--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A.
(incorporated with limited liability in Spain)
€25,000,000,000 PROGRAMME FOR THE ISSUANCE OF DEBT INSTRUMENTS
This document (the “Base Prospectus”) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of the EU of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”) relating to instruments (the “Instruments”) 
issued under the programme described herein (the “Programme”) by Banco Santander, S.A. (“Santander”, “Banco Santander”, the “Issuer” or the 
“Bank”) and has been prepared in accordance with, and including the information required by Annexes 7 and 15 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation.
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus 
has been approved on 15 March 2021, as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information 
with regard to the issue of Instruments under the Programme during the period of twelve months after the date of its approval. The Central Bank of 
Ireland assumes no responsibility as to the economistic and financial soundness of the transactions and the quality or solvency of the Issuer. The Central 
Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed under Irish 
and European Union (“EU”) law pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Such approval relates only to the Instruments 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”) and/or which are to be 
offered to the public in any member state (“Member State”) of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Application has been made to The Irish Stock 
Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for the Instruments to be admitted to the official list (the “Official List”) and trading 
on its regulated market. This Base Prospectus will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie) and the information incorporated by 
reference under Section titled “Documents incorporated by Reference” herein will be published on the website of Banco Santander 
(www.santander.com/en/home). The Programme also permits Instruments to be issued on the basis that they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further 
listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer.
For the purposes of the Directive 2004/109/EC (the “Transparency Directive”) the Home Member State is Spain. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language in order 
that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law.
This Base Prospectus will be valid for a year from the date of its approval. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of significant 
new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when the Prospectus is no longer valid. 
There are certain risks related to any issue of Instruments under the Programme, which investors should ensure they understand and make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Instruments (see “Risk Factors” on pages 16 to 59 of this Base Prospectus). Potential investors 
should note the statements regarding the tax treatment in Spain of income obtained in respect of the Instruments and the disclosure requirements 
imposed by Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the organisation, supervision and solvency of credit institutions (Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, 
supervisión y solvencia de entidades de crédito), as amended from time to time (“Law 10/2014”) on the Issuer in relation to the Instruments. In 
particular, payments on the Instruments may be subject to Spanish withholding tax if certain information relating to the Instruments is not received by 
the Issuer in a timely manner.
The Instruments may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Instruments”) or in registered form (“Registered Instruments”). Bearer Instruments may be 
issued in new global note (“NGN”) form and Registered Instruments may be held under the new safekeeping structure (“NSS”) to allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, each Tranche of Bearer Instruments having an original maturity of more than one year will 
initially be represented by a temporary Global Instrument (each a “Temporary Global Instrument”) and each Tranche of Bearer Instruments having 
an original maturity of one year or less will initially be represented by a permanent Global Instrument (each a “Permanent Global Instrument” and, 
together with a Temporary Global Instrument, each a “Global Instrument”) which, in each case, will (i) if the Global Instruments are stated in the 
applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); or (ii) if the 
Global Instruments are not intended to be issued in NGN form (“CGN”), be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to 
a common depositary (“Common Depositary”) for, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or as otherwise agreed between the relevant Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. Interests in Temporary Global Instruments will be exchangeable for interests in a Permanent Global Instrument or, if so stated in 
the relevant Final Terms, for definitive Bearer Instruments (the “Definitive Instruments”) after the date falling 40 days after the issue date upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. If specified in the relevant Final Terms, interests in Permanent Global Instruments will be
exchangeable for Definitive Instruments. Registered Instruments will be represented by registered certificates (each an “Individual Certificate”), one 
Individual Certificate being issued in respect of each Holder's entire holding of Registered Instruments of one Series and may be represented by 
registered global certificates (each a “Global Registered Instrument”). Registered Instruments which are held in Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be registered (i) if the Global Registered Instrument is not to be held under the NSS, in the name of nominees for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or a common nominee for both or (ii) if the Global Registered Instrument is to be held under the NSS, in the name of a 
nominee of the Common Safekeeper and the relevant Individual Certificate(s) will be delivered to the appropriate depositary, a Common Depositary
or Common Safekeeper, as the case may be. The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Instruments for other Global Instruments
and Definitive Instruments are described in “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Instruments while in Global Form”.
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and include Instruments in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. The Instruments may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Instruments in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) and, in addition in the case of Instruments 
in bearer form, as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder) except in

--- Page 2 ---
2
certain transactions exempt from or not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act, the securities laws of the applicable state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States and applicable U.S. tax law requirements.
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Instruments will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments and which channels for distribution of the Instruments are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Instruments (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated 
Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Instruments is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Instruments, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules.
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EC, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “EU
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA will be prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Instruments will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments and which channels for distribution of the Instruments are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer 
subscribing for any Instruments is a manufacturer in respect of such Instruments, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the EU PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
Amounts payable under the Instruments may be calculated or otherwise determined by reference to an index or a combination of indices and amounts 
payable on Reset Instruments issued under the Programme may in certain circumstances be determined in part by reference to such indices. Any such 
index may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “EU BMR”). If any such index 
does constitute such a benchmark the applicable final terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to article 
36 of the EU BMR. Not every index will fall within the scope of the EU BMR.

--- Page 3 ---
3
Arrangers for the Programme
BARCLAYS
SANTANDER CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANKING (SCIB)
Dealers
BNP PARIBAS
BOFA SECURITIES
CITIGROUP
COMMERZBANK
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB
CREDIT SUISSE
DEUTSCHE BANK
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK EUROPE SE
HSBC
J.P. MORGAN
MIZUHO SECURITIES EUROPE
MORGAN STANLEY
NATIXIS
NATWEST MARKETS
NOMURA 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & INVESTMENT 
BANKING
UBS INVESTMENT BANK
UNICREDIT BANK
WELLS FARGO SECURITIES
15 March 2021

--- Page 4 ---
4
IMPORTANT NOTICES
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms (as 
defined below) and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import.
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Instruments will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Instruments” (the “Terms and Conditions”) as completed by a document specific to such 
Tranche called final terms (the “Final Terms”).
The Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplements thereto and with any other 
documents incorporated by reference therein and, in relation to any Tranche of Instruments, should be read and 
construed together with the relevant Final Terms.
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers referred to in “Subscription and Sale” below that this Base Prospectus 
(together with the relevant Final Terms referred to herein) contains all such information as investors and their 
professional advisers would reasonably require, and reasonably expect to find, for the purpose of making an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses, and prospects of the 
Issuer and of the rights attaching to the relevant Instruments.
The Issuer has not authorised the making or provision of any representation or information regarding the Issuer 
and the companies whose financial statements are consolidated with those of the Issuer (together, the “Group” 
or “Santander Group”) or the Instruments other than as contained or incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus, in the Dealership Agreement (as defined in “Subscription and Sale”), in any other document 
prepared in connection with the Programme or any Final Terms or as approved for such purpose by the Issuer. 
Any such representation or information should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the 
Dealers or any of them. 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates, and neither 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates make any representation or warranty or accept any 
responsibility, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in the Base Prospectus or any 
responsibility for any act or omission of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in 
connection with the issue and offering of the Instruments. Neither the delivery of the Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Instrument shall create, in any circumstances, any 
implication that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation the Issuer or the Group since the 
date hereof or, as the case may be, the date upon which the Base Prospectus has been most recently amended 
or supplemented or the balance sheet date of the most recent financial statements which are deemed to be 
incorporated into the Base Prospectus by reference. 
Prospective investors should determine whether an investment in the Instruments is appropriate in their 
particular circumstances and should consult with their legal, business and tax advisers to determine the 
consequences of an investment in the Instruments and to arrive at their own evaluations of the investment.
Prospective investors should consider that the trading market for debt securities issued by banks is influenced 
by economic and market conditions and, to varying degrees, interest rates, currency exchange rates and inflation 
rates in other Western and industrialised countries, that such market volatility could adversely affect the price 
of the Instruments and that the different economic and market conditions could have any other adverse effect.
Each potential investor in any of the Instruments should determine the suitability of such investment in light of 
its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the 
help of its financial and professional advisers, whether it:
(i)
has sufficient knowledge and expertise to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Instruments, the merits and risks of investing in the Instruments and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, taking into account that the Instruments may 
only be a suitable investment for professional or institutional investors; 
(ii)
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Instruments and the impact the Instruments will 
have on its overall investment portfolio;

--- Page 5 ---
5
(iii)
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Instruments, including where the currency for payments in respect of the Instruments is different 
from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv)
understands thoroughly the terms of the Instruments, including the provisions relating to their 
status, and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; and
(v)
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear applicable risks. 
A potential investor should not invest in the Instruments unless it has the knowledge and expertise (either alone 
or with its financial and professional advisers) to evaluate how the Instruments will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the market value of the Instruments, and the impact of this investment on 
the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) relevant Instruments are legal investments for it, (ii) the relevant Instruments can 
be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to the purchase of any 
Instruments. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine 
the appropriate treatment of Instruments under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. Neither the 
Issuer, the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the 
acquisition of the Instruments by a prospective investor of the relevant Instruments, whether under the laws of 
the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by 
that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it.
The distribution of the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Instruments in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession the Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms come are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe 
any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Instruments and 
on the distribution of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the 
Instruments, see “Subscription and Sale”. In particular, the Instruments have not been and will not be registered 
under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States, and Instruments in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Instruments may 
not be offered, sold or (in the case of Instruments in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) and, in addition, in the case of 
Instruments in bearer form, as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and U.S. 
Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder), except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act, the securities laws of the applicable state or other jurisdiction of 
the United States and applicable U.S. tax law requirements.
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation 
by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation.
The Instruments will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as specified in the applicable Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each 
Instrument will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant specified currency indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms and save that, (i) in the case of any Instruments which are to be admitted to trading on 
a regulated market within the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the Instruments) and (ii) unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Instruments (including Instruments denominated in sterling) which have a maturity of less than one 
year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the UK or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA will have a minimum denomination of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Instruments and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any

--- Page 6 ---
6
Instruments. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer.
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Instruments outstanding at any one time under the Programme 
will not exceed €25,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Instruments denominated in another currency shall 
be translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Instruments (calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the DealershipAgreement)). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Instruments which may 
be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance 
with the relevant provisions of the Dealership Agreement.
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF INSTRUMENTS, THE DEALER OR 
DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON 
BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS MAY 
OVER-ALLOT INSTRUMENTS OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING 
THE MARKET PRICE OF THE INSTRUMENTS AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH 
MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY 
OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH 
ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT 
TRANCHE OF INSTRUMENTS IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT 
MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
RELEVANT TRANCHE OF INSTRUMENTS AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE 
ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF INSTRUMENTS. ANY STABILISING ACTION 
OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR 
PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES.
There are certain risks relating to an investment in the Instruments. See “Risk Factors”.
Tranches of Instruments may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Instruments is rated, the applicable 
rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation 
to a relevant Tranche of Instruments will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on 
credit rating agencies (as amended, the “CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Instruments and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
All references in this Base Prospectus to “$”, “US$” or “US dollars” are to United States dollars, references to 
“Sterling” and “£” are to pounds sterling, references to “euro”, “EUR” and “€” are to the single currency of 
participating Member States of the EU and references to “BRL” are to Brazilian Real.
For the avoidance of doubt, uniform resource locators (“URLs”) given in respect of web-site addresses in the 
Base Prospectus are inactive textual references only and it is not intended to incorporate the contents of any 
such web sites into this Base Prospectus nor should the contents of such web sites be deemed to be incorporated 
into this Base Prospectus.
This Base Prospectus (and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) contains certain 
management measures of performance or alternative performance measures (“APMs”), which are used by 
management to evaluate Issuer´s overall performance. These APMs are not audited, reviewed or subject to 
review by Issuer´s auditors and are not measurements required by, or presented in accordance with, International 
Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU (“IFRS-EU”). Accordingly, these APMs should not be 
considered as alternatives to any performance measures prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU. Many of these 
APMs are based on Issuer´s internal estimates, assumptions, calculations, and expectations of future results and 
there can be no guarantee that these results will actually be achieved. Accordingly, investors are cautioned not 
to place undue reliance on these APMs. 
Furthermore, these APMs, as used by the Issuer, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used 
by other companies. Investors should not consider such APMs in isolation, as alternatives to the information 
calculated in accordance with IFRS-EU, as indications of operating performance or as measures of Issuer´s 
profitability or liquidity. Such APMs must be considered only in addition to, and not as a substitute for or 
superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and investors are advised to review

--- Page 7 ---
7
these APMs in conjunction with the audited consolidated annual financial statements and the unaudited 
quarterly business activity and results report incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The descriptions (including definitions, explanations and reconciliations) of all APMs are set out in Section 8
of the Group's 2020 Annual Report which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”).
The Issuer believes that the description of these management measures of performance in this Base Prospectus 
follows and complies with the ESMA Guidelines introduced on 3 July 2016 on Alternative Performance 
Measures.
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) - Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, 
all Instruments shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”)) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Product and the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).
Guidance under the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the "HKMA") circular - in October 2018, the Hong 
Kong Monetary Authority (the “HKMA”) issued guidance on enhanced investor protection measures on the 
sale and distribution of debt instruments with loss-absorption features and related products (the “HKMA 
Circular”). Under the HKMA Circular, debt instruments with loss absorption features, being subject to the risk 
of being written-down or converted to ordinary shares, and investment products that invest mainly in, or whose 
returns are closely linked to the performance of such instruments, are to be targeted in Hong Kong at 
Professional Investors only and are generally not suitable for retail investors in either the primary or secondary 
markets. Investors in Hong Kong should not purchase the Instruments in the primary or secondary markets 
unless they are Professional Investors only and understand the risks involved. The Instruments are generally 
not suitable for retail investors.

--- Page 8 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
IMPORTANT NOTICES.............................................................................................................................. 4
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME......................................................................................................... 9
RISK FACTORS........................................................................................................................................ 16
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER.............................................................................................................. 60
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................ 61
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS........................................................................... 64
PRO FORMA REGULATIONS OF THE SYNDICATE OF THE HOLDERS OF THE INSTRUMENTS.. 117
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE INSTRUMENTS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM..... 123
USE OF PROCEEDS............................................................................................................................... 129
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE.................................................................................................................. 151
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................. 156
GENERAL INFORMATION.................................................................................................................... 169

--- Page 9 ---
9
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
Issuer:
Banco Santander, S.A.
LEI Code:
5493006QMFDDMYWIAM13
Risk Factors:
Investing in Instruments issued under the Programme 
involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may 
affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations 
under the Instruments are discussed under “Risk Factors” 
above.
Description:
Programme for the issuance of debt instruments.
Size:
Up to €25,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other 
currencies at the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount 
of Instruments outstanding at any one time.
Arrangers:
Banco Santander, S.A. and Barclays Bank Ireland PLC.
Dealers:
Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP 
Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Credit 
Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores, S.A., Deutsche 
Bank Aktiengesellschaft, London Branch, Goldman 
Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. 
Morgan AG, Mizuho Securities Europe Gmbh, Morgan 
Stanley Europe SE, Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH, Société 
Générale, UBS Europe SE, UniCredit Bank AG and Wells 
Fargo Securities Europe S.A.
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the 
appointment of any Dealer under the Programme or 
appoint additional Dealers either in respect of one or more 
Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. 
References in this Base Prospectus to “Dealers” are to the 
persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional 
persons that are appointed as Dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and all persons appointed as a Dealer in 
respect of one or more Tranches.
Issue and Paying Agent:
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch.
Method of Issue:
The Instruments will be issued on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. The Instruments will be issued in series 
(each a “Series”) having one or more issue dates and on 
terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in 
respect of the first payment of interest), the Instruments of 
each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all 
other Instruments of that Series. Each Series may be

--- Page 10 ---
10
issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or 
different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche 
(which will be completed, where necessary, with the 
relevant terms and conditions and, save in respect of the 
issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and 
nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the 
terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be 
completed in the final terms for such Tranche (the “Final 
Terms”).
Issue Price: 
Instruments may be issued at par or at a discount to par or 
a premium over par and on a fully paid basis, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. The issue price and the 
principal amount of the relevant tranche of Instruments 
will be determined before filing of the relevant Final 
Terms of each tranche on the basis of then prevailing 
market conditions.
Form of Instruments: 
The Instruments may be Bearer Instruments or Registered 
Instruments. Bearer Instruments may be issued in NGN 
form and Registered Instruments may be held under the 
NSS, in each case, to allow Eurosystem eligibility. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, each 
Tranche of Bearer Instruments having an original maturity 
of more than one year and that is being issued in 
compliance with the U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “D Rules”) will initially be represented 
by a Temporary Global Instrument and each Tranche of 
Bearer Instruments having an original maturity of one 
year or less will initially be represented by a Permanent 
Global Instrument which, in each case, will (i) if the 
Global Instruments are stated in the applicable Final 
Terms to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior 
to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a 
Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg; or (ii) if the Global Instruments are not 
intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or 
prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a 
Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or as otherwise agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. Interests in temporary Global 
Instruments will be exchangeable for interests in a 
permanent Global Instrument or, if so stated in the 
relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Instruments after the 
date falling 40 days after the issue date upon certification 
as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. If specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, interests in permanent Global 
Instruments will be exchangeable for Definitive 
Instruments.

--- Page 11 ---
11
Registered Instruments will be represented by Individual 
Certificates, one Individual Certificate being issued in 
respect of each Holder's entire holding of Registered 
Instruments of one Series and may be represented by a 
Global Registered Instrument. Registered Instruments 
which 
are held in 
Euroclear and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be registered (i) if the Global Registered 
Instrument is not to be held under the NSS, in the name of 
nominees for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
a common nominee for both or (ii) if the Global 
Registered Instrument is to be held under the NSS, in the 
name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper and the 
relevant Individual Certificate(s) will be delivered to the 
appropriate depositary, a Common Depositary or 
Common Safekeeper, as the case may be.
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in 
Global Instruments for other Global Instruments and 
Definitive Instruments are described in “Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Instruments while in Global 
Form”.
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to 
any Instruments, any other clearing system as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Currencies:
The Instruments may be denominated in any currency 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory requirements and/or central bank requirements.
Maturities:
Instruments may be issued with any maturity subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements. Senior Non Preferred 
Instruments will have an original maturity of at least one 
year from their date of effective disbursement or such 
minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or 
required from time to time by Applicable Banking 
Regulations. Tier 2 Subordinated Instruments will have a 
maturity of not less than five years in accordance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations.
Where Instruments have a maturity of less than one year 
and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer 
in the UK or (b) the activity of issuing the Instruments is 
carried on from an establishment maintained by the Issuer 
in the UK, such Instruments must: (i) have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of

--- Page 12 ---
12
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances 
which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) 
by the Issuer.
Specified Denomination: 
Instruments will be in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms save that (i) in the 
case of any Instruments which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in an EEA State in 
circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue 
of the Instruments); and (ii) unless otherwise permitted by 
then current laws and regulations, Instruments (including 
Instruments denominated in sterling) which have a 
maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the 
issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the UK
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
section 19 of the FSMA will have a minimum 
denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies).
Fixed Rate Instruments:
Fixed Rate Instruments bear interest at the fixed rate(s) of 
interest specified in the relevant Final Terms. The rate of 
interest will remain constant or may be altered on certain 
reset dates specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Floating Rate Instruments:
Floating Rate Instruments bear interest at a variable rate 
either determined (a) on the basis of a floating rate set out 
in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, or (b) on the basis of a 
reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page of a 
commercial quotation service, together with the (positive 
or negative) margin (if any).
Zero Coupon Instruments:
Zero Coupon Instruments will be offered and sold at a 
discount to, or at 100 per cent. of, their principal amount. 
Zero Coupon Instruments do not bear interest and an 
investor will not receive any return on the Instruments 
until redemption.
CMS-Linked Instruments:
CMS-Linked Instruments bear interest (if any) at a rate 
determined by reference to one or more swap rates.
Interest Periods and Interest Rates:
The length of interest periods for the Instruments and the 
applicable interest rate or its method of calculation may 
differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. 
Instruments may have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual 
periods permits the Instruments to bear interest at

--- Page 13 ---
13
different rates in the same interest period. All such 
information will be set out in the Final Terms.
Redemption:
Instruments may be redeemable at the redemption amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
requirements. Early redemption will be permitted for 
taxation reasons or, in the case of Ordinary Senior 
Instruments if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
following an Event of Default or, in the case of 
Subordinated 
Instruments, 
Senior 
Non 
Preferred 
Instruments and if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Ordinary Senior Instruments, upon the occurrence of 
a TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event, or, in the case of 
Tier 2 Subordinated Instruments, upon the occurrence of 
a Capital Disqualification Event, but otherwise early 
redemption will be permitted only to the extent specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. Redemption of Tier 2 
Subordinated Instruments where the TLAC/MREL 
Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms may be redeemed pursuant to a 
TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event only after five years 
from their date of issuance or such other minimum period 
permitted under Applicable Banking Regulations.
Any early redemption of Subordinated Instruments, 
Senior Non Preferred Instruments or Ordinary Senior 
Instruments eligible to comply with the TLAC/MREL 
Requirements will be subject to the prior consent of the 
competent 
authorities 
and/or 
relevant 
resolution 
authorities, to the extent required, in accordance with 
applicable banking regulations.
Status of Instruments:
Instruments may be either Senior Instruments (in which 
case they will be Ordinary Senior Instruments or Senior 
Non Preferred Instruments) or Subordinated Instruments 
(in which case they will be Senior Subordinated 
Instruments or Tier 2 Subordinated Instruments) as more 
fully described in Condition 3 (Status of the Instruments). 
Substitution and Variation:
If specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable 
to the Instruments and a TLAC/MREL Disqualification 
Event, a Capital Disqualification Event or a circumstance 
giving rise to the right of the Issuer to redeem the 
Instruments for taxation reasons, as applicable, occurs and 
is continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not some 
only) of the Instruments (as the case may be) or modify 
the terms of all (but not some only) of the Instruments, 
including, in the case of English Law Instruments by
changing the governing law of the Instruments from 
English law to Spanish law, without any requirement for

--- Page 14 ---
14
the consent or approval of the Holders, so that they are 
substituted for, or varied to, become, or remain Qualifying 
Instruments. See Condition 8 (Substitution and Variation).
Ratings:
Tranches of Instruments may be rated or unrated and, if 
rated, such ratings will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in 
relation to a relevant Tranche of Instruments will be issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in 
the relevant Final Terms.
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency.
Taxation:
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the 
Instruments will be made free and clear of withholding 
taxes of the Kingdom of Spain unless the withholding is 
required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall (subject to 
customary exceptions and, in respect of Tier 2 
Subordinated 
Instruments,
Senior 
Non 
Preferred 
Instruments and Ordinary Senior Instruments eligible to 
comply with TLAC/MREL Requirements only in respect 
of the payment of interest) pay such additional amounts as 
shall result in receipt by the Holder of the relevant 
Instrument of such amounts as would have been received 
by it had no such withholding been required, all as 
described in “Terms and Conditions of the Instruments –
Taxation”. 
The Issuer considers that, according to Royal Decree 
1065/2007, of 27 July, as amended by Royal Decree 
1145/2011, of 29 July, it is not obliged to withhold taxes 
in Spain in relation to interest paid on the Instruments to 
any investor (whether tax resident in Spain or not) 
provided that the information procedures described in 
section “Taxation” below are fulfilled. 
According to the information procedures described in 
such section, it would no longer be necessary to provide 
the Issuer with information regarding the identity and tax 
residence of the Holders of the Instruments or the amount 
of interest payable to them, provided certain conditions 
are met.
For further information on this matter, please refer to 
“Risk Factors — Taxation in Spain”.
Governing Law:
English law or Spanish law, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. In the case of English law Instruments, 
Condition 3 (Status of the Instruments) and Condition 14

--- Page 15 ---
15
(Syndicate 
of 
Holders 
of 
the 
Instruments 
and 
Modification) will be governed, and construed in 
accordance with, Spanish law.
Listing and Admission to Trading:
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CBI as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The 
CBI only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed under Irish and EU law pursuant to 
the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval by the CBI 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer
or the quality of the securities that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus.
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the 
Instruments to be admitted to the Official List and trading 
on its regulated market, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
Each Series may be listed on the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin and traded on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin and/or any other listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system (as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer and specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) or may be unlisted. Under Spanish law, 
unlisted Instruments are subject to a different tax regime 
than that applicable to listed Instruments and, if issued 
under the Programme, such Instruments will be the 
subject of a supplement to the Base Prospectus.
Selling Restrictions:
The United States, the European Economic Area, the UK, 
Spain, Japan, Switzerland, Belgium, Singapore, Italy, 
Hong Kong, France, Canada and/or such other restrictions 
as may be required in connection with the offering and 
sale of the Instruments. See “Subscription and Sale”.
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act, as defined above.

--- Page 16 ---
16
RISK FACTORS
An investment in the Instruments may involve a high degree of risk. In purchasing Instruments, investors assume 
the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the 
Instruments. There is a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Instruments. It is not possible to identify all such factors, as 
the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which they currently deem not to be 
material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. The Issuer 
has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its businesses 
and ability to make payments due under the Instruments and are listed in order of decreasing materiality, taking 
into account both the probability that they might occur as well as the expected magnitude of their negative 
impact.
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risk associated with Instruments 
issued under the Programme are detailed below. The factors discussed below regarding the risks of acquiring 
or holding any Instruments are not exhaustive, and additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently 
known to the Issuer or that the Issuer currently believes to be immaterial could also have a material impact on 
the Instruments.
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision.
CONTENTS OF THE RISK FACTORS
1. Macro-Economic and Political Risks
The current global covid-19 pandemic has materially impacted the business of the Group, and the 
continuance of this pandemic or any future outbreak of any other highly contagious diseases or other 
public health emergency, could materially and adversely impact its business, financial condition, 
liquidity and results of operations.
Since December 2019, a new strain of coronavirus, or covid-19, spread in the People's Republic of China and 
progressively to the rest of the world, mainly to Europe (including Spain and the UK), Latin America and the 
United States, among others. The outbreak was declared a public health emergency of international concern 
and a global pandemic by the World Health Organization.
Countries around the world have responded to the covid-19 pandemic by adopting a variety of measures in an 
attempt to contain the spread and impact of covid-19, including imposing mass quarantines or other containment 
measures, shelter-in-place orders and medical screenings, restricting travel, limiting public gatherings and 
suspending most economic activities. These measures have resulted in a severe decrease of global economic 
activity and falls in production and demand, which has led to sharp declines in the gross domestic product 
(GDP) of those countries which are most affected by the pandemic and is expected to continue to have an 
overall negative impact on global GDP in 2021. Other consequences include increased unemployment levels, 
sharp decreases and high volatility in the stock markets, disruption of global supply chains, exchange rate 
volatility, steady customer draws on lines of credit, decline in real estate prices, and uncertainty in relation to 
the future impact in regional and global economies in the medium and long term. These measures have also 
negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively impact, businesses, market participants, Group's
counterparties and clients, and the global economy for a prolonged period of time. Furthermore, it is unclear 
how the macroeconomic business environment or societal norms may be impacted after the pandemic. The 
post-covid-19 environment may undergo unexpected developments or changes in the financial markets, fiscal, 
tax and regulatory environments as well as customer and corporate client behaviour which could have an 
adverse impact on the business of the Group.
Many governments and regulatory authorities, including central banks, have acted, and may further act, to 
provide relief from the economic and market disruptions resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, including 
providing fiscal and monetary stimuli to support the global economy, lowering federal funds rates and interest 
rates, and granting partial or total deferral (grace period) of principal and/or interest payments due on loans. It 
is difficult to predict how effective these and other measures taken to mitigate the economic effects of the 
pandemic will be.

--- Page 17 ---
17
Should current economic conditions persist or continue to deteriorate, the Group expects that this 
macroeconomic environment will have a continued material adverse effect on the business and results of 
operations of the Group, which could include, but is not limited to (i) a continued decreased demand for its
products and services; (ii) protracted periods of lower interest rates and resulting pressure on its margins; (iii) 
further material impairment of its loans and other assets including goodwill; (iv) decline in value of collateral; 
(v) constraints on its liquidity due to market conditions, exchange rates and customer withdrawal of deposits 
and continued draws on lines of credit; and (vi) downgrades to its credit ratings. See risk factor entitled 'Credit, 
market and liquidity risk may have an adverse effect on the credit ratings of the Group and its cost of funds. 
Any downgrade in the credit rating of the Group would likely increase its cost of funding, require the Group to 
post additional collateral or take other actions under some of its derivative and other contracts and adversely 
affect its interest margins and results of operations '.
Additionally, unprecedented movement in economic and market drivers related to the covid-19 pandemic 
impacted the performance of financial models including credit loss models, capital models, traded risk models 
and models used in the asset/liability management process. This has required additional monitoring and 
adjustments to comply with the guidance and recommendations of standard setters, regulators and supervisors, 
particularly for credit loss models. It also has resulted in the use of mitigants for model limitations, such as 
adjustments to model outputs to reflect consideration of management judgment. The performance and usage of 
models has been and may continue to be impacted by the consequences of the covid-19 pandemic. While it is 
too early to be entirely certain of the magnitude of change required for the models of the Group, it is likely that 
capital, credit risk and other models will need to be adjusted. The effectiveness of such models will depend in 
large part on the depth and length of the economic downturn. 
Moreover, the operations of the Group will continue to be impacted by risks from remote working arrangements 
or bans on non-essential activities. For example, some of its branches in affected countries have been closed 
and others have been functioning with reduced hours for a significant period of time. During 2020, the Group
had more than half of its total workforce working remotely, which has increased cybersecurity risks given 
greater use of computer networks outside the corporate environment. If the Group becomes unable to 
successfully operate its business from remote locations including, for example, due to failures of its technology 
infrastructure, increased cybersecurity risks, or governmental restrictions that affect its operations, this could 
result in business disruptions that could have a material and adverse effect on its business. 
If the covid-19 pandemic continues to adversely affect the global economy and/or adversely affect the business, 
financial condition, liquidity or results of operations of the Group, it may also increase the likelihood and/or 
magnitude of other risks described in this 'Risk Factors' section.
Main impacts in the income statement:
In light of the impact that the covid-19 pandemic has had on the economic situation and forecasts in the markets 
where the Group is present, in 2020 a review was carried out of both valuation of goodwill and the recoverability 
of deferred tax assets. As a result of this review, to reflect the expected fall in GDP in the year in all countries, 
with a recovery expected to take two or three years, the expectation that central bank reference interest rates 
will remain low for longer and that the discount rate will increase to reflect volatility and the higher risk 
premium, the Group adjusted the valuation of its goodwill and deferred tax assets, resulting in a non-recurring 
impairment of €12,600 million, of which €10,100 million relates to goodwill and €2,500 million to deferred tax 
assets. This adjustment did not affect the Group's liquidity, credit risk or market positions, and is neutral in 
CET1 capital; nor did it affect the strategic importance of the affected markets. The Group remains confident 
in the potential for the long-term value creation in each of its regions and markets.
The growth, asset quality and profitability of the Group, among others, may be adversely affected by a 
slowdown in one or more of the economies in which the Group operates, as well as volatile 
macroeconomic and political conditions.
During 2020, most world economies faced severe recession as a result of covid-19 which could lead major 
financial institutions, including some of the world's largest global commercial banks, investment banks, 
mortgage lenders, mortgage guarantors and insurance companies to experience significant difficulties, 
including runs on deposits, the need for government assistance or the need to reduce or cease providing funding 
to borrowers (including to other financial institutions).
Volatile conditions in the global financial markets could also have a material adverse effect on the Group, 
including on the ability of the Group to access capital and liquidity on financial terms acceptable to the Group,

--- Page 18 ---
18
if at all. If capital markets financing ceases to become available, or becomes excessively expensive, the Group 
may be forced to raise the rates paid on deposits to attract more customers and become unable to maintain 
certain liability maturities. Any such increase in capital markets funding availability or costs or in deposit rates 
could have a material adverse effect on its interest margins and liquidity.
In particular, the Group faces, among others, the following risks related to the economic downturn and volatile 
conditions:

Reduced demand for its products and services.

Increased regulation of its industry. Compliance with such regulation will continue to increase the
costs of the Group and may affect the pricing for its products and services, increase its conduct and 
regulatory risks related to non-compliance and limit its ability to pursue business opportunities.

Inability of its borrowers to timely or fully comply with their existing obligations. Macroeconomic 
shocks may negatively impact the income of its customers, both retail and corporate, and may 
adversely affect the recoverability of its loans, resulting in increased loan losses.

The process the Group uses to estimate losses inherent in its credit exposure requires complex 
judgements, including forecasts of economic conditions and how these economic conditions might 
impair the ability of its borrowers to repay their loans. The degree of uncertainty concerning 
economic conditions may adversely affect the accuracy of its estimates, which may, in turn, impact 
the reliability of the process and the sufficiency of its loan loss allowances.

The value and liquidity of the portfolio of investment securities that the Group holds may be 
adversely affected.
The recoverability of the loan portfolios of the Group and its ability to increase the amount of loans outstanding 
and its results of operations and financial condition in general, are dependent to a significant extent on the level 
of economic activity in Europe (in particular, Spain and the UK), North America and South America. See risk 
factor entitled 'The credit quality of the loan portfolio of the Group may deteriorate and the Group's loan loss 
reserves could be insufficient to cover its loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group'.
In addition, the Group is exposed to sovereign debt in these regions (for more information on its exposure to 
sovereign debt, see notes 50.d and 53.b to the 2020 Financial Statements). Recessionary conditions in the 
economies of Europe (in particular, Spain and the UK), North America or some of the South American countries 
in which the Group operates, would likely have a significant adverse impact on its loan portfolio and sovereign 
debt holdings and, as a result, on its financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
The revenues of the Group are also subject to risk of deterioration from unfavourable political and diplomatic 
developments, social instability, and changes in governmental policies, including expropriation, nationalization, 
international ownership legislation, interest-rate caps, tax and monetary policies.
For the year ending 31 December 2020, 37 per cent. of the underlying profit attributable to the Bank came from 
Europe (7 per cent. was from Spain, 15 per cent. from Santander Consumer and 8 per cent. from the United 
Kingdom), 42 per cent. from South America (30 per cent from Brazil) and 21 per cent. from North America (11
per cent. from Mexico and 10 per cent. from the United States)1. As of that date, the total assets of the Group
stood at 71 per cent. in Europe (24 per cent. in Spain and 22 per cent. in the United Kingdom), 16 per cent. in 
South America (10 per cent. in Brazil) and 15 per cent. in North America (5 per cent. in Mexico and 9 per cent.
in the United States).
In particular, the EU and South America, which are the two main regions where the Group operates, are subject 
to the following macroeconomic and political conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on the
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Group:
European Union
In the EU, the tax and financial integration, although not completed, has limited an individual country's ability 
to address potential economic crises with its own fiscal and monetary policies.
                                                       
1 Percentages calculated using as denominator the underlying profit of total operating areas (i.e. without considering the (€1,844 million accounted for in the 
Corporate Center resulting from centralized management of the areas).

--- Page 19 ---
19
In the past, the European Central Bank (ECB) and the European Council have taken actions with the aim of 
reducing the risk of contagion in the eurozone and beyond and improving economic and financial stability. 
Notwithstanding these measures, a significant number of financial institutions throughout Europe have 
substantial exposures to sovereign debt issued by eurozone (and other) nations, which may be under financial 
stress. Should any of those nations default on their debt, or experience a significant widening of credit spreads, 
major financial institutions and banking systems throughout Europe could be adversely affected, with wider 
possible adverse consequences for global financial market conditions. The net exposure of the Group to 
sovereign debt at 31 December 2020 amounted to €129,923 million (9 per cent. of its total assets at that date) 
of which the main exposures in the eurozone relate to Spain and Portugal with net exposure of €24,245 million 
(of which €7,048 million were financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income) and €8,730 
million, respectively. 
In June 2020 the ECB put in place a set of monetary policy and banking supervision measures to mitigate the 
impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the euro area economy and to support all European citizens. In particular, 
the €1,350 billion pandemic emergency purchase programme (PEPP) aims to lower borrowing costs and 
increase lending in the euro area. The ECB will terminate net asset purchases under the PEPP once it judges 
that the covid-19 crisis phase is over, but in any case not before the end of June 2021. This programme 
complements the asset purchase programmes that have been in place since 2014.
On 21 July 2020, the EU agreed on a €750 billion recovery effort to help the EU tackle the crisis caused by the 
pandemic. Alongside the recovery package, the EU agreed on a €1,074.3 billion long-term EU budget for 2021-
2027. Among others, the budget will support investment in the digital and green transitions.  
The risk of returning to a fragile and volatile environment and to political tensions exists if current ECB policies 
in place are quickly reversed, the reforms aimed at improving productivity and competition do not progress, the 
closing of the banking union and other measures of integration are not deepened or anti-European groups 
succeed.
In addition, on 31 January 2020 the UK ceased to be a member of the EU which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group. See risk factor entitled 'The UK's withdrawal from the European Union could have a 
material adverse effect on the operations, financial condition and prospects of the Group'.
South America
The economies of some of the countries where the Group operates, particularly in South America, have 
experienced significant volatility in recent decades. This volatility resulted in fluctuations in the levels of 
deposits and in the relative economic strength of various segments of the economies to which the Group lends. 
In addition, some of the countries where the Group operates are particularly affected by commodities price 
fluctuations, which in turn may affect financial market conditions through exchange rate fluctuations, interest 
rate volatility and deposits volatility. Negative and fluctuating economic conditions, such as slowing or negative 
growth and a changing interest rate environment, could impact the profitability of the Group by causing lending 
margins to decrease and credit quality to decline and leading to decreased demand for higher margin products 
and services. In particular, the recent political and social instability in Chile and the financial volatility in 
Argentina could have a negative impact on the economy of these countries and may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group.  
The UK's withdrawal from the European Union could have a material adverse effect on the operations, 
financial condition and prospects of the Group. 
On 31 January 2020 the UK ceased to be a member of the EU, on withdrawal terms which established a 
transition period until 31 December 2020, during which the UK continued to be treated as an EU member state 
and applicable EU legislation continued to be in force. A trade deal was agreed between the UK and the EU 
prior to the end of the transition period and the new regulations came into force on 1 January 2021. 
The trade deal, however, did not include agreements on certain areas, such as financial services and data 
adequacy, although a further transitional period has been agreed with respect to rules on the transfer of personal 
data between the EU and the UK until the end of June 2021. Without equivalence decisions or other agreements 
that provide market access on a stable and widespread basis, Santander UK plc (“Santander UK”) has, and 
will continue to have, a limited ability to provide cross-border services to EU customers and to trade with EU 
counterparties. It is uncertain whether equivalence decisions will be granted or whether a trade agreement with 
respect to financial services between the EU and the UK will be reached. The impact of any such trade

--- Page 20 ---
20
agreement, equivalence decisions or any other cooperation mechanisms on financial markets generally, the 
extent of legislative and regulatory convergence and regulatory cooperation that would be required between the 
UK and the EU member states, as well as the level of access that may be granted to financial services firms 
across EU and UK markets is uncertain. The wider impact of the UK's withdrawal from the EU on financial 
markets through market fragmentation, reduced access to finance and funding, and lack of access to certain 
financial market infrastructure, may affect the operations, financial condition and prospects of the Group and 
those of its customers. 
Uncertainty also remains around the effect of the current trade deal on economic growth in the UK given that 
it does not address services. The effect of the additional non-tariff trade barriers imposed on products is equally 
unknown. It is likely that growth will initially be disrupted as businesses adapt to the new cross-border 
procedures and rules applicable in the UK and in the EU to their activities, products, customers and suppliers. 
While the longer-term effects of the UK's withdrawal from the EU are difficult to predict, there is ongoing 
political and economic uncertainty, which is likely to continue in the medium term and which could negatively 
impact Santander UK's customers and counterparties. 
There are also other potential longer-term impacts resulting from the UK's withdrawal from the EU which could 
impact the UK economy and Santander UK's business such as:

increased calls for a second referendum on Scottish independence from the UK; and

instability in Northern Ireland, if the current arrangements regarding the borders between the 
Republic of Ireland, Northern Ireland and Great Britain are called into further question. 
If one or more of these risks were to materialize it could have a material adverse effect on the operations, 
financial condition and prospects of the Group.
The Group considered these circumstances in its assessment of the recoverability of the cash-generating unit 
that supports Santander UK's goodwill, which was impaired during 2020 and 2019. 
2. Risks Relating to the Issuer and the Group Business
Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks to the business model of the Group.
The Group is exposed to risk of loss from legal and regulatory proceedings.
The Group faces risk of loss from legal and regulatory proceedings, including tax proceedings, that could 
subject it to monetary judgements, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and penalties. The current regulatory 
and tax enforcement environment in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates reflects an increased 
supervisory focus on enforcement, combined with uncertainty about the evolution of the regulatory regime, and 
may lead to material operational and compliance costs.
The Group is from time to time subject to regulatory investigations and civil and tax claims, and party to certain 
legal proceedings incidental to the normal course of its business, including in connection with conflicts of 
interest, lending securities and derivatives activities, relationships with its employees and other commercial or 
tax matters. In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of legal matters, particularly where the 
claimants seek very large or indeterminate damages, or where the cases present novel legal theories, involve a 
large number of parties or are in the early stages of investigation or discovery, the Group cannot state with 
certainty what the eventual outcome of these pending matters will be or what the eventual loss, fines or penalties 
related to each pending matter may be. 
The amount of the Group's reserves in respect of these matters is substantially less than the total amount of the 
claims asserted against it, and, in light of the uncertainties involved in such claims and proceedings, there is no 
assurance that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not significantly exceed the reserves currently 
accrued by the Group. As a result, the outcome of a particular matter may be material to its operating results for 
a particular period. As of 31 December 2020, the Group had provisions for taxes, other legal contingencies and 
other provisions for €4,425 million. 
The Group is subject to extensive regulation and regulatory and governmental oversight which could 
adversely affect its business, operations and financial condition. 
As a financial institution, the Group is subject to extensive regulation, which materially affects its businesses. 
In Spain and the other jurisdictions where the Group operates, there is continuing political, competitive and

--- Page 21 ---
21
regulatory scrutiny of the banking industry. Political involvement in the regulatory process, in the behaviour 
and governance of the banking sector and in the major financial institutions in which the local governments 
have a direct financial interest and in their product and services, and the prices and other terms they apply to 
them, is likely to continue. Therefore, the statutes, regulations and policies to which the Group is subject may 
be therefore changed at any time. In addition, the interpretation and the application by regulators of the laws 
and regulations to which the Group is subject may also change from time to time. Extensive legislation and 
implementing regulation affecting the financial services industry has recently been adopted in regions that 
directly or indirectly affect the Group's business, including Spain, the United States, the EU, the UK, Latin 
America and other jurisdictions, and further regulations are in the process of being implemented. The manner 
in which those laws and related regulations are applied to the operations of financial institutions is still evolving. 
Moreover, to the extent these regulations are implemented inconsistently in the various jurisdictions in which 
the Group operates, it may face higher compliance costs. Any legislative or regulatory actions and any required 
changes to its business operations resulting from such legislation and regulations, as well as any deficiencies in 
its compliance with such legislation and regulation, could result in significant loss of revenue, limit the ability
of the Group to pursue business opportunities in which the Group might otherwise consider engaging and 
provide certain products and services, affect the value of assets that it holds, require the Group to increase its
prices and therefore reduce demand for its products, impose additional compliance and other costs on the Group
or otherwise adversely affect its businesses. 
In particular, legislative or regulatory actions resulting in enhanced prudential standards, in particular with 
respect to capital and liquidity, could impose a significant regulatory burden on the Bank or on its subsidiaries 
and could limit the Bank subsidiaries' ability to distribute capital and liquidity, thereby negatively impacting 
the Bank. Future liquidity standards could require the Bank to maintain a greater proportion of its assets in 
highly-liquid but lower-yielding financial instruments, which would negatively affect its net interest margin. 
Moreover, the regulatory and supervisory authorities of the Bank, periodically review the allowance for its loan 
losses. 
Such regulators may recommend the Bank to increase its allowance for loan losses or to recognize further 
losses. Any such additional provisions for loan losses, as recommended by these regulatory agencies, whose 
views may differ from those of the Bank's management, could have an adverse effect on its earnings and 
financial condition. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that future changes in regulations or in their 
interpretation or application will not adversely affect the Group.
The wide range of regulations, actions and proposals which most significantly affect, or which could most 
significantly affect, the Group in the future, relate to capital requirements, funding and liquidity and 
development of a fiscal and banking union in the EU, which are discussed in further detail below. Moreover, 
there is uncertainty regarding the future of financial reforms in the United States and the impact that potential 
financial reform changes to the U.S. banking system may have on ongoing international regulatory proposals. 
In general, regulatory reforms adopted or proposed in the wake of the financial crisis have increased and may 
continue to materially increase the Group's operating costs and negatively impact the Group's business model. 
Furthermore, regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in how to regulate banks, and this discretion, 
and the means available to the regulators, have been increasing during recent years. Regulation may be imposed 
on an ad hoc basis by governments and regulators in response to a crisis, and these may especially affect 
financial institutions such as the Group that are deemed to be a global systemically important institution (“G-
SII”). The main regulations and regulatory and governmental oversight that can adversely impact the Group
include but are not limited to the items below. 
Increasingly stricter capital regulations and potential requirements could have an impact on the 
functioning of the Group and its businesses
Increasingly onerous capital requirements constitute one of the Bank's main regulatory challenges. Increasing 
capital requirements may adversely affect the Bank's profitability and create regulatory risk associated with the 
possibility of failure to maintain required capital levels.
In 2011, the framework known as Basel III, which is a full set of reform measures to strengthen the regulation, 
supervision and risk management of the banking sector, was introduced (see “Regulation—Capital, liquidity 
and funding requirements”). This aimed to boost the banking sector's ability to absorb impacts caused by 
financial and economic stress, improve risk management and corporate governance, and improve banking 
transparency and disclosures. Concerning capital, Basel III redefines available capital at financial institutions 
(including new deductions and raising the requirements for eligible equity instruments), tightens the minimum

--- Page 22 ---
22
capital requirements, compels financial institutions to operate permanently with surplus capital (capital 
“buffers”), and includes new requirements for the risks considered.
The amendments to the solvency requirements of credit institutions and various transparency regulations, from 
the practical standpoint, grant priority to high-quality capital (Common Equity Tier 1 or “CET1”), introducing 
stricter eligibility criteria and more stringent ratios, in a bid to guarantee higher standards of capital adequacy 
in the financial sector.
The ECB is required under Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 conferring specific 
tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions (the “SSM 
Regulation”) to carry out a supervisory review and evaluation process (the “SREP”) at least on an annual basis. 
In connection with this, the Issuer announced on 11 December 2019 that it had received from the ECB its 
decision regarding prudential minimum capital requirements as of 1 January 2020, following the results of 
SREP (the “2019 SREP Decision”). The 2019 SREP Decision required the Bank to maintain a CET1 capital 
ratio of at least 9.7 per cent. on a consolidated basis. The 9.7 per cent. CET1 capital requirement includes: the 
minimum Pillar 1 requirement (4.5 per cent.); the Pillar 2 requirement (1.5 per cent.); the capital conservation 
buffer (2.5 per cent.); the requirement deriving from its consideration as a G-SII (1.0 per cent.) and the counter-
cyclical buffer (0.2 per cent.). The ECB decision also requires that the Bank maintains a CET1 capital ratio of 
at least 8.6 per cent. on an individual basis. On 24 November 2020, the Bank received from the ECB a letter 
regarding the SREP for 2020. In line with the EBA statement on additional supervisory measures in the covid-
19 pandemic of 22 April 2020, the ECB has adopted a pragmatic approach towards the SREP for the 2020 cycle, 
which focuses on the ability of the supervised entities to handle the challenges of the covid-19 crisis and its 
impact on their current and prospective risk profile. The letter is not a supervisory measure, does not amend or 
supersede the 2019 SREP Decision, and consequently confirms that the requirements established therein 
continue to apply, including, in particular, the capital requirements. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
CET1 applicable capital requirement is of at least 8.85 per cent. on a consolidated basis, which includes: the 
minimum Pillar 1 requirement (4.5 per cent.); the Pillar 2 requirement (which is now 0.84 per cent., due to the 
capital relief measures adopted by the ECB in March 2020 by which banks are now allowed to partially use 
Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments to meet the Pillar 2 requirements); the capital conservation buffer (2.5 
per cent.); the requirement deriving from its consideration of the Bank as a G-SII (1.0 per cent.) and the counter-
cyclical buffer currently applicable (0.01 per cent.). As of 31 December 2020, the Bank's total capital ratio was 
16.18 per cent. on a consolidated basis while its CET1 capital ratio was 12.34 per cent. on a consolidated basis 
(data calculated using the IFRS 9 transitional arrangements. Had the IFRS 9 transitional arrangement not been 
applied, the total impact on the CET1 ratio would have been 45 bps.). See “Regulation—Capital, liquidity and 
funding requirements” for additional information.
In addition, the Bank shall comply with the TLAC/MREL Requirements (as defined in section “Regulation –
EU Banking Reforms”). The Bank announced on 28 November 2019 that it had received formal notification 
from the Bank of Spain of its binding minimum TLAC/MREL Requirements, both total and subordinated, for 
the resolution group of Banco Santander at a sub-consolidated level, as determined by the SRB (as defined 
below). The total TLAC/MREL Requirement has been set at 16.81 per cent. of the resolution group's total 
liabilities and own funds, which as a reference of the resolution group's risk weighted assets at 31 December 
2017 would be 28.60 per cent. and is equivalent to an amount at 31 December 2017 of €108,631.8 million. The 
subordination requirement has been set at 11.48 per cent. of the resolution group's total liabilities and own 
funds, which as a reference of this resolution group's risk weighted assets at 31 December 2017 would be 19.53 
per cent. and is equivalent to an amount at 31 December 2017 of €74,187.57 million. These requirements apply 
since 1 January 2020. According to the Bank's estimates, the resolution group complies with this total 
TLAC/MREL Requirements and the subordination requirement. Future requirements are subject to ongoing 
review by the resolution authority.
In this regard, there can be no assurance that the application of the existing regulatory requirements, standards 
or recommendations will not require the Bank to issue additional securities that qualify as own funds or eligible 
liabilities, to maintain a greater proportion of its assets in highly-liquid but lower-yielding financial instruments, 
to liquidate assets, to curtail business or to take any other actions, any of which may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, results of operations and/or financial position.
Any failure by the Bank and/or the Group to maintain its Pillar 1 minimum regulatory capital ratios and any 
Pillar 2 additional capital requirements could result in administrative actions or sanctions (including restrictions 
on Discretionary Payments, as defined in section “Regulation – EU Banking Reforms”), which, in turn, may 
have a material adverse impact on the Group's results of operations.

--- Page 23 ---
23
Moreover, it should not be disregarded that new and more demanding additional regulatory requirements, 
standards or recommendations may be applied in the future.
All the applicable regulations and the approval of any other regulatory requirements could have an adverse 
effect on the Group's activities and operations, and most particularly affect the ability of the Bank to distribute 
dividends. Therefore, these regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of 
operations and/or financial position.
See “Regulation—Capital, liquidity and funding requirements” for additional information.
The acquisition of Banco Popular has given rise to a wide range of litigation or other claims being filed 
that could have a material adverse effect on the Group.
The acquisition of Banco Popular, S.A. (“Banco Popular”) by Banco Santander took place in execution of the 
resolution of the Steering Committee of the Spanish banking resolution authority (“FROB”) of 7 June 2017, 
which adopted the measures required to implement the decision of the European banking resolution authority 
(the “Single Resolution Board” or “SRB”) for resolving Banco Popular. 
Banco Popular's declaration of resolution, the cancellation and conversion of its capital instruments, and the 
subsequent transfer to Banco Santander of the shares resulting from that conversion through the resolution tool 
of selling the entity's business, all under the rules of the single resolution framework indicated above, have no 
precedent in Spain nor in any other EU member state. As a result, appeals, claims and actions have been filed 
against the resolutions of the SRB and the FROB and against Banco Santander (previously, also against Banco 
Popular and other Group entities) related to the acquisition of Banco Popular. 
Additionally, since the acquisition of Banco Popular by Banco Santander, multiple affected parties have filed 
several claims and may file new claims in the future. It is not possible to predict the total amount of claims that 
could be presented by the former holders of shares and capital instruments (derived from the acquisition by 
investors of those shares and capital instruments of Banco Popular before the resolution, including in particular, 
and without limitation, the shares acquired in the context of the capital increase with pre-emptive subscription 
rights carried out in 2016), nor their economic implications (especially considering that the resolution decision 
in application of the new regulations is unprecedented, and that it is possible that future claims may not specify 
a specific amount, may allege new legal interpretations of the regulations, or involve a large number of parties).
The estimated cost of potential compensation to Banco Popular shareholders and bondholders recorded in the 
2017 financial statements amounted to €680 million, of which €535 million were applied to the fidelity action. 
The provisions recorded are deemed sufficient to cover the risks associated with the legal claims that are taking 
place today. However, in the event that the Group is required to make additional payments, either with respect 
to claims already made with undetermined amounts, or any new claims, there could be a significant adverse 
effect on its results and financial situation.
Likewise, the Spanish Central Court No. 4 is currently conducting preliminary proceedings 42/2017, which are 
investigating, among other things, (i) the veracity of the prospectus in connection with the capital increase with 
pre-emptive subscription rights that was carried out by Banco Popular in 2016; and (ii) the alleged manipulation 
in the share price of Banco Popular until the entity's resolution in June 2017. In this proceeding, Banco 
Santander could have possible subsidiary civil liability. 
The Group is subject to potential action by any of its regulators or supervisors, particularly in response 
to customer complaints.  
As noted above, the business and operations of the Group are subject to increasingly significant rules and 
regulations that are required to conduct banking and financial services business. These apply to business 
operations, affect financial returns, include reserve and reporting requirements, and prudential and conduct of 
business regulations. These requirements are set by the relevant central banks and regulatory authorities that 
authorize, regulate and supervise the Group in the jurisdictions in which it operates.
In their supervisory roles, the regulators seek to maintain the safety and soundness of financial institutions with 
the aim of strengthening the protection of customers and the financial system. The supervisors' continuing 
supervision of financial institutions is conducted through a variety of regulatory tools, including the collection 
of information by way of prudential returns, reports obtained from skilled persons, visits to firms and regular 
meetings with management to discuss issues such as performance, risk management and strategy. In general, 
these regulators have a more outcome-focused regulatory approach that involves more proactive enforcement

--- Page 24 ---
24
and more punitive penalties for infringement. As a result, the Group faces increased supervisory scrutiny 
(resulting in increasing internal compliance costs and supervision fees), and in the event of a breach of its
regulatory obligations the Group is likely to face more stringent regulatory fines. Some of the regulators are 
focusing intently on consumer protection and on conduct risk and will continue to do so. This has included a 
focus on the design and operation of products, the behaviour of customers and the operation of markets. Such 
a focus could result, for example, in usury regulation that could restrict the ability of the Group to charge certain 
levels of interest in credit transactions or in regulation that would prevent the Group from bundling products 
that it offers to its customers. Some of the laws in the relevant jurisdictions in which the Group operates, give 
the regulators the power to make temporary product intervention rules either to improve a firm's systems and 
controls in relation to product design, product management and implementation, or to address problems 
identified with financial products. These problems may potentially cause significant detriment to consumers 
because of certain product features or governance flaws or distribution strategies. Such rules may prevent 
institutions from entering into product agreements with customers until such problems have been solved. Some 
of the regulatory regimes in the relevant jurisdictions in which the Group operates, requires the Group to be in 
compliance across all aspects of its business, including the training, authorization and supervision of personnel, 
systems, processes and documentation. If it fails to comply with the relevant regulations, there would be a risk 
of an adverse impact on its business from sanctions, fines or other actions imposed by the regulatory authorities. 
Customers of financial services institutions, including Group's customers, may seek redress if they consider that 
they have suffered loss as a result of the mis-selling of a particular product, or through incorrect application of 
the terms and conditions of a particular product. Given the inherent unpredictability of litigation and the 
evolution of judgements by the relevant authorities, it is possible that an adverse outcome in some matters could 
harm the reputation of the Group or have a material adverse effect on its operating results, financial condition 
and prospects arising from any penalties imposed or compensation awarded, together with the costs of 
defending such an action, thereby reducing its profitability.  
The Group is subject to review by tax authorities, and an incorrect interpretation of tax laws and 
regulations by the Group may have a material adverse effect on it.
The preparation of the tax returns of the Group requires the use of estimates and interpretations of complex tax 
laws and regulations and is subject to review by tax authorities. The Group is subject to the income tax laws of 
Spain and the other jurisdictions in which it operates. These tax laws are complex and subject to different 
interpretations by the taxpayer and relevant governmental tax authorities, which are sometimes subject to 
prolonged evaluation periods until a final resolution is reached. In establishing a provision for income tax 
expense and filing returns, the Group must make judgements and interpretations about the application of these 
inherently complex tax laws. If the judgement, estimates and assumptions the Group uses in preparing its tax 
returns are subsequently found to be incorrect, there could be a material adverse effect on Group's results of 
operations. In some jurisdictions, the interpretations of the tax authorities are unpredictable and frequently 
involve litigation, which introduces further uncertainty and risk as to tax expense.
The Group may not be able to detect or prevent money laundering and other financial crime activities 
fully or on a timely basis, which could expose it to additional liability and could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group. 
The Group is required to comply with applicable anti-money laundering (“AML”), anti-terrorism, anti-bribery 
and corruption, sanctions and other laws and regulations applicable to it. These laws and regulations require the 
Group, among other things, to conduct full customer due diligence (including sanctions and politically-exposed 
person screening), keep its customer, account and transaction information up to date and have implemented 
financial crime policies and procedures detailing what is required from those responsible. The Group is also 
required to conduct AML training for its employees and to report suspicious transactions and activity to 
appropriate law enforcement following full investigation by Group's local AML team.
Financial crime has become the subject of enhanced regulatory scrutiny and supervision by regulators globally. 
AML, antiterrorism, anti-bribery and corruption and sanctions laws and regulations are increasingly complex 
and detailed. The Basel Committee is now introducing guidelines to strengthen the interaction and cooperation 
between prudential and AML or combating the financing of terrorism (“CFT”) supervisors. Compliance with 
these laws and regulations requires automated systems, sophisticated monitoring and skilled compliance 
personnel.
The Group maintains updated policies and procedures aimed at detecting and preventing the use of its banking 
network for money laundering and other financial crime related activities. However, emerging technologies,

--- Page 25 ---
25
such as cryptocurrencies and block-chain, could limit Group's ability to track the movement of funds. The
ability of the Group to comply with the legal requirements depends on its capacity to improve detection and 
reporting capabilities and reduce variation in control processes and oversight accountability. These require 
implementation and embedding within its business effective controls and monitoring, which in turn requires 
on-going changes to systems and operational activities. Financial crime is continually evolving and, as noted, 
is subject to increasingly stringent regulatory oversight and focus. This requires proactive and adaptable 
responses from the Group so that the Group is able to deter threats and criminality effectively. As a global bank, 
the Group is particularly exposed to this risk. Even known threats can never be fully eliminated, and there will 
be instances where the Group may be used by other parties to engage in money laundering and other illegal or 
improper activities. In addition, the Group relies heavily on its employees to assist the Group by spotting such 
activities and reporting them, and its employees have varying degrees of experience in recognizing criminal 
tactics and understanding the level of sophistication of criminal organizations. Where the Group outsources any 
of its customer due diligence, customer screening or anti financial crime operations, it remains responsible and 
accountable for full compliance and any breaches. If the Group is unable to apply the necessary scrutiny and 
oversight of third parties to whom it outsources certain tasks and processes, there remains a risk of regulatory 
breach.
If the Group is unable to fully comply with applicable laws, regulations and expectations, regulators and 
relevant law enforcement agencies have the ability and authority to impose significant fines and other penalties 
on the Group, including requiring a complete review of its business systems, day-to-day supervision by external 
consultants and ultimately the revocation of Group's banking license.
The reputational damage to the business of the Group and global brand would be severe if it were found to have 
breached AML, anti-terrorism, anti-bribery and corruption or sanctions requirements. Its reputation could also 
suffer if the Group is unable to protect its customers' bank products and services from being used by criminals 
for illegal or improper purposes.
The Brazilian Federal Public Prosecutor's Office, or “MPF,” has charged one of the Group's officers in 
connection with the alleged bribery of a Brazilian tax auditor to secure favourable decisions in tax cases 
resulting in a claimed R$83 million (approximately US$25 million) benefit to the Group. On 23 October 2018, 
the officer was formally indicted and asked to present his defence. On 5 November 2018 the officer in question 
presented his defence. The proceedings are currently in course. We are not a party to these proceedings. We 
have voluntarily provided information to the Brazilian authorities and have relinquished the benefit of certain 
tax credits to which the allegations relate in order to show good faith.
In addition, while the Group reviews its relevant counterparties' internal policies and procedures with respect 
to such matters, it, to a large degree, relies upon its relevant counterparties to maintain and properly apply their 
own appropriate compliance procedures and internal policies. Such measures, procedures and internal policies 
may not be completely effective in preventing third parties from using its (and its relevant counterparties') 
services as a conduit for illicit purposes (including illegal cash operations) without the Group's (and its relevant 
counterparties') knowledge. If the Group is associated with, or even accused of being associated with, breaches 
of AML, anti-bribery, anti-terrorism, or sanctions requirements the Group's reputation could suffer and/or it
could become subject to fines, sanctions and/or legal enforcement (including being added to 'black lists' that 
would prohibit certain parties from engaging in transactions with the Group), any one of which could have a 
material adverse effect on its operating results, financial condition and prospects.
Any such risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operating results, financial condition and 
prospects.
See - 'The Group is subject to extensive regulation and regulatory and governmental oversight which could 
adversely affect its business, operations and financial condition'.
Changes in taxes and other assessments may adversely affect the Group.
The legislatures and tax authorities in the tax jurisdictions in which the Group operates regularly enact reforms 
to the tax and other assessment regimes to which it and its customers are subject to. Such reforms include 
changes in tax rates and, occasionally, enactment of temporary taxes, the proceeds of which are earmarked for 
designated governmental purposes.

--- Page 26 ---
26
The effects of these changes and any other changes that result from enactment of additional tax reforms cannot 
be quantified and there can be no assurance that any such reforms would not have an adverse effect upon the
business of the Group.
Liquidity and Funding Risks
Liquidity and funding risks are inherent in the Group's business and could have a material adverse effect 
on it.
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group either does not have available sufficient financial resources to meet its
obligations as they fall due or can secure them only at excessive cost. This risk is inherent in any retail and 
commercial banking business and can be heightened by a number of enterprise-specific factors, including over-
reliance on a particular source of funding, changes in credit ratings or market-wide phenomena such as market 
dislocation, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. While the Group has in place liquidity management 
processes to seek to mitigate and control these risks as well as a model based on autonomous subsidiaries in 
terms of capital and liquidity which limits the possibility of contagion between the units of the Group, 
unforeseen systemic market factors make it difficult to eliminate completely these risks. Constraints in the 
supply of liquidity, including in inter-bank lending, could materially and adversely affect the cost of funding of 
the Group's business, and extreme liquidity constraints may affect its current operations and its ability to fulfil 
regulatory liquidity requirements, as well as limit growth possibilities.
The cost of the Group to obtain funding is directly related to prevailing interest rates and to its credit spreads. 
Increases in interest rates and/or in its credit spreads can significantly increase the cost of its funding. Credit 
spreads variations are market-driven and may be influenced by market perceptions of creditworthiness of the 
Group. Changes in interest rates and in the credit spreads of the Group occur continuously and may be 
unpredictable and highly volatile.
The Group relies, and will continue to rely, primarily on retail deposits to fund lending activities. The ongoing 
availability of this type of funding is sensitive to a variety of factors beyond the Group's control, such as general 
economic conditions and the confidence of retail depositors in the economy and in the financial services 
industry, and the availability and extent of deposit guarantees, as well as competition for deposits between banks 
or with other products, such as mutual funds. Any of these factors could significantly increase the amount of 
retail deposit withdrawals in a short period of time, thereby reducing the ability of the Group to access retail 
deposit funding on appropriate terms, or at all, in the future. If these circumstances were to arise, this could 
have a material adverse effect on the operating results of the Group, financial condition and prospects.
Central banks have taken extraordinary measures to increase liquidity in the financial markets as a response to 
the financial crisis and the covid-19 crisis. If current facilities were rapidly removed or significantly reduced, 
this could have an adverse effect on the ability of the Group to access liquidity and on the Group's funding 
costs.
Additionally, the activities of the Group could be adversely impacted by liquidity tensions arising from 
generalized drawdowns of committed credit lines to the customers of the Group.
Santander cannot assure that in the event of a sudden or unexpected shortage of funds in the banking system, 
the Group will be able to maintain levels of funding without incurring high funding costs, a reduction in the 
term of funding instruments or the liquidation of certain assets. If this were to happen, the Group could be 
materially adversely affected. 
Finally, the implementation of internationally accepted liquidity ratios might require changes in business 
practices that affect the profitability of the Group. The liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”) is a liquidity standard 
that measures if banks have sufficient high-quality liquid assets to cover expected net cash outflows over a 30-
day liquidity stress period. At 31 December 2020, the LCR ratio of the Group was 168 per cent., above the 100
per cent. minimum requirement. The net stable funding ration (“NSFR”) provides a sustainable maturity 
structure of assets and liabilities such that banks maintain a stable funding profile in relation to their activities. 
At the end of 2020, the NSFR ratio of the Group stood at 120 per cent. for the Group and over 100 per cent. for 
all of the Group's main subsidiaries.
Credit, market and liquidity risk may have an adverse effect on the credit ratings of the Group and its cost 
of funds. Any downgrade in the credit rating of the Group would likely increase its cost of funding, require

--- Page 27 ---
27
the Group to post additional collateral or take other actions under some of its derivative and other 
contracts and adversely affect its interest margins and results of operations.
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which the Group is able to obtain funding. Rating agencies 
regularly evaluate the Group, and their ratings of its debt are based on a number of factors, including its financial 
strength and conditions affecting the financial services industry. In addition, due to the methodology of the main 
rating agencies, the credit rating of the Group is affected by the rating of Spanish sovereign debt. If Spain's 
sovereign debt is downgraded, the credit rating of the Group would also likely be downgraded by an equivalent 
amount. 
Any downgrade in the Group's debt credit ratings would likely increase its borrowing costs and require the 
Group to post additional collateral or take other actions under some of its derivative and other contracts, and 
could limit the Group's access to capital markets and adversely affect its commercial business. For example, a 
ratings downgrade could adversely affect the ability of the Group to sell or market some of its products, engage 
in certain longer-term and derivatives transactions and retain the Group's customers, particularly customers who 
need a minimum rating threshold in order to invest. In addition, under the terms of certain of the derivative 
contracts and other financial commitments of the Group, the Group may be required to maintain a minimum 
credit rating or terminate such contracts or require the posting of collateral. Any of these results of a ratings 
downgrade could reduce the liquidity of the Group and have an adverse effect on it, including on its operating 
results and financial condition. 
The Group has the following ratings by the major rating agencies:
Rating agency
Long
Short
Last report 
date
Outlook
Banco Santander
Fitch Ratings (1)
A-
F2
October 2020
Negative
Moody's (2)
A2
P-1
October 2020
Stable
Standard & Poor's (3)
A
A-1
December 
2020
Negative
DBRS (4)
A (High)
R-1 (Medium)
October 2020
Stable
Santander UK plc
Fitch Ratings (1)
A+
F1
September 
2020
Negative
Moody's (2)
A1
P-1
October 2020
Stable
Standard & Poor's (3)
A
A-1
June 2020
Negative
Banco Santander (Brasil), S.A.
Moody's (2)
Ba1
-
December 
2020
Stable
Standard & Poor's (3)
BB-
B
August 2020
Stable
(1)
Fitch Ratings España, S.A.U. (Fitch Ratings).
(2)
Moody's Investor Service Spain, S.A. (Moody's).
(3)
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (Standard & Poor's).
(4)
DBRS Ratings Limited (DBRS).
The Group conducts substantially all of its material derivative activities through Banco Santander and Santander 
UK. The Group estimates that as of 31 December 2020, if all the rating agencies were to downgrade Banco 
Santander's long-term senior debt ratings by one notch the Group would be required to post up to €85 million 
in additional collateral pursuant to derivative and other financial contracts. A hypothetical two-notch downgrade

--- Page 28 ---
28
would result in a further requirement to post up to €258 million in additional collateral. The Group estimates
that as of 31 December 2020, if all the rating agencies were to downgrade Santander UK's long-term credit 
ratings by one notch, and thereby trigger a short-term credit rating downgrade, this could result in contractual 
outflows from Santander UK's total liquid assets of GBP 1.5 billion of cash and additional collateral that 
Santander UK would be required to post under the terms of secured funding and derivatives contracts. A 
hypothetical two-notch downgrade would result in a further outflow of GBP 1.9 billion of cash and collateral 
under secured funding and derivatives contracts.
While certain potential impacts of these downgrades are contractual and quantifiable, the full consequences of 
a credit rating downgrade are inherently uncertain, as they depend upon numerous dynamic, complex and inter-
related factors and assumptions, including market conditions at the time of any downgrade, whether any 
downgrade of the Group's long-term credit rating precipitates downgrades to its short-term credit rating, and 
assumptions about the potential behaviours of various customers, investors and counterparties. Actual outflows 
could be higher or lower than the preceding hypothetical examples, depending upon certain factors including 
which credit rating agency downgrades the credit rating of the Group, any management or restructuring actions 
that could be taken to reduce cash outflows and the potential liquidity impact from loss of unsecured funding 
(such as from money market funds) or loss of secured funding capacity. Although unsecured and secured 
funding stresses are included in the stress testing scenarios of the Group and a portion of its total liquid assets 
is held against these risks, a credit rating downgrade could still have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
In addition, if the Group were required to cancel its derivatives contracts with certain counterparties and were 
unable to replace such contracts, the market risk profile of the Group could be altered. 
There can be no assurance that the rating agencies will maintain the current ratings or outlooks. In general, the 
future evolution of the Group's ratings is linked, to a large extent, to the macroeconomic outlook and to the 
impact of the covid-19 pandemic (including, for example, a new wave, new lockdowns, etc.) on the asset quality, 
profitability and capital of the Group. Failure to maintain favourable ratings and outlooks could increase the
cost of funding of the Group and adversely affect interest margins, which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group.
Credit Risks 
The credit quality of the loan portfolio of the Group may deteriorate and the Group's loan loss reserves 
could be insufficient to cover its loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group.
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties 
are inherent to a wide range of the businesses of the Group. Non-performing or low credit quality loans have in 
the past negatively impacted the Group's results of operations and could do so in the future. In particular, the 
amount of the reported non-performing loans of the Group may increase in the future as a result of growth in 
the Group's total loan portfolio, including as a result of loan portfolios that the Group may acquire in the future 
(the credit quality of which may turn out to be worse than it had anticipated), or factors beyond the Group's 
control, such as adverse changes in the credit quality of its borrowers and counterparties or a general 
deterioration in economic conditions in the regions where the Group operates or in global economic and 
political conditions, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. In response to covid-19, with the purpose 
of helping the customers of the Group from the credit perspective and foster their economic resilience, the 
Group has implemented several actions, including (i) providing liquidity and credit facilities to customers 
facing hardship; (ii) granting payment deferrals in outstanding loans under the EBA Guidelines on moratoria; 
(iii) focus credit risk management on those economic sectors more affected by the pandemic; (iv) focus on the 
collections & recoveries readiness across the Group; and (v) quantifying the provisions overlay on the expected 
credit losses as a result of the macroeconomic shock. If the Group was unable to control the level of its non-
performing or poor credit quality loans, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group.
The loan loss reserves of the Group are based on its current assessment of and expectations concerning various
factors affecting the quality of its loan portfolio. These factors include, among other things, the financial 
condition of the borrowers of the Group, repayment abilities and repayment intentions, the realizable value of 
any collateral, the prospects for support from any guarantor, government macroeconomic policies, interest rates 
and the legal and regulatory environment. Because many of these factors are beyond the Group's control and 
there is no infallible method for predicting loan and credit losses, the Group cannot assure that its current or 
future loan loss reserves will be sufficient to cover actual losses. If the Group's assessment of and expectations 
concerning the above mentioned factors differ from actual developments, if the quality of its total loan portfolio 
deteriorates, for any reason, or if the future actual losses exceed the estimates of expected losses of the Group,

--- Page 29 ---
29
it may be required to increase its loan loss reserves, which may adversely affect the Group. Additionally, in 
calculating the Group's loan loss reserves, the Group employs qualitative tools and statistical models which 
may not be reliable in all circumstances and which are dependent upon data that may not be complete. For 
further details regarding the risk management policies of the Group, see risk factor entitled 'Failure to 
successfully implement and continue to improve the risk management policies of the Group, procedures and 
methods, including its credit risk management system, could materially and adversely affect it, and the Group 
may be exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks'.
On 31 December 2020, the credit risk of the Group (which includes gross loans and advances to customers, 
guarantees and documentary credits) amounted to €989,456 million (compared to €1,016,507 million as of 31 
December 2019).
The loan portfolio of the Group is mainly located in Europe (in particular, Spain and the UK), North America 
(in particular, the United States) and South America (in particular, Brazil). At 31 December 2020, Europe 
accounted for 74 per cent. of the Group's total loan portfolio (Spain accounted for 21 per cent. of its total loan 
portfolio and the UK, where the loan portfolio consists primarily of residential mortgages, accounted for 28 per 
cent.), North America accounted for 13 per cent. (of which the United States represents 10 per cent. of its total 
loan portfolio) and South America accounted for 12 per cent. (Brazil represents 7 per cent. of its total loan 
portfolio). Accordingly, the recoverability of these loan portfolios in particular, and the ability of the Group to 
increase the amount of loans outstanding and its results of operations and financial condition in general, are 
dependent to a significant extent on the level of economic activity in Europe (in particular, Spain and the UK), 
North America and South America. 
Mortgage loans are one of the Group's principal assets, comprising 44 per cent. of its loan portfolio as of 31 
December 2020. The exposure of the Group is concentrated in residential mortgage loans, especially in Spain 
and the UK. If Spain or the UK returned to situations of economic stagnation, persistent housing oversupply, 
decreased housing demand, rising unemployment, subdued earnings growth, greater pressure on disposable 
income, a decline in the availability of mortgage finance or continued global markets volatility, home prices 
could decline, while mortgage delinquencies and forbearances could increase. At 31 December 2020, the NPL 
ratio of residential mortgage loans for the Group in Spain and the UK was 2.96 per cent. and 0.99 per cent., 
respectively.
At 31 December 2020 the total Group NPL ratio stood at 3.21 per cent. as compared to 3.32 per cent. at 31 
December 2019. Coverage as of 31 December 2020 was 76.4 per cent. as compared to 67.9 per cent. a year 
earlier. The Group can provide no assurance that the Group NPL ratio will not increase as a result of the 
aforementioned and other factors. High unemployment rates, coupled with declining real estate prices, could 
have a material adverse impact on the mortgage payment delinquency rates of the Group, which in turn could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss (net) 
in 2020 was €12,382 million, a 32 per cent. increase as compared to 2019 mainly due to expected credit losses 
arising from the covid-19 pandemic.
At 31 December 2020, the gross amount of the Group's refinancing and restructuring operations was €29,159 
million (3.1 per cent. of total gross loans and credits), of which €12,728 million have real estate collateral. At 
the same date, the net amount of non-current assets held for sale amounted €4,445 million; €4,081 million of 
which were foreclosed assets, with a coverage ratio of 48 per cent. on the gross amount of these assets.
The value of the collateral securing the loans of the Group may not be sufficient, and the Group may be 
unable to realize the full value of the collateral securing its loan portfolio. 
The value of the collateral securing the loan portfolio of the Group may fluctuate or decline due to factors 
beyond its control, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and macroeconomic factors affecting Europe, 
North American countries and South American countries. The value of the collateral securing its loan portfolio
may be adversely affected by force majeure events, such as natural disasters, particularly in locations where a 
significant portion of its loan portfolio is composed of real estate loans. The Group may also not have 
sufficiently recent information on the value of collateral, which may result in an inaccurate assessment for 
impairment losses of its loans secured by such collateral. If any of the above were to occur, the Group may need 
to make additional provisions to cover actual impairment losses of its loans, which may materially and adversely 
affect its results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 30 ---
30
At 31 December 2020, 44 per cent. of the Group's loans and advances to customers have property collateral 
while 21 per cent. have other types of collateral (securities, pledges and others).
In addition, auto industry technology changes, accelerated by environmental rules, could affect the auto 
consumer business of the Group in the EU and the United States (the “US”), particularly residual values of 
leased vehicles, which could have a material adverse effect on its operating results, financial condition and 
prospects.
The Group is subject to counterparty risk in its banking business.
The Group is exposed to counterparty risk in addition to credit risks associated with lending activities. 
Counterparty risk may arise from, for example, investing in securities of third parties, entering into derivative 
contracts under which counterparties have obligations to make payments to the Group or executing securities, 
futures, currency or commodity trades from proprietary trading activities that fail to settle at the required time 
due to non-delivery by the counterparty or systems failure by clearing agents, clearing houses or other financial 
intermediaries. 
The Group routinely transacts with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and 
dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual funds, hedge funds and other institutional clients. 
Defaults by, and even rumours or questions about the solvency of, certain financial institutions and the financial 
services industry generally have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by 
other institutions. Many of the routine transactions the Group enters into expose it to significant credit risk in 
the event of default by one of its significant counterparties. 
Market Risks 
The Group's financial results are constantly exposed to market risk. The Group is subject to fluctuations 
in interest rates and other market risks, which may materially and adversely affect the Group and its 
profitability.
The covid-19 pandemic has caused high market volatility which may materially and adversely affect the Group 
and its trading and banking book. 
Market risk refers to the probability of variations in the Group's interest income / (charges) or in the market 
value of its assets and liabilities due to volatility of interest rate, inflation, exchange rate or equity price. Changes 
in interest rates affect the following areas, among others, of the business of the Group:

interest income / (charges);

the volume of loans originated;

credit spreads;

the market value of its securities holdings; 

the value of its loans and deposits; and

the value of its derivatives transactions.
Interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Group's control, including increased regulation of the 
financial sector, monetary policies and domestic and international economic and political conditions. Variations 
in interest rates could affect the interest earned on the assets and the interest paid on the borrowings of the 
Group, thereby affecting its interest income / (charges), which comprises the majority of its revenue, reducing 
the growth rate of the Group and potentially resulting in losses. In addition, costs in which the Group incurs as 
it implements strategies to reduce interest rate exposure could increase in the future (which, in turn, will impact 
the results of the Group).
Increases in interest rates may reduce the volume of loans that the Group originates. Sustained high interest 
rates have historically discouraged customers from borrowing and have resulted in increased delinquencies in 
outstanding loans and deterioration in the quality of assets. Increases in interest rates may reduce the value of 
the financial assets of the Group and may reduce gains or require the Group to record losses on sales of its loans 
or securities.

--- Page 31 ---
31
Due to the historically low interest rate environment in the eurozone, in the UK and in the US in recent years, 
the rates on many of the interest-bearing deposit products of the Group have been priced at or near zero or 
negative, limiting its ability to further reduce rates and thus negatively impacting its margins. If the current low 
interest rate environment in the eurozone, in the UK and in the US persists in the long run, it may be difficult 
to increase the interest income / (charges) of the Group, which will impact its results.
The Group is also exposed to foreign exchange rate risk as a result of mismatches between assets and liabilities 
denominated in different currencies. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between currencies may negatively affect 
the earnings and value of the assets and securities of the Group. 
The Group is also exposed to equity price risk in its investments in equity securities in the banking book and in 
the trading portfolio. The performance of financial markets may cause changes in the value of its investment 
and trading portfolios. The volatility of world equity markets due to the continued economic uncertainty and 
sovereign debt crisis has had a particularly strong impact on the financial sector. Continued volatility may affect 
the value of the investments of the Group in equity securities and, depending on their fair value and future 
recovery expectations, could become a permanent impairment which would be subject to write-offs against its 
results. 
Variations in the interest income / (charges) of the Group
At 31 December 2020, risk on net interest income over a one year period, measured as the sensitivity to parallel 
changes in the worst-case scenario of ± 100 basis points, was concentrated in Europe in the euro, at €191
million; the Polish zloty, at €66 million; the British pound at €25 million; and the US dollar, at €19 million, all 
related to risks of rate cuts. In North America the risk was mainly located in the US (€61 million) while in South 
America it was mainly found in Chile (€80 million) and Brazil (€68 million).
Variations in the market value of the assets and liabilities of the Group
The market risk in relation to the change in the market value of the assets and liabilities of the Group refers to 
the loss of value of assets or increase in the value of liabilities due to fluctuations in their prices in the markets 
where those assets or liabilities are traded, or even if not traded, in the value that a third party outside the Group 
would be willing to offer in a hypothetical transaction.
The standard methodology that the Group applies for risk management is Value at Risk (VaR), which measures 
the maximum expected loss within a certain confidence level and time frame. 
In relation to structural balance sheet risks:

At 31 December 2020, the maximum expected loss in the value of assets and liabilities due to 
variations in interest rate was €345.5 million (€629.7 million and €319.5 million at 31 December 
2019 and 2018, respectively), measured with a VaR confidence level of 99 per cent. and a 
temporary horizon of one day.

At 31 December 2020, the maximum expected loss in the value of assets and liabilities due to 
variations in exchange rate was €502.6 million (€331.7 million and €324.9 million at 31 December 
2019 and 2018, respectively), measured with a VaR confidence level of 99 per cent. and a 
temporary horizon of one day.

At 31 December 2020, the maximum expected loss in the value of assets and liabilities due to 
variations in equity portfolio was €318.5 million (€169.8 million and €180.1 million at 31 
December 2019 and 2018, respectively), measured with a VaR confidence level of 99 per cent. and 
a temporary horizon of one day.
In relation to the trading portfolio, the Santander Corporate & Investment Banking segment VaR closed 
December 2020 with €8.3 million.
If any of these risks were to materialize, net interest income or the market value of the Group's assets and 
liabilities could suffer a material adverse impact.
The Group is subject to market, operational and other related risks associated with its derivative 
transactions that could have a material adverse effect on the Group.

--- Page 32 ---
32
The Group enters into derivative transactions for trading purposes as well as for hedging purposes. The Group
is subject to market, credit and operational risks associated with these transactions, including basis risk (the risk 
of loss associated with variations in the spread between the asset yield and the funding and/or hedge cost) and 
credit or default risk (the risk of insolvency or other inability of the counterparty to a particular transaction to 
perform its obligations thereunder, including providing sufficient collateral). 
Market practices and documentation for derivative transactions differ by country. In addition, the execution and 
performance of these transactions depend on the ability of the Group to maintain adequate control and 
administration systems. Moreover, its ability to adequately monitor, analyse and report derivative transactions 
continues to depend, largely, on its information technology systems. These factors further increase the risks 
associated with these transactions and could have a material adverse effect on the Group.
At 31 December 2020, the notional value of the trading derivatives in the books of the Group amounted to 
€5,830,329 million (with a market value of €67,137 million of debit balance and €64,469 million of credit 
balance).
At 31 December 2020, the nominal value of the hedging derivatives in the books of the Group within its 
financial risk management strategy and with the aim of reducing asymmetries in the accounting treatment of its 
operations amounted to €360,626 million (with market value of €8,325 million in assets and €6,869 million in 
liabilities).
Market conditions have resulted and could result in material changes to the estimated fair values of the 
Group's financial assets. Negative fair value adjustments could have a material adverse effect on its 
operating results, financial condition and prospects.
In the past, financial markets have been subject to significant stress resulting in steep falls in perceived or actual 
financial asset values, particularly due to volatility in global financial markets and the resulting widening of 
credit spreads, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. The Group has material exposures to securities, 
loans and other investments that are recorded at fair value and are therefore exposed to potential negative fair 
value adjustments. Asset valuations in future periods, reflecting then-prevailing market conditions, may result 
in negative changes in the fair values of the financial assets of the Group and these may also translate into 
increased impairments. In addition, the value ultimately realized by the Group on disposal may be lower than 
the current fair value. Any of these factors could require the Group to record negative fair value adjustments, 
which may have a material adverse effect on its operating results, financial condition or prospects.
In addition, to the extent that fair values are determined using financial valuation models, such values may be 
inaccurate or subject to change, as the data used by such models may not be available or may become 
unavailable due to changes in market conditions, particularly for illiquid assets, and particularly in times of 
economic instability. In such circumstances, its valuation methodologies require the Group to make 
assumptions, judgements and estimates in order to establish fair value, and reliable assumptions are difficult to 
make and are inherently uncertain and valuation models are complex, making them inherently imperfect 
predictors of actual results. Any consequential impairments or write-downs could have a material adverse effect 
on the operating results, financial condition and prospects of the Group.
Risks related to the industry of the Group
Goodwill impairments may be required in relation to acquired businesses.
The Group has made business acquisitions in recent years and may make further acquisitions in the future. It is 
possible that the goodwill which has been attributed, or may be attributed, to these businesses may have to be 
written-down if Group's valuation assumptions are required to be reassessed as a result of any deterioration in 
their underlying profitability, asset quality and other relevant matters. Impairment testing in respect of goodwill 
is performed annually, or more frequently if there are impairment indicators present, and comprises a 
comparison of the carrying amount of the cash-generating unit with its recoverable amount. Goodwill 
impairment does not, however, affect the regulatory capital of the Group. In 2019 the Group recognized an 
impairment of goodwill of €1,491 million in Santander UK. In 2020, considering the economic and business 
environment resulting from covid-19, the Group recognized an impairment of goodwill of €10,100 million (of 
which €6,101 million corresponded to Santander UK, €1,192 million to Santander Bank Polska, €1,177 million 
to Santander Bank, National Association, €1,153 million to Santander Consumer USA, and €277 million to 
Santander Consumer Nordics). 
Changes in the pension liabilities and obligations of the Group could have a material adverse effect on it.

--- Page 33 ---
33
The Group provides retirement benefits for many of its former and current employees through a number of 
defined benefit pension plans. The Group calculates the amount of its defined benefit obligations using actuarial 
techniques and assumptions, including mortality rates, the rate of increase of salaries, discount rates, inflation, 
the expected rate of return on plan assets, and others. The accounting and disclosures are based on IFRS-IASB 
and on those other requirements defined by the local supervisors. Given the nature of these obligations, changes 
in the assumptions that support valuations, including market conditions, can result in actuarial losses which 
would in turn impact the financial condition of the pension funds of the Group. Because pension obligations 
are generally long term obligations, fluctuations in interest rates have a material impact on the projected costs 
of its defined benefit obligations and therefore on the amount of pension expense that it accrues. 
Any increase in the current size of the funding deficit in the defined benefit pension plans of the Group could 
result in the Group having to make increased contributions to reduce or satisfy the deficits, which would divert 
resources from use in other areas of its business. Any such increase may be due to certain factors over which 
the Group has no or limited control. Increases in its pension liabilities and obligations could have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.
At 31 December 2020, the provision for pensions and other obligations of the Group amounted to €5,727 
million. 
The Group depends in part upon dividends and other funds from subsidiaries. 
Some of the operations of the Group are conducted through its financial services subsidiaries. As a result, its 
ability to pay dividends, to the extent the Group decides to do so, depends in part on the ability of its subsidiaries 
to generate earnings and to pay dividends. Payment of dividends, distributions and advances by the subsidiaries
of the Group will be contingent upon their earnings and business considerations and is or may be limited by 
legal, regulatory and contractual restrictions. For instance, the repatriation of dividends from its Argentinian
subsidiaries have been subject to certain restrictions. Currently, distribution of results is suspended until 30 June 
2021. Additionally, the right of the Group to receive any assets of any of its subsidiaries as an equity holder of 
such subsidiaries upon their liquidation or reorganization will be effectively subordinated to the claims of its 
subsidiaries' creditors, including trade creditors. The Group also has to comply with increased capital 
requirements, which could result in the imposition of restrictions or prohibitions on Discretionary Payments 
including the payment of dividends and other distributions to the Group by its subsidiaries. For instance, the 
ECB adopted on 27 March 2020 its Recommendation ECB 2020/19, recommending banks not to pay dividends 
or buy back shares during the covid-19 pandemic until at least 1 October 2020. On 28 July 2020, the ECB 
extended this recommendation until 1 January 2021. Lastly, on 15 December 2020, the ECB issued its 
recommendation 2020/35 on dividend distributions during the covid-19 pandemic and repealing its previous 
recommendation on this matter, by which it recommends that banks under the scope of its direct supervision 
exercise extreme prudence on dividends and share buy-backs. The ECB asked the banks to consider not 
distributing any cash dividends or conducting share buy-backs, or to limit such distributions until 30 September 
2021. Given the persisting uncertainty over the economic impact of the covid-19 pandemic, the ECB also 
considers that it would not be prudent for credit institutions to consider making a distribution and share buy-
backs amounting to more than 15 per cent. of their accumulated profit for the financial years 2019 and 2020, or 
more than 20 basis points in terms of the CET1 ratio, whichever is lower.  
In relation to the UK, on 31 March 2020, the Prudential Regulation Authority (the “PRA”) at the Bank of 
England sent a letter to Santander UK requesting to suspend the payment of dividends until the end of 2020. 
On 10 December 2020, the PRA published its statement on capital distributions by large UK banks, on which 
it stated that there was scope for banks to recommence some distributions should their boards choose to do so, 
within an appropriately prudent framework. In connection with full-year 2020 results, the PRA considers that 
distributions should not exceed the highest of 20 basis points of Risk Weight Assets (“RWAs”) at the end of 
2020 or 25 per cent. of cumulative eight-quarter profits covering 2019 and 2020 after deducting prior 
shareholder distributions over that period. Dividend income from Santander UK Group Holdings Ltd in 2020 
amounted to €186 million. 
To the extent that these recommendations, or other similar measures that may be taken by supervisors from 
other geographies, are applied by some of the subsidiaries of the Group, it could have a material adverse effect 
on its business, financial condition and results of operations.
At 31 December 2020, dividend income for Banco Santander, S.A. represented 49 per cent. of its total income.

--- Page 34 ---
34
Increased competition, including from non-traditional providers of banking services such as financial 
technology providers, and industry consolidation may adversely affect the results of operations of the 
Group.
The Group faces substantial competition in all parts of its business, including in payments, in originating loans 
and in attracting deposits. The competition in originating loans comes principally from other domestic and 
foreign banks, mortgage banking companies, consumer finance companies, insurance companies and other 
lenders and purchasers of loans. 
In addition, there has been a trend towards consolidation in the banking industry, which has created larger and 
stronger banks with which the Group must now compete. There can be no assurance that this increased 
competition will not adversely affect its growth prospects, and therefore its operations. The Group also faces
competition from non-bank competitors, such as brokerage companies, department stores (for some credit 
products), leasing and factoring companies, mutual fund and pension fund management companies and 
insurance companies.
Non-traditional providers of banking services, such as Internet based e-commerce providers, mobile telephone 
companies and Internet search engines may offer and/or increase their offerings of financial products and 
services directly to customers. These non-traditional providers of banking services currently have an advantage 
over traditional providers because they are not subject to banking regulation. Several of these competitors may 
have long operating histories, large customer bases, strong brand recognition and significant financial, 
marketing and other resources. They may adopt more aggressive pricing and rates and devote more resources 
to technology, infrastructure and marketing. 
New competitors may enter the market or existing competitors may adjust their services with unique product 
or service offerings or approaches to providing banking services. If the Group is unable to successfully compete 
with current and new competitors, or if it is unable to anticipate and adapt its offerings to changing banking 
industry trends, including technological changes, its business may be adversely affected. In addition, the failure
of the Group to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging technologies or changes in customer behaviour, 
including among younger customers, could delay or prevent its access to new digital-based markets, which 
would in turn have an adverse effect on its competitive position and business. Furthermore, the widespread 
adoption of new technologies, including distributed ledger, artificial intelligence and/or biometrics, to provide 
services such as cryptocurrencies and payments, could require substantial expenditures to modify or adapt the
existing products and services of the Group as it continues to grow its Internet and mobile banking capabilities. 
Its customers may choose to conduct business or offer products in areas that may be considered speculative or 
risky. Such new technologies and mobile banking platforms in recent years could negatively impact the value 
of the investments of the Group in bank premises, equipment and personnel for its branch network. The 
persistence or acceleration of this shift in demand towards Internet and mobile banking may necessitate changes 
to its retail distribution strategy, which may include closing and/or selling certain branches and restructuring 
the remaining branches and work force of the Group. These actions could lead to losses on these assets and may 
lead to increased expenditures to renovate, reconfigure or close a number of its remaining branches or to 
otherwise reform its retail distribution channel. Furthermore, if the Group fails to swiftly and effectively 
implement such changes to its distribution strategy could have an adverse effect its competitive position.
In particular, the Group faces the challenge to compete in an ecosystem where the relationship with the 
consumer is based on access to digital data and interactions. This access is increasingly dominated by digital 
platforms who are already eroding its results in very relevant markets such as payments. This privileged access 
to data can be used as a leverage to compete with the Group in other adjacent markets and may reduce its 
operations and margins in core businesses such as lending or wealth management. The alliances that its 
competitors are starting to build with Bigtechs can make it more difficult for the Group to successfully compete 
with them and could adversely affect it. 
Increasing competition could also require that the Group increases its rates offered on deposits or lower the 
rates it charges on loans, which could also have a material adverse effect on the Group, including its profitability. 
It may also negatively affect its business results and prospects by, among other things, limiting its ability to 
increase its customer base and expand its operations and increasing competition for investment opportunities.
If the customer service levels of the Group were perceived by the market to be materially below those of its 
competitor financial institutions, the Group could lose existing and potential business. If the Group is not 
successful in retaining and strengthening customer relationships, it may lose market share, incur losses on some

--- Page 35 ---
35
or all of its activities or fail to attract new deposits or retain existing deposits, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's operating results, financial condition and prospects.  
If the Group is unable to manage the growth of its operations or to integrate successfully its inorganic 
growth, this could have an adverse impact on its profitability.
The Group allocates management and planning resources to develop strategic plans for organic growth, and to 
identify possible acquisitions and disposals and areas for restructuring its businesses. From time to time, the 
Group evaluates acquisition and partnership opportunities that it believes offer additional value to its 
shareholders and are consistent with its business strategy. However, the Group may not be able to identify 
suitable acquisition or partnership candidates, and its ability to benefit from any such acquisitions and 
partnerships will depend in part on its successful integration of those businesses. Any such integration entails 
significant risks such as unforeseen difficulties in integrating operations and systems, unexpected liabilities or 
contingencies relating to the acquired businesses, including legal claims and delivery and execution risks. The 
Group can give no assurances that its expectations with regards to integration and synergies will materialize. It 
also cannot provide assurance that the Group will, in all cases, be able to manage its growth effectively or 
deliver its strategic growth objectives. Challenges that may result from its strategic growth decisions include 
the ability of the Group to:

manage efficiently the operations and employees of expanding businesses;

maintain or grow its existing customer base;

assess the value, strengths and weaknesses of investment or acquisition candidates, including local 
regulation that can reduce or eliminate expected synergies;

finance strategic investments or acquisitions;

align its current information technology systems adequately with those of an enlarged group;

apply its risk management policy effectively to an enlarged group; and

manage a growing number of entities without over-committing management or losing key 
personnel.
Any failure to manage growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on its operating results, financial 
condition and prospects. In addition, any acquisition or venture could result in the loss of key employees and 
inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies.
Moreover, the success of the acquisition or venture will at least in part be subject to a number of political, 
economic and other factors that are beyond the control of the Group. Any of these factors, individually or 
collectively, could have a material adverse effect on the Group.
The Group may not effectively manage risks associated with the replacement or reform of benchmark 
indices. 
Interest rate, equity, foreign exchange rate and other types of indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, 
including those in widespread and long-standing use, have been the subject of ongoing international, national 
and other regulatory scrutiny and initiatives and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective while others are still to be implemented or are under consideration. These reforms may cause 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences, which 
cannot be fully anticipated. 
Any of the benchmark reforms which have been proposed or implemented, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could also increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in 
the setting of such benchmarks and complying with regulations or requirements relating to them. Such factors 
may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain 
benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain benchmarks or lead to the 
disappearance of certain benchmarks.
Any of these developments, and any future initiatives to regulate, reform or change the administration of 
benchmarks, could result in adverse consequences to the return on, value of and market for loans, mortgages,

--- Page 36 ---
36
securities, derivatives and other financial instruments whose returns are linked to any such benchmark, 
including those issued, funded or held by Banco Santander.
Various regulators, industry bodies and other market participants in the US and other countries have worked to 
develop, introduce and encourage the use of alternative rates to replace certain benchmarks. A transition away 
from the widespread use of certain benchmarks to alternative rates has begun and will continue over the course 
of the next few years. There is no assurance that these new rates will be accepted or widely used by market 
participants, or that the characteristics of any of these new rates will be similar to, or produce the economic 
equivalent of, the benchmarks that they seek to replace. If a particular benchmark were to be discontinued and 
an alternative rate has not been successfully introduced to replace that benchmark, this could result in 
widespread dislocation in the financial markets, engender volatility in the pricing of securities, derivatives and 
other instruments, and suppress capital markets activities, all of which could have adverse effects on Banco 
Santander's results of operations. In addition, the transition of a particular benchmark to a replacement rate 
could affect hedge accounting relationships between financial instruments linked to that benchmark and any 
related derivatives, which could adversely affect Banco Santander's results.
On 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”), which regulates the 
London interbank offered rate (LIBOR), announced that the FCA will no longer persuade or compel banks to 
submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021. On 5 March 2021, the FCA announced 
the future cessation or loss of representativeness of the LIBOR benchmark settings currently published by ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited (“IBA”). Pursuant to the latest FCA announcement, publication of (i) all 
euro LIBOR and Swiss franc LIBOR settings, the spot next, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month Japanese yen 
LIBOR settings, the overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month sterling LIBOR settings, and the 1-week and 2-
month US dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 31 December 2021 and (ii) the overnight and 12-
month US dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 30 June 2023. In relation to the remaining LIBOR 
settings (that is, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month sterling, US dollar and Japanese yen LIBOR settings), the 
FCA will consult or continue to consider the case for using its proposed powers to require IBA to continue 
publishing these settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis, though publication of the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month 
Japanese yen LIBOR settings would cease permanently at the end of 2022. Nevertheless, the FCA confirmed 
that, even if it does require IBA to continue publishing any of these nine remaining LIBOR settings on a 
‘synthetic’ basis, such settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market and the economic 
reality that such settings are intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored. Therefore, after 
31 December 2021 (or 30 June 2023 in relation to the overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month US 
dollar LIBOR settings) all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer 
be representative.
The Bank of England is publishing a reformed Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA), comprised of a 
broader set of overnight Sterling money market transactions, which has been selected by the Working Group 
on Sterling Risk-Free Reference Rates as the alternative rate to Sterling LIBOR. In addition, the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York now publishes three reference rates based on overnight US Treasury repurchase agreement 
transactions, including the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), which has been recommended as the 
alternative to US dollar LIBOR. Furthermore, the European Money Market Institute (the “EMMI”) announced 
the discontinuation of the EONIA after 3 January 2022 and that from 2 October 2019 until its total 
discontinuation it will be replaced by the €STR plus a spread of 8.5 basis points. Many unresolved issues 
remain, such as the timing of the successor benchmarks' introduction and the transition of a particular 
benchmark to a replacement rate, which could result in widespread dislocation in the financial markets, 
engender volatility in the pricing of securities, derivatives and other instruments, and suppress capital markets 
activities. These and other reforms may cause benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be fully anticipated which introduces a number of risks for 
the Group. 
These risks include (i) legal risks arising from potential changes required to documentation for new and existing 
transactions; (ii) risk management, financial and accounting risks arising from market risk models and from 
valuation, hedging, discontinuation and recognition of financial instruments linked to benchmark rates; (iii) 
business risk of a decrease in revenues of products linked to indices that will be replaced; (iv) pricing risks 
arising from how changes to benchmark indices could impact pricing mechanisms on some instruments; (v) 
operational risks arising from the potential requirement to adapt IT systems, trade reporting infrastructure and 
operational processes; (vi) conduct risks arising from the potential impact of communication with customers 
and engagement during the transition period and (vii) litigation risks regarding the existing products of the 
Group and services, which could adversely impact its profitability. The replacement benchmarks and their

--- Page 37 ---
37
transition path have been defined, but the mechanisms for implementation are under development. Accordingly, 
it is not currently possible to determine whether, or to what extent, any such changes would affect the Group. 
However, the implementation of alternative benchmark rates may have a material adverse effect on the business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Group. The Group may also be adversely affected 
if the change restricts its ability to provide products and services or if it necessitates the development of 
additional IT systems.
Risk Management
Failure to successfully implement and continue to improve the risk management policies, procedures and 
methods of the Group, including its credit risk management system, could materially and adversely affect 
the Group, and it may be exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks.
The management of risk is an integral part of the activities of the Group. The Group seeks to monitor and 
manage its risk exposure through a variety of separate but complementary financial, credit, market, operational, 
compliance and legal reporting systems, among others. While the Group employs a broad and diversified set of 
risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, such techniques and strategies may not be fully effective in 
mitigating its risk exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risk, including risks 
that it may fail to identify or anticipate. 
Some of the qualitative tools and metrics of the Group for managing risk are based upon its use of observed 
historical market behaviour. The Group applies statistical and other tools to these observations to arrive at 
quantifications of its risk exposures. These qualitative tools and metrics may fail to predict future risk exposures. 
These risk exposures could, for example, arise from factors the Group did not anticipate or correctly evaluate 
in its statistical models. This would limit its ability to manage its risks. The losses of the Group thus could be 
significantly greater than the historical measures indicate. In addition, its quantified modelling does not take all 
risks into account.
The Group's more qualitative approach to managing those risks could prove insufficient, exposing it to material 
unanticipated losses. The Group could face adverse consequences as a result of decisions, which may lead to 
actions by management, based on models that are poorly developed, implemented or used, or as a result of the 
modelled outcome being misunderstood or the use of such information for purposes for which it was not 
designed. If existing or potential customers or counterparties believe the risk management of the Group is 
inadequate, they could take their business elsewhere or seek to limit their transactions with it. Any of these 
factors could have a material adverse effect on the reputation, operating results, financial condition and 
prospects of the Group.
As a retail bank, one of the main types of risks inherent to the business of the Group is credit risk. For example, 
an important feature of its credit risk management system is to employ an internal credit rating system to assess 
the particular risk profile of a customer. As this process involves detailed analyses of the customer, considering
both quantitative and qualitative factors, it is subject to human or IT systems errors. In exercising their 
judgement on current or future credit risk behaviour of the customers of the Group, its employees may not 
always be able to assign an accurate credit rating, which may result in its exposure to higher credit risks than 
indicated by the Group's risk rating system.
Some of the models and other analytical and judgement-based estimations the Group uses in managing risks 
are subject to review by, and require the approval of, regulators. If models do not comply with all their 
expectations, regulators may require the Group to make changes to such models, may approve them with 
additional capital requirements or it may be precluded from using them. Any of these possible situations could 
limit the ability of the Group to expand its businesses or have a material impact on its financial results
Failure to effectively implement, consistently monitor or continuously refine the credit risk management system
of the Group may result in an increase in the level of non-performing loans and a higher risk exposure for the 
Group, which could have a material adverse effect on it.
The board of directors of the Group is responsible for the approval of the Group's general policies and strategies, 
and in particular for the general risk policy. In addition to the executive committee, which maintains a special 
focus on risk, the board has a specific risk supervision, regulation and compliance committee. 
Technology Risks

--- Page 38 ---
38
Any failure to effectively improve or upgrade the information technology infrastructure and management 
information systems of the Group in a timely manner or any failure to successfully implement new 
cybersecurity and data privacy regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Group.
The ability of the Group to remain competitive depends in part on its ability to upgrade its information 
technology on a timely and cost-effective basis. It must continually make significant investments in, and 
improvements to, the information technology infrastructure of the Group in order to meet the needs of its 
customers. The Group cannot assure that in the future it will be able to maintain the level of capital expenditures 
necessary to support the continuous improvement and upgrading of its information technology infrastructure. 
To the extent that the Group is dependent upon any particular technology or technological solution, it may be 
harmed if such technology or technological solution becomes non-compliant with existing industry standards, 
fails to meet or exceed the capabilities of its competitors' equivalent technologies or technological solutions, 
becomes increasingly expensive to service, retain and update, becomes subject to third party claims of 
intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or other violation, or malfunctions or functions in a way 
the Group did not anticipate. Additionally, new technologies and technological solutions are continually being 
released. As such, it is difficult to predict the problems the Group may encounter in improving its technologies'
functionality. There is no assurance that the Group will be able to successfully adopt new technology as critical 
systems and applications become obsolete and better ones become available. Any failure to effectively improve 
or upgrade the information technology infrastructure and management information systems in a timely and cost-
efficient manner could have a material adverse effect on the Group.
In addition, several new and proposed laws, directives and regulations are defining how to manage 
cybersecurity and data protection risks, including with respect to the data breach reporting requirements and 
supervisory processes, among others. These regulations are quite fragmented in terms of definitions, scope and 
applicability. A failure to successfully implement all or some of these new local, state, national and international 
regulations, which in some cases have severe sanctions regimes, could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group.
Risks relating to data collection, processing and storage systems and security are inherent in the business
of the Group.
Like other financial institutions, the Group receives, manages, processes, holds and transmits proprietary and 
sensitive or confidential information, including personal information of customers and employees in the 
conduct of its banking operations, as well as a large number of assets. Accordingly, the business of the Group
depends on its ability to process a large number of transactions efficiently and accurately, and on its ability to 
rely on its digital technologies, computer and email services, software and networks, as well as on the secure 
processing, storage and transmission of confidential or sensitive personal data and other information using the 
computer systems and networks of the Group or those of its third party vendors. The proper and secure 
functioning of its financial controls, accounting and other data collection and processing systems is critical to 
its business and to its ability to compete effectively. Cybersecurity incidents and data losses can result from 
inadequate personnel, inadequate or failed internal control processes and systems, or from external events or 
actors that interrupt normal business operations.  The Group also faces the risk that the design of its 
cybersecurity controls and procedures prove to be inadequate or are circumvented such that its data and/or client 
records are incomplete, not recoverable or not securely stored. Any material disruption or slowdown of the 
systems of the Group could cause information, including data related to customer requests, to be lost or to be 
delivered to its clients with delays or errors, which could reduce demand for its services and products, could 
produce customer claims and could materially and adversely affect the Group.
Although the Group works with its clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties to 
develop secure data and information processing, storage and transmission capabilities to prevent against 
information security risk, the Group routinely manages personal, confidential and proprietary information by 
electronic means, and it may be the target of attempted cyber-attacks or subject to other information security 
incidents or breaches. This is especially applicable in the current response to the covid-19 pandemic and the 
shift the Group has experienced in having a significant part of its employees working from their homes for the 
time being, as its employees access its secure networks through their home networks. If the Group cannot 
maintain effective and secure electronic data and information, management and processing systems or if it fails
to maintain complete physical and electronic records, this could result in disruptions to its operations, claims 
from customers, regulators, employees and other parties, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, 
regulatory sanctions and serious reputational and financial harm to the Group.

--- Page 39 ---
39
The Group takes protective measures and continuously monitor and develop its systems to protect its technology 
infrastructure, data and information from misappropriation or corruption, but its third-party vendors' systems, 
software and networks nevertheless may be vulnerable to disruptions and failures caused by unauthorized access 
or misuse, computer viruses, disability devices, phishing attacks or other malicious code, fire, power loss, 
telecommunications failures, employee misconduct, human error, computer hackers, and other events that could 
have a security impact on the Group. An interception, loss, misuse or mishandling of personal, confidential or 
proprietary information sent to or received from a client, employee, vendor, service provider, counterparty or 
other third party could result in legal liability, regulatory action, reputational harm and financial loss. There can 
be no absolute assurance that the Group will not suffer material losses from operational risks in the future, 
including those relating to any security breaches.
The Group has seen in recent years computer systems of companies and organizations being increasingly 
targeted, and the techniques used to obtain unauthorized, improper or illegal access to information technology 
systems have become increasingly complex and sophisticated. Furthermore, such techniques change frequently 
and are often not recognized or detected until after they have been launched and can originate from a wide 
variety of sources, including not only cyber criminals, but also activists and rogue states. The Group has been 
and continue to be subject to a range of cyber-attacks, such as denial of service, malware and phishing. Cyber-
attacks could give rise to the loss of significant amounts of customer data and other sensitive information, as 
well as significant levels of liquid assets (including cash). In addition, cyber-attacks could disrupt the electronic 
systems of the Group used to service its customers. As attempted attacks continue to evolve in scope and 
sophistication, the Group may incur significant costs in order to modify or enhance its protective measures 
against such attacks, or to investigate or remediate any vulnerability or resulting breach, or in communicating 
cyber-attacks to its customers or other affected individuals. If the Group fails to effectively manage its
cybersecurity risk, including by failing to update its systems and processes in response to new threats, this could 
harm its reputation and adversely affect its operating results, financial condition and prospects, including 
through the payment of customer compensation or other damages, litigation expenses, regulatory penalties and 
fines and/or through the loss of assets. In addition, the Group may also be impacted by cyber-attacks against 
national critical infrastructures of the countries where it operates, such as telecommunications networks.  The 
information technology systems of the Group are dependent upon such national critical infrastructure and any
cyber-attack against such critical infrastructure could negatively affect its ability to service its customers.  As 
the Group does not operate such national critical infrastructure, it has limited ability to protect its information 
technology systems from the adverse effects of such a cyber-attack. 
Although the Group has procedures and controls in place to safeguard personal and other confidential or 
sensitive information in its possession, unauthorized access or disclosures the Group could be subject to legal 
actions and administrative sanctions, as well as damages and reputational harm that could materially and 
adversely affect the operating results, financial condition and prospects of the Group. Further, its business is 
exposed to risk from employees' potential non-compliance with policies, misconduct, negligence or fraud, 
which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious reputational and financial harm. It is not always possible 
to deter or prevent employee misconduct, and the precautions that the Group takes to detect and prevent this 
activity may not always be effective.  In addition, the Group may be required to report events related to 
information security issues, events where customer information may be compromised, unauthorized access to 
its systems and other security breaches, to the relevant regulatory authorities.
General risks
Risks related to the industry of the Group
Climate change can create transition risks, physical risks, and other risks that could adversely affect the 
Group.
Climate change may imply three primary drivers of financial risk that could adversely affect the Group:

Transition risks associated with the move to a low-carbon economy, both at idiosyncratic and 
systemic levels, such as through policy, regulatory and technological changes.

Physical risks related to extreme weather impacts and longer-term trends, which could result in 
financial losses that could impair asset values and the creditworthiness of its customers.

--- Page 40 ---
40

Liability risks derived from parties who may suffer losses from the effects of climate change and 
may seek compensation from those they hold responsible such as state entities, regulators, investors 
and lenders. 
These primary drivers could materialize, among others, in the following financial risks:

Credit risks: Physical climate change could lead to increased credit exposure and companies with 
business models not aligned with the transition to a low-carbon economy may face a higher risk of 
reduced corporate earnings and business disruption due to new regulations or market shifts. 

Market risks: Market changes in the most carbon-intensive sectors could affect energy and 
commodity prices, corporate bonds, equities and certain derivatives contracts. Increasing 
frequency of severe weather events could affect macroeconomic conditions, weakening 
fundamental factors such as economic growth, employment and inflation.

Operational risks: Severe weather events could directly impact business continuity and operations 
both of customers and the Group's.

Reputational risk could also arise from shifting sentiment among customers and increasing 
attention and scrutiny from other stakeholders (investors, regulators, etc.) on its response to climate 
change.
Any of the conditions described above could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition 
and results of operations of the Group.
The financial problems faced by its customers could adversely affect the Group.
Market turmoil and economic recession could materially and adversely affect the liquidity, credit ratings, 
businesses and/or financial conditions of the borrowers of the Group, which could in turn increase its non-
performing loan ratios, impair its loan and other financial assets and result in decreased demand for borrowings 
in general. In addition, the customers of the Group may further significantly decrease their risk tolerance to 
non-deposit investments such as stocks, bonds and mutual funds, which would adversely affect its fee and 
commission income. Any of the conditions described above could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Group.
The ability of the Group to maintain its competitive position depends, in part, on the success of new 
products and services the Group offers to its clients and on its ability to offer products and services that 
meet the customers' needs during the whole life cycle of the products or services, and the Group may not 
be able to manage various risks it faces as it expands its range of products and services that could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group.
The success of the operations and profitability of the Group depend, in part, on the success of new products and 
services it offers to its clients and on its ability to offer products and services that meet the customers' needs 
during all their life cycle. However, clients' needs or desires may change over time, and such changes may 
render the products and services of the Group obsolete, outdated or unattractive and it may not be able to 
develop new products that meet its clients' changing needs. The success of the Group is also dependent on its 
ability to anticipate and leverage new and existing technologies that may have an impact on products and 
services in the banking industry. Technological changes may further intensify and complicate the competitive 
landscape and influence client behaviour. If the Group cannot respond in a timely fashion to the changing needs 
of its clients, it may lose them, which could in turn materially and adversely affect the Group. In addition, the 
cost of developing products is likely to affect its results of operations.
As the Group expands the range of its products and services, some of which may be at an early stage of 
development in the markets of certain regions where the Group operates, it will be exposed to new and 
potentially increasingly complex risks, such as the conduct risk in the relationship with customers, and 
development expenses. The employees and risk management systems of the Group, as well as its experience 
and that of its partners may not be sufficient to enable the Group to properly manage such risks. Any or all of 
these factors, individually or collectively, could have a material adverse effect on the Group.
While the Group has successfully increased its customer service levels in recent years, should these levels ever 
be perceived by the market to be materially below those of its competitor financial institutions, the Group could 
lose existing and potential business. If the Group is not successful in retaining and strengthening customer

--- Page 41 ---
41
relationships, it may lose market share, incur losses on some or all of its activities or fail to attract new deposits 
or retain existing deposits, which could have a material adverse effect on its operating results, financial 
condition and prospects.
The Group relies on recruiting, retaining and developing appropriate senior management and skilled 
personnel.
The continued success of the Group depends in part on the continued service of key members of its senior 
executive team and other key employees. The ability to continue to attract, train, motivate and retain highly 
qualified and talented professionals is a key element of the strategyof the Group. The successful implementation 
of this strategy and culture depends on the availability of skilled and appropriate management, both at the 
Group's head office and in each of its business units. If the Group or one of its business units or other functions 
fails to staff its operations appropriately, or loses one or more of its key senior executives or other key employees 
and fails to replace them in a satisfactory and timely manner, its business, financial condition and results of 
operations, including control and operational risks, may be adversely affected. 
In addition, the financial industry has and may continue to experience more stringent regulation of employee 
compensation, which could have an adverse effect on the ability of the Group to hire or retain the most qualified 
employees. If the Group fails or is unable to attract and appropriately train, motivate and retain qualified 
professionals, its business may also be adversely affected.
The Group relies on third parties and affiliates for important products and services.
Third party vendors and certain affiliated companies provide key components to the business infrastructure of 
the Group such as loan and deposit servicing systems, back office and business process support, information 
technology production and support, Internet connections and network access. Relying on these third parties and 
affiliated companies can be a source of operational and regulatory risk to the Group, including with respect to 
security breaches affecting such parties. The Group is also subject to risk with respect to security breaches 
affecting the vendors and other parties that interact with these service providers. As the interconnectivity of the 
Group with these third parties and affiliated companies increases, the Group increasingly faces the risk of 
operational failure with respect to their systems. The Group may be required to take steps to protect the integrity 
of its operational systems, thereby increasing its operational costs and potentially decreasing customer 
satisfaction. In addition, any problems caused by these third parties or affiliated companies, including as a result 
of them not providing the Group their services for any reason, or performing their services poorly, could 
adversely affect its ability to deliver products and services to customers and otherwise conduct its business, 
which could lead to reputational damage and regulatory investigations and intervention. Replacing these third-
party vendors could also entail significant delays and expense. Further, the operational and regulatory risk that
the Group faces as a result of these arrangements may be increased to the extent that it restructures such 
arrangements.  Any restructuring could involve significant expense to the Group and entail significant delivery 
and execution risk which could have a material adverse effect on its business, operations and financial condition.
Damage to the reputation of the Group could cause harm to its business prospects.
Maintaining a positive reputation is critical to protect the Group's brand, attract and retain customers, investors 
and employees and conduct business transactions with counterparties. Damage to the reputation of the Group
can therefore cause significant harm to its business and prospects. Harm to such reputation can arise from 
numerous sources, including, among others, employee misconduct, including the possibility of fraud 
perpetrated by the employees of the Group, litigation or regulatory enforcement, failure to deliver minimum 
standards of service and quality, dealing with sectors that are not well perceived by the public (weapons 
industries or embargoed countries, for example), dealing with customers in sanctions lists, rating downgrades, 
significant variations in the share price of the Group throughout the year, compliance failures, unethical 
behaviour, and the activities of customers and counterparties, including activities that negatively affect the 
environment. Further, negative publicity regarding the Group may result in harm to its prospects.
Actions by the financial services industry generally or by certain members of, or individuals in, the industry 
can also affect the reputation of the Group. For example, the role played by financial services firms in the 
financial crisis and the seeming shift toward increasing regulatory supervision and enforcement has caused 
public perception of the Group and others in the financial services industry to decline.
The Group could suffer significant reputational harm if it fails to identify and manage potential conflicts of 
interest properly. The failure, or perceived failure, to adequately address conflicts of interest could affect the

--- Page 42 ---
42
willingness of clients to deal with the Group or could give rise to litigation or enforcement actions against the 
Group.  Therefore, there can be no assurance that conflicts of interest will not arise in the future that could cause
the Group a material harm.
The Group may be the subject of misinformation and misrepresentations deliberately propagated to harm its 
reputation or for other deceitful purposes, or by profiteering short sellers seeking to gain an illegal market 
advantage by spreading false information about the Group. There can be no assurance that it will effectively 
neutralize and contain a false information that may be propagated regarding the Group, which could have an 
adverse effect on its operating results, financial condition and prospects.
The Group engages in transactions with its subsidiaries or affiliates that others may not consider to be on 
an arm's-length basis.
The Group and its affiliates have entered into a number of services agreements pursuant to which it renders
services, such as administrative, accounting, finance, treasury, legal services and others. 
Spanish and US law provide for several procedures designed to ensure that the transactions entered into with 
or among the financial subsidiaries and/or affiliates of the Group do not deviate from prevailing market 
conditions for those types of transactions.
The Bank is likely to continue to engage in transactions with its affiliates. Future conflicts of interests may arise 
between the Group and any of its affiliates, or among its affiliates, which may not be resolved in its favour.
Financial reporting and control risks 
Changes in accounting standards could impact reported earnings.
The accounting standard setters and other regulatory bodies periodically change the financial accounting and 
reporting standards that govern the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of the Group. These 
changes can materially impact how the Group records and reports its financial condition and results of 
operations, as well as affect the calculation of its capital ratios. In some cases, the Group could be required to 
apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in the restatement of prior period financial statements. 
The financial statements of the Group are based in part on assumptions and estimates which, if inaccurate, 
could cause material misstatement of the results of its operations and financial position.
The preparation of financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions 
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Due to the inherent uncertainty in 
making estimates, actual results reported in future periods may be based upon amounts which differ from those 
estimates. Estimates, judgements and assumptions are continually evaluated and are based on historical 
experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under 
the circumstances. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is 
revised and in any future periods affected. The accounting policies deemed critical to the results and financial 
position of the Group, based upon materiality and significant judgements and estimates, include impairment of 
loans and advances, goodwill impairment, valuation of financial instruments, deferred tax assets provision and 
pension obligation for liabilities.
If the judgement, estimates and assumptions the Group uses in preparing its consolidated financial statements 
are subsequently found to be incorrect, there could be a material effect on its results of operations and a 
corresponding effect on its funding requirements and capital ratios.
Disclosure controls and procedures over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all errors or acts 
of fraud. 
Disclosure controls and procedures, including internal controls over financial reporting, are designed to provide 
reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the company in reports filed or submitted 
under the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) is accumulated and communicated to 
management, and recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the US 
Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. 
These disclosure controls and procedures have inherent limitations which include the possibility that 
judgements in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns occur because of errors or mistakes. 
Additionally, controls can be circumvented by any unauthorized override of the controls. Consequently, the

--- Page 43 ---
43
businesses of the Group are exposed to risk from potential non-compliance with policies, employee misconduct 
or negligence and fraud, which could result in regulatory sanctions, civil claims and serious reputational or 
financial harm. In recent years, a number of multinational financial institutions have suffered material losses 
due to the actions of 'rogue traders' or other employees. It is not always possible to deter employee misconduct 
and the precautions the Group takes to prevent and detect this activity may not always be effective. Accordingly, 
because of the inherent limitations in the control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not 
be detected.
3. Risks in relation to the Instruments
General risks relating to the Instruments
Risks related to early intervention and resolution - Law 11/2015 enables a range of actions to be taken in 
relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. The taking of any 
action under Law 11/2015 could materially affect the value of any debt securities 
The BRRD (which has been implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015, of 18 June, on the Recovery and 
Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms (“Law 11/2015”) and Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 6 
November, implementing Law 11/2015 (“Royal Decree 1012/2015”)) is designed to provide authorities with 
tools to intervene in unsound or failing credit institutions or investment firms (“institutions”) to ensure the 
continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions while minimising the impact of an 
institution's failure on the economy and financial system. The BRRD further provides that any extraordinary 
public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools is only to be used by a Member State as 
a last resort, after having assessed the resolution tools set out below to the maximum extent possible while 
maintaining financial stability.
In accordance with Article 20 of Law 11/2015, an institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail in any 
of the following circumstances: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in significant breach of its solvency 
or any other requirements necessary for maintaining its authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near 
future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they 
fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). The 
determination that an institution is no longer viable may depend on a number of factors which may be outside 
of that institution's control.
As provided in the BRRD, Law 11/2015 contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or 
in combination where the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below) considers that (a) an institution is 
failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would 
prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public 
interest. 
The four resolution tools are: (i) sale of business - which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the 
institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables 
resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the institution to a “bridge institution” (an entity 
created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset separation - which enables 
resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problematic assets to one or more publicly owned asset 
management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale 
or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in by which 
the Relevant Resolution Authority may exercise the Spanish Bail-in Power (as defined below). This includes 
the ability of the Relevant Resolution authority to write down (including to zero) and/or to convert into equity 
or other securities or obligations (which equity, securities or obligations could also be subject to any future 
application of the Spanish Bail-in Power) certain unsecured debt claims (including Ordinary Senior Instruments 
and Senior Non Preferred Instruments) and subordinated obligations (including Subordinated Instruments).
The “Spanish Bail-in Power” is any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power 
existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
in effect in Spain, relating to the transposition of the BRRD (including BRRD II), as amended from time to 
time, including, but not limited to (i) Law 11/2015, as amended from time to time, (ii) Royal Decree 1012/2015, 
as amended from time to time, (iii) the SRM Regulation, as amended from time to time (including SRM II), 
and (iv) any other instruments, rules or standards made in connection with either (i), (ii) or (iii), pursuant to

--- Page 44 ---
44
which any obligations of an institution can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other 
securities, or other obligations of such institution or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period).
In accordance with Article 48 of Law 11/2015 (and subject to any exclusions that may be applied by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority under Article 43 of Law 11/2015), in the case of any application of the Spanish 
Bail-in Power, the sequence of any resulting write-down or conversion by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
shall be as follows: (i) CET1 instruments; (ii) the principal amount of Additional Tier 1 capital instruments; (iii) 
the principal amount of Tier 2 capital instruments; (iv) the principal amount of other subordinated claims that 
do not qualify as Additional Tier 1 capital or Tier 2 capital instruments; and (v) the principal or outstanding 
amount of the eligible liabilities (pasivos admisibles) prescribed in Article 41 of Law 11/2015. Any application 
of the Spanish Bail-in Power under the BRRD shall be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal 
insolvency proceedings (unless otherwise provided by applicable banking regulations).
In addition to the Spanish Bail-in Power, the BRRD, Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation provide for 
resolution authorities to have the further power to permanently write-down (including to zero) or convert into 
equity capital instruments such as the Tier 2 Subordinated Instruments at the point of non-viability (“Non-
Viability Loss Absorption”) of an institution or a group. The point of non-viability of an institution is the point 
at which the FROB, the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other 
authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the Bail-in Power from time to time (each, a 
“Relevant Resolution Authority”) as appropriate, determines that the institution meets the conditions for 
resolution, or that it will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written down or 
converted into equity, or that extraordinary public support is to be provided and without such support the 
Relevant Resolution Authority determines that the institution would no longer be viable. The point of non-
viability of a group is the point at which the group infringes or there are objective elements to support a 
determination that the group, in the near future, will infringe its consolidated solvency requirements in a way 
that would justify action by the Relevant Resolution Authority in accordance with Article 38.3 of Law 11/2015. 
Non-Viability Loss Absorption may be imposed prior to or in combination with any exercise of the Spanish 
Bail-in Power or any other resolution tool or power (where the conditions for resolution referred to above are 
met). In addition, pursuant to BRRD II and the SRM Regulation II certain internal eligible liabilities may also 
be subject to Non-Viability Loss Absorption.
Condition 21 provides for the contractual recognition by the holders of the Instruments (the “Holders”) of the 
Bail-in Power and the Non-Viability Loss Absorption.
Under Article 281 of Spanish Insolvency Act (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se 
aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal) (the “Insolvency Law”) read in conjunction with Additional 
Provision 14.3º of Law 11/2015, the Issuer will meet subordinated claims after payment in full of 
unsubordinated claims, but before distributions to shareholders, in the following order and pro-rata within each 
class: (i) late or incorrect claims; (ii) contractually subordinated liabilities in respect of principal (firstly, those 
that do not qualify as Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital; secondly, those that qualify as Tier 2 capital instruments 
and thirdly, those that qualify as Additional Tier 1 capital instruments); (iii) interest (including accrued and 
unpaid interest due on the Instruments); (iv) fines; (v) claims of creditors which are specially related to the 
Issuer (if applicable) as provided for under the Insolvency Law; (vi) detrimental claims against the Issuer where 
a Spanish Court has determined that the relevant creditor has acted in bad faith (rescisión concursal); and (vii) 
claims arising from contracts with reciprocal obligations as referred to in Articles 156 to 158 and 160 to 167 of 
the Insolvency Law, wherever the court rules, prior to the administrators' report of insolvency (administración 
concursal) that the creditor repeatedly impedes the fulfilment of the contract against the interest of the 
insolvency.
Any application of the Spanish Bail-in Power and the Non-Viability Loss Absorption shall be in accordance 
with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings (unless otherwise provided by Applicable 
Banking Regulations (as defined in the Terms and Condition)). Accordingly, the impact of such application on 
Holders will depend on the ranking of the relevant Instruments in accordance with such hierarchy, including 
any priority given to other creditors such as depositors.
The Ministry of Economic Affairs and Digital Transformation published in July 2020 a draft bill for the 
implementation of BRRD II in Spain (the “BRRD II Draft Bill”) amending, among others, Law 11/2015. 
Among other changes, according to BRRD II Draft Bill bank deposits which as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus do not constitute preferred liabilities (créditos con privilegio general) in the case of insolvency of 
the Bank (mainly, non-eligible deposits and deposits of corporates other than those contemplated under

--- Page 45 ---
45
Additional Provision 14.1º of Law 11/2015) will be considered preferred liabilities (créditos con privilegio 
general) and will rank senior to Ordinary Senior Instruments. It is uncertain when the BRRD II Draft Bill will 
be adopted and in which terms.
In accordance with Article 64.1.(i) of Law 11/2015, the FROB has also the power to alter the amount of interest 
payable under debt instruments and other eligible liabilities of institutions subject to resolution proceedings and 
the date on which the interest becomes payable under the debt instrument (including the power to suspend 
payment for a temporary period).
The powers set out in the BRRD as implemented through Law 11/2015, Royal Decree 1012/2015 and the SRM 
Regulation impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well as, in certain 
circumstances, the rights of creditors. Holders of the Instruments may be subject to write-down (including to 
zero) or conversion into equity on any application of the Bail-in Power, which may result in such Holders losing 
some or all of their investment. The exercise of any power under Law 11/2015 or any suggestion of such 
exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of Holders, the price or value of their investment 
in the Instruments and/or the ability of the Bank to satisfy its obligations under the Instruments. 
There may be limited protections, if any, that will be available to holders of securities subject to the Spanish 
Bail-in Power or the Non- Viability Loss Absorption of the Relevant Resolution Authority. Accordingly, 
Holders may have limited or circumscribed rights to challenge any decision of the Relevant Resolution 
Authority to exercise its Spanish Bail-in Power or the Non- Viability Loss Absorption.
There remains uncertainty as to how or when the Spanish Bail-in Power and/or, in the case of Tier 2 
Subordinated Instruments, the Non-Viability Loss Absorption may be exercised and how it would affect the 
Group and the Instruments. The determination that all or part of the principal amount of the Instruments will be 
subject to loss absorption is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which 
may be outside of the Bank's control. Although there are proposed pre-conditions for the exercise of the Spanish 
Bail-in Power or the Non-Viability Loss Absorption, there remains uncertainty regarding the specific factors 
which the Relevant Resolution Authority would consider in deciding whether to exercise the Spanish Bail-in 
Power or the Non-Viability Loss Absorption with respect to the financial institution and/or securities issued or 
guaranteed by that institution. In addition, as the Relevant Resolution Authority will retain an element of 
discretion, Holders may not be able to refer to publicly available criteria in order to anticipate a potential 
exercise of any such Spanish Bail-in Power and/or, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Instruments, the Non-
Viability Loss Absorption. Because of this inherent uncertainty, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, the 
exercise of any such powers may occur which would result in a principal amount write off or conversion to 
equity.
The uncertainty may adversely affect the value of Holders' investments in the Instruments and the price and 
trading behaviour of the Instruments may be affected by the threat of a possible exercise of any power under 
Law 11/2015 (including any early intervention measure before any resolution) or any suggestion of such 
exercise, even if the likelihood of such exercise is remote. Moreover, the Relevant Resolution Authority may 
exercise any such power without providing any advance notice to the Holders.
The Instruments may be redeemed prior to maturity at the option of the Issuer or for taxation reasons
If so specified in the Final Terms, the Instruments may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, as further 
described in Condition 5.06. The Issuer may choose to redeem the Instruments at times when prevailing interest 
rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Instruments.
In addition, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all, but not some only, of the Instruments, at any time at their 
early redemption amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption, 
for taxation reasons as further described in Condition 5.02.
In the case of Subordinated Instruments, Senior Non Preferred Instruments and Ordinary Senior Instruments 
eligible to comply with the TLAC/MREL Requirements, redemption at the option of the Issuer or for taxation 
reasons will be subject to the prior consent of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (as these 
terms are defined in the Terms and Conditions) if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking 
Regulations (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) and may only take place in accordance with Applicable
Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. See more detail in “–The Subordinated Instruments, the

--- Page 46 ---
46
Senior Non Preferred Instruments and certain Ordinary Senior Instruments may be redeemed prior to maturity 
upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event or a TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event” below.
Early redemption features (including any redemption of the Instruments at the option of the Issuer pursuant to 
Condition 5.06 or for taxation reasons pursuant to Condition 5.02) is likely to limit the market value of the 
Instruments. During any period when the Issuer may redeem Instruments, the market value of those Instruments 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior 
to any redemption period or at any time where there is any actual increase in the likelihood that the Issuer will 
be able to redeem the Instruments early. 
It is not possible to predict whether or not a circumstance giving rise to the right to early redeem Instruments 
for taxation reasons will occur and so lead to the circumstances in which the Issuer is able to elect to redeem 
the Instruments, and if so whether or not the Issuer will elect to exercise such option to redeem the Instruments 
or any prior consent of the competent authority, if required, will be given. The Issuer may be expected to redeem 
the Instruments when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Instruments. At those times, as 
set out above, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as 
high as the interest rate on the Instruments being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time.
The terms of the Instruments contain very limited covenants and there are no restrictions on the amount 
or type of further securities or indebtedness which the Bank may incur 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Instruments and the Terms and Conditions place no restrictions on 
the amount or type of debt that the Issuer may issue that ranks senior to the Instruments, or on the amount or 
type of securities it may issue that rank pari passu with the Instruments. The issue of any such debt or securities 
may reduce the amount recoverable by Holders upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer and 
may limit the ability of the Bank to meet its obligations in respect of the Instruments, and result in a Holder 
losing all or some of its investment in the Instruments.
In addition, the Instruments do not require the Issuer to comply with financial ratios or otherwise limit its ability 
or that of its subsidiaries to incur additional debt, nor do they limit the Issuer's ability to use cash to make 
investments or acquisitions, or the ability of the Issuer or its subsidiaries to pay dividends, repurchase shares or 
otherwise distribute cash to shareholders. Such actions could potentially affect the Issuer's ability to service its 
debt obligations, including those under the Instruments. 
The Subordinated Instruments, the Senior Non Preferred Instruments and, to the extent so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Ordinary Senior Instruments, provide for limited events of default. Holders of 
Instruments may not be able to exercise their rights on an event of default in the event of the adoption of 
any early intervention or resolution measure under Law 11/2015 
Holders have no ability to accelerate the maturity of their Subordinated Instruments, Senior Non Preferred 
Instruments and, to the extent so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Ordinary Senior Instruments. The 
terms and conditions of the Subordinated Instruments, the Senior Non Preferred Instruments and, to the extent 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Ordinary Senior Instruments do not provide for any events of 
default, except in the case that an order is made by any competent court commencing insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer or for its insolvency, winding up or liquidation. Accordingly, in the event that any payment 
on the Subordinated Instruments, the Senior Non Preferred Instruments or, if applicable, the Ordinary Senior 
Instruments, as the case may be, is not made when due, each Holder will have a claim only for amounts then 
due and payable on their Subordinated Instruments, the Senior Non Preferred Instruments and Ordinary Senior 
Instruments and as provided for in the Terms and Conditions, a right to institute proceedings for the insolvency,
winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer.
As mentioned above, the Issuer may be subject to a procedure of early intervention or resolution pursuant to 
the BRRD as implemented through Law 11/2015 and Royal Decree 1012/2015. Pursuant to Law 11/2015 the 
adoption of any early intervention or resolution procedure shall not itself constitute an event of default or entitle 
any counterparty of the Issuer to exercise any rights it may otherwise have in respect thereof. Any provision 
providing for such rights shall further be deemed not to apply, although this does not limit the ability of a 
counterparty to declare any event of default and exercise its rights accordingly where an event of default arises

--- Page 47 ---
47
either before or after the exercise of any such procedure and does not necessarily relate to the exercise of any 
relevant measure or power which has been applied pursuant to Law 11/2015.
Any enforcement by a Holder of its rights under the Instruments upon the occurrence of an event of default 
following the adoption of any early intervention or any resolution procedure will, therefore, be subject to the 
relevant provisions of the BRRD, Law 11/2015 and Royal Decree 1012/2015 in relation to the exercise of the 
relevant measures and powers pursuant to such procedure, including the resolution tools and powers referred 
to above (see “—Risks related to early intervention and resolution - Law 11/2015 enables a range of actions to 
be taken in relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. The taking of 
any action under Law 11/2015 could materially affect the value of any debt securities”). 
Any claims on the occurrence of an event of default will consequently be limited by the application of any 
measures pursuant to the provisions of Law 11/2015 and Royal Decree 1012/2015. There can be no assurance 
that the taking of any such action would not adversely affect the rights of Holders, the price or value of their 
investment in the Instruments and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Instruments and 
the enforcement by a Holder of any rights it may otherwise have on the occurrence of any event of default may 
be limited in these circumstances.
The Subordinated Instruments, the Senior Non Preferred Instruments and certain Ordinary Senior 
Instruments may be redeemed prior to maturity upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event 
or a TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event
The Issuer may, at its option, redeem all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Instruments, the Senior Non 
Preferred Instruments or certain Ordinary Senior Instruments where the TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event 
has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable, at any time at their early redemption 
amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption, upon or 
following the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event (in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Instruments 
only) or a TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event (as these terms are defined in the Terms and Conditions).
The early redemption of the Subordinated Instruments, the Senior Non Preferred Instruments or the Ordinary 
Senior Instruments where the TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event or a TLAC/MREL 
Disqualification Event, as applicable, will be subject to the prior consent of the Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations and may only take place 
in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. Redemption of Tier 2 
Subordinated Instruments where the TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms may be redeemed pursuant to a TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event only after five 
years from their date of issuance or such other minimum period permitted under Applicable Banking 
Regulations.
The EU Banking Reforms provide that the redemption of eligible liabilities prior to the date of their contractual 
maturity is subject to the prior permission of the resolution authority. According to the EU Banking Reforms, 
such consent will be given only if one of the following conditions is met: 
(i)
earlier than or at the same time of such redemption, the institution replaces the eligible liabilities 
instruments with own funds or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or higher quality at terms 
that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(ii)
the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the resolution authority that the own funds 
and eligible liabilities of the institution would, following such redemption, exceed the requirements 
laid down in the CRR, the CRD IV and the BRRD by a margin that the resolution authority in 
agreement with the competent authority considers necessary, or
(iii)
the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the resolution authority that the partial or full 
replacement of eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance 
with the own funds requirements laid down in CRR and in CRD IV for continuing authorisation.
It is not possible to predict whether or not the Subordinated Instruments, the Senior Non Preferred Instruments 
or certain Ordinary Senior Instruments will or may qualify as TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments (see “–The 
qualification of the Subordinated Instruments, the Senior Non Preferred Instruments and certain Ordinary 
Senior Instruments as TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments is subject to uncertainty”) or if any further change in 
the laws or regulations of Spain, Applicable Banking Regulations or in the application or official interpretation

--- Page 48 ---
48
thereof, or any of the events referred to above, will occur and so lead to the circumstances in which the Issuer 
is able to elect to redeem the Subordinated Instruments, the Senior Non Preferred Instruments or certain 
Ordinary Senior Instruments, and if so whether or not the Issuer will elect to exercise such option to redeem 
such Instruments or any prior consent of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if required, 
will be given. 
Early redemption features (including any redemption of the Instruments pursuant to Condition 5.03 or pursuant 
to Condition 5.04) are likely to limit the market value of the Instruments. During any period when the Issuer 
may redeem the Instruments, the market value of those Instruments generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period or at any time 
where there is any actual increase in the likelihood that the Issuer will be able to redeem the Instruments early. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem the Instruments when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Instruments. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Instruments being redeemed and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time.
The qualification of the Subordinated Instruments, the Senior Non Preferred Instruments and certain 
Ordinary Senior Instruments as TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments is subject to uncertainty 
The Subordinated Instruments, the Senior Non Preferred Instruments and certain Ordinary Senior Instruments 
may be intended to be TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations. However, the implementation in the Kingdom of Spain of the EU Banking 
Reforms is pending and there is uncertainty as to how they will be interpreted and applied and the Issuer cannot 
provide any assurance that the Subordinated Instruments, the Senior Non Preferred Instruments and certain 
Ordinary Senior Instruments will or may be (or thereafter remain) TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments.
If for any reasons the Subordinated Instruments, the Senior Non Preferred Instruments and the Ordinary Senior 
Instruments where the TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms are not TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments or if they initially are TLAC/MREL-Eligible 
Instruments and subsequently become ineligible due to a change in Spanish law or Applicable Banking
Regulations, then a TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) will occur, 
with the consequences indicated in the Terms and Conditions. See “—The Subordinated Instruments, the Senior 
Non Preferred Instruments and certain Ordinary Senior Instruments may be redeemed prior to maturity upon 
the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event or a TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event” and “—The 
Instruments may be subject to substitution and/or variation without Holder consent”. 
The Instruments may be subject to substitution and/or variation without Holder consent
Subject as provided herein, in particular to the provisions of Condition 8, if a Capital Disqualification Event, a 
TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event or a circumstance giving rise to the right to early redeem the Instruments 
for taxation reasons, occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, and without the consent or approval of the Holders, 
elect either (i) to substitute all (but not some only) of the Instruments or (ii) to modify the terms of all (but not 
some only) of such Instruments, in each case so that they are substituted for, or varied to, become, or remain 
Qualifying Instruments. While Qualifying Instruments generally must contain terms that are materially no less 
favourable to Holders as the original terms of the Instruments, there can be no assurance that the terms of any 
Qualifying Instruments will be viewed by the market as equally favourable, or that the Qualifying Instruments 
will trade at prices that are equal to the prices at which the Instruments would have traded on the basis of their 
original terms. In the case of Instruments where the relevant Final Terms specify English law as the governing 
law (the “English law Instruments”), any change in the governing law of such Instruments from English law 
to Spanish law, so that the Instruments become again or remain Qualifying Instruments, shall be deemed not to 
be materially less favourable to the interests of the Holders of Instruments. 
Further, prior to the making of any such substitution or variation, the Issuer shall not be obliged to have regard 
to the tax position of individual Holders or to the tax consequences of any such substitution or variation for 
individual Holders. No Holder shall be entitled to claim, whether from the Issue and Paying Agent, the Issuer, 
or any other person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such substitution 
or variation upon individual Holders of Instruments.

--- Page 49 ---
49
The terms of the Instruments may contain a waiver of set-off rights 
The Terms and Conditions provide that, if so specified in the Final Terms, Holders of Instruments waive any 
set-off, netting or compensation rights against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has, may have or acquire 
against any Holder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising. As a result, Holders will not at any time be entitled 
to set-off the Issuer's obligations under the Instruments against obligations owed by them to the Issuer.
Risks relating to the Commissioner 
Prospective investors should note that the Commissioner (which owes certain obligations to the Syndicate of 
Holders of Instruments) will be appointed by the Issuer and that it may be an employee or officer of the Issuer.
Potential conflicts of interest between the investor and the Calculation Agent 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche of Instruments and 
the Holders (including where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain 
determinations that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments. 
Because the Global Instruments or the Global Registered Instruments, as applicable, are held by or on 
behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors will have to rely on their procedures for 
transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer
Instruments issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Instruments or Global 
Registered Instruments, as applicable. Global Instruments will be deposited with a Common Depositary or 
Common Safekeeper, as applicable, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Registered 
Instruments which are held in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be registered (i) if the Global 
Registered Instrument is not to be held under the NSS, in the name of nominees for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or a common nominee for both or (ii) if the Global Registered Instrument is to be held under the 
NSS, in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper. Except in the circumstances described in the 
relevant Global Instrument or Global Registered Instrument, as applicable, investors will not be entitled to 
receive Instruments in definitive form. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the 
beneficial interests in the Global Instruments or Global Registered Instruments, as applicable. While the 
Instruments are represented by one or more Global Instruments or Global Registered Instruments, as applicable, 
investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
While the Instruments are represented by one or more Global Instruments or Global Registered Instruments, as 
applicable, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Instruments by making payments to the 
Common Depositary or paying agent (in the case of a NGN) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
distribution to their accountholders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Instrument or Global Registered 
Instruments, as applicable, must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive 
payments under the relevant Instruments. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, 
or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Instruments or Global Registered Instruments, 
as applicable.
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Instruments or Global Registered Instruments, as applicable, will 
not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Instruments. Instead, such holders will be permitted to 
act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate 
proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the Global Instruments or Global Registered Instruments, 
as applicable, will not have a direct right under such Instruments to take enforcement action against the Issuer 
in the event of a default under the relevant Instruments but will have to rely upon Condition 22 of the Terms 
and Conditions and, in addition, (i) in the case of English law Instruments, upon their rights under the Deed of 
Covenant and, (ii) in the case of Spanish law Instruments, under the provisions of the Global Instruments or 
Global Registered Instruments, as applicable.
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Instruments. The credit ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Instruments. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.

--- Page 50 ---
50
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended). Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the 
relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating 
agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the 
case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended).
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the relevant Final 
Terms.
Taxation in Spain 
Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 (as amended among others by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29 July) 
(“Royal Decree 1065/2007”) sets out the reporting obligations applicable to preferred securities and debt 
instruments issued under Law 10/2014. The procedures apply to income deriving from preferred shares and 
debt instruments to which Law 10/2014 refers, including debt instruments issued at a discount for a period equal 
to or less than twelve months.
According to the literal wording of Article 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, income derived from preferred 
shares or debt instruments to which Law 10/2014 applies originally registered with the entities that manage 
clearing systems located outside Spain, and are recognised by Spanish law or by the law of another Organisation 
for Economic Co-operation Development (“OECD”) country (such as the Depository Trust Company, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg), will be paid free of Spanish withholding tax provided that the Paying 
Agent appointed by the Bank submits, in a timely manner, a statement to the Bank, the form of which is attached 
as Exhibit I, with the following information:
(i)
identification of the securities; 
(ii)
income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated);
(iii)
total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or 
are segregated); and
(iv)
total amount of the income corresponding to each clearing system located outside Spain. 
These obligations refer to the total amount paid to investors through each foreign clearing house. For these 
purposes, “income” means interest and the difference, if any, between the aggregate amount payable on the 
redemption of the Instruments and the issue price of the Instruments. In accordance with Article 44 of Royal 
Decree 1065/2007, the Issuer and Paying Agent should provide the Bank with the statement reflecting the 
relevant position at the close of business on the business day immediately prior to each interest payment date. 
In the event that on such date, the entity(ies) obliged to provide the declaration fail to do so, the Bank or the 
Paying Agent on its behalf will make a withholding at the general rate of 19 per cent. on the total amount of the 
return on the relevant Instruments otherwise payable to such entity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Bank 
has agreed that in the event that withholding tax were required by law due to the failure of the relevant Paying 
Agent to submit in a timely manner a duly executed and completed certificate pursuant to Law 10/2014 and 
Royal Decree 1065/2007 and any implementing legislation or regulation, the Bank will not pay any additional 
amounts with respect to any such withholding, as provided in Condition 9.
In the event that the currently applicable procedures are modified, amended or supplemented by, among other 
things, any Spanish law, regulation, interpretation or ruling of the Spanish tax authorities, the Bank will notify 
the Holders of such information procedures and their implications, as the Bank may be required to apply 
withholding tax on any payments made under the Instruments if the Holders do not comply with such 
information procedures.
The value of and return on any Instruments linked to a benchmark may be adversely affected by ongoing 
national and international regulatory reform in relation to benchmarks
Reference rates and indices such as Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), LIBOR and other interest rate 
or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (each a “Benchmark” and together, 
the “Benchmarks”), to which the interest on securities may be linked, have become the subject of regulatory 
scrutiny and recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. This has resulted

--- Page 51 ---
51
in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks, with further change anticipated. Such reform of 
Benchmarks includes the EU BMR which was published in the official journal on 29 June 2016. On 5 March 
2021 the FCA announced the future cessation or loss of representativeness of all 35 LIBOR benchmark settings 
currently published by IBA by the end of 2021. In addition, the EMMI announced the discontinuation of EONIA
(Euro Overnight Index Average) after 3 January 2022 and that from 2 October 2019 until its total 
discontinuation it will be replaced by the €STR plus a spread of 8.5 basis points.
The EU BMR and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK BMR”) apply to the provision of Benchmarks, the contribution of input data to 
a Benchmark and the use of a Benchmark within the EU and the UK, respectively. The EU BMR and the UK 
BMR among other things, (i) require Benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based or UK-based, as applicable, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) 
and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU and UK supervised entities, as applicable, such as the Issuer of Benchmarks 
of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based or UK-based, as applicable, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).
The upcoming elimination of the LIBOR benchmark or any other Benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any Benchmark, as a result of the EU BMR or UK BMR or otherwise, could require an 
adjustment to the Terms and Conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect of any Instruments linked 
to such Benchmark.
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
Benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain Benchmarks including EURIBOR and LIBOR: (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to the Benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used 
in the Benchmark; or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the Benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Instruments linked to or referencing to a 
Benchmark.
In relation to Reset Instruments and, where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, in relation to Floating Rate Instruments or CMS-Linked Instruments, the 
Terms and Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen 
Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where such Original Reference Rate is discontinued, 
neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available. 
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant Screen Page 
is available, the Terms and Conditions provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent.
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for 
the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Reset Determination Date (if any) or if there is no such previous 
Reset Determination Date, the Mid-Swap Rate which last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page, before the 
Original Reference Rate was discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, 
the availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference 
Rate is discontinued may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Reset Instruments, Floating Rate 
Instruments and CMS-Linked Instruments.
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 4F.07) (which, amongst other events, includes the permanent 
discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate) occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
an Independent Adviser. After consulting with the Independent Adviser, the Issuer shall endeavour to determine 
a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest will result in Instruments linked to or 
referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of 
Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the Issuer, 
the Terms and Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Terms and Conditions, as necessary to ensure

--- Page 52 ---
52
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or 
approval of the Holders.
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Issuer, the Terms and Conditions also provide that 
an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Issuer and applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. 
However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and even if an Adjustment Spread 
is applied, such Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Holders. 
If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to 
determine the Rate of Interest. The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application 
of an Adjustment Spread) will still result in Instruments linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original 
Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
The Issuer may not be able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Instruments.
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or is unable to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date, 
as the case may be, the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest 
applicable as at the last preceding Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date, respectively, before 
the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Reset 
Determination Date or Interest Determination Date, as the case may be, the Rate of Interest will be the Initial 
Rate of Interest. 
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or has failed to determine a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Reset Period or Interest Period, as the case may be, it will 
continue to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding Reset 
Determination Date or Interest Determination Date, respectively, and/or to determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate to apply the next succeeding and any subsequent Reset Periods or Interest Periods, 
respectively, as necessary. 
Applying the Initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Reset 
Determination Date or Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event will result 
in Instruments linked to or referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, 
or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined.
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, fails to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate for the life of the relevant Instruments, the Initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at 
the last preceding Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the Reset Instruments, Floating Rate 
Instruments or CMS-Linked Instruments, as the case may be, becoming, in effect, fixed rate Instruments.
No Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor any Adjustment Spread applied, nor will any 
Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Instruments as Tier 2 Subordinated Instruments or 
TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments for the purposes of the Applicable Banking Regulations.
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Instruments only, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will be adopted, 
nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to 
the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the 
Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity 
date of the Instruments, rather than the relevant Maturity Date.
To the extent that no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is adopted and the Calculation Agent is unable to 
determine a rate in relation to any Interest Period, the Conditions provide that the rate will be that which was
last determined in relation to the Instruments in respect of a preceding Interest Period, which results in the 
Instruments becoming, in effect, fixed rate Instruments.
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, in 
respect of Floating Rate Instruments or CMS-Linked Instruments, the Terms and Conditions provide that the 
Rate of Interest in respect of the Instruments shall be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate

--- Page 53 ---
53
Option in the 2006 Definitions of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. Where the Floating 
Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined by reference 
to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If the relevant 
IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as applicable) are not 
available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest that would be 
applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Instruments or CMS-Linked 
Instruments, as the case may be.
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU BMR reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Instruments 
linked to or referencing a Benchmark.
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference rates for Floating Rates 
Instruments
Where the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Instruments identifies that the Rate of Interest for 
such Instruments will be determined by reference to SONIA or SOFR the Rate of Interest will be determined 
by reference to Compounded Daily SONIA, Weighted Average SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR (including 
on the basis of the SOFR Index published on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website) or SOFR Arithmetic Mean. In 
each case such rate will differ from the relevant LIBOR or EURIBOR rate in a number of material respects, 
including (without limitation) that a compounded daily rate or weighted average rate is a backwards-looking, 
risk-free overnight rate, and a single daily rate is a risk-free overnight non-term rate, whereas LIBOR and 
EURIBOR are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a risk-element based on inter-bank 
lending. As such, investors should be aware that LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA and SOFR may behave materially 
differently as interest reference rates for Instruments issued under the Programme.
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference rates in the capital markets and 
their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market participants and relevant 
working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA or SOFR, including term SONIA and 
term SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA or 
SOFR rate over a designated term). The development of SONIA and SOFR as interest reference rates for the 
Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA and SOFR based rates for such market and the 
market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could 
otherwise affect the market price of the Instruments.
The use of SONIA or SOFR as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop both in terms of the substance 
of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of 
bonds referencing SONIA or SOFR. Publication of such reference rates has a limited history. The future 
performance of SONIA or SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical 
performance. The level of SONIA or SOFR during the term of the Instruments may bear little or no relation to 
the historical level of SONIA or SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and 
their relation to SONIA or SOFR such as correlations, may change in the future.
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Terms and Conditions as applicable to the Instruments. Furthermore, the Issuer may, in 
future, issue Instruments referencing SONIA or SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination 
when compared with the Instruments. In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA or SOFR
reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of 
SONIA or SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider 
how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA or SOFR reference rates across these markets may impact 
any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of Instruments referencing any such rate.
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest on Instruments which reference SONIA or SOFR is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors to estimate 
reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on the Instruments, and some investors may be unable or 
unwilling to trade such Instruments without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely 
impact the liquidity of the Instruments. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based or EURIBOR-based Instruments, 
if the Instruments become due and payable under Condition 6, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which 
is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Instruments shall be

--- Page 54 ---
54
determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Instruments 
become due and payable. 
To the extent the SONIA or SOFR rate is not published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Interest 
Rate on Instruments referencing SONIA or SOFR, as applicable, will be determined using the fallback 
provisions set out in the Terms and Conditions which apply specifically to Instruments referencing SONIA or 
SOFR and are distinct to those applying to other types of Instruments. Any of these fallback provisions may 
result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that 
would have been made on the Instruments if the relevant SONIA or SOFR rate had been so published in its 
current form. In addition, use of the fallback provisions may result in the effective application of a fixed rate of 
interest to the Instruments.
The administrator of SONIA or SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR
or discontinue SONIA or SOFR
The Bank of England (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA, and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may make methodological or other changes that could change the 
value of SONIA or SOFR, including changes related to the method by which SONIA or SOFR is calculated, 
eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or timing related to the 
publication of SONIA or SOFR. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of SONIA or SOFR (in which case the fallback methods of determining the interest rate on the 
Instruments will apply). The administrators have no obligation to consider the interests of Holders when 
calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA or SOFR.
Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect holders of Instruments that pay a floating 
rate of interest referencing SOFR
Holders of Instruments that pay a floating rate of interest that references SOFR are exposed to the risk that such 
rate may not be widely accepted in the market. The risk of this occurring is mitigated by the fact that SOFR 
was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts as an alternative to LIBOR 
in part because it is considered to be a good representation of general funding conditions in the overnight U.S. 
Treasury repo market. However, as a rate based on transactions secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not 
measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate with the unsecured short-term 
funding costs of banks. This may mean that market participants would not consider SOFR to be a suitable 
substitute or successor for all of the purposes for which LIBOR historically has been used (including, without 
limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which may, in turn, lessen 
its market acceptance. Any failure of SOFR to gain or maintain market acceptance could adversely affect the 
return on, value of and market for Instruments that pay a floating rate of interest referencing SOFR.
Partly-paid Instruments
The Issuer may issue Instruments where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Failure to pay 
any subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of the payable interest payments.
Inverse Floating Rate Instruments
Inverse Floating Rate Instruments have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as LIBOR. The market values of those Instruments typically are more volatile than market values of 
other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable 
terms). Inverse Floating Rate Instruments are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only 
decreases the interest rate of the Instruments, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which 
further adversely affects the market value of these Instruments.
Zero Coupon Instruments
The Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Instruments. Such Instruments will bear no interest and an investor will 
receive no return on the Instruments until redemption. Any investors holding these Instruments will be subject 
to the risk that the amortised yield in respect of the Instruments may be less than market rates.

--- Page 55 ---
55
Instruments issued at a substantial discount or premium
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount (such 
as a Zero Coupon Instrument) tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, 
the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.
Instruments issued as “Green Bonds”, “Social Bonds” or “Sustainable Bonds”, as described in “Use of 
Proceeds”, may not meet investor expectations or be suitable for an investor's investment criteria
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Instruments may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention 
to apply an amount equal to the whole or a part of the net proceeds of the issue of those Instruments into Eligible 
Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects (such Instruments being Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable 
Bonds), as described in the Issuer's Global Sustainable Bond Framework and specific Bond Framework, in each 
case, published on the website of the Issuer (see “Use of Proceeds”). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the Issuer's Global Sustainable Bond 
Framework, the Issuer's Green Bond Framework and the Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must 
determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such 
Instruments together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, no assurance is 
given by the Issuer that the use of such proceeds for any project will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that there is 
currently no clear definition of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”, “social” or “sustainable” 
or an equivalently-labelled project. In addition, the requirements of any such label may evolve from time to 
time, accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any project or use(s) the subject of, or related 
to, any project will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “social” or “sustainable” or 
other equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment 
of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, the so called EU Taxonomy).
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available 
in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds and in particular with any 
project, to fulfil any environmental, social and/or other criteria. Currently, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell 
or hold any such Instruments.
In the event that any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any 
dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “social” or “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any 
stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the 
Issuer or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, the criteria for any such listings or admission 
to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is 
given or made by the Issuer or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained 
in respect of any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Instruments.
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainable Bonds so specified for the relevant project, in, or substantially in, the manner described 
in the Issuer's Global Sustainable Bond Framework, the Issuer's Green Bond Framework and the Final Terms, 
there can be no assurance that the relevant project or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any project, will be 
capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule 
and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such project. Nor can there be any 
assurance that such project will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome 
as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not (i) constitute 
an Event of Default under the relevant Instruments, (ii) give rise to any other claim of a holder of such Green 
Bond, Social Bond or Sustainable Bond, as the case may be, or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Bank to redeem

--- Page 56 ---
56
such Instruments or be a relevant factor for the Bank in determining whether or not to exercise any optional 
redemption rights in respect of any Instruments. For the avoidance of doubt, it is however specified that 
payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds 
shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project nor have any preferred right against such assets.
Furthermore, Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds issued in the form of Subordinated Instruments, 
Senior Non Preferred Instruments or Ordinary Senior Instruments that qualify as TLAC/MREL-Eligible 
Instruments may be subject to application of the Spanish Bail-in Power and (in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated 
Instruments) the Non-Viability Loss Absorption.
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainable Bonds for any project as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any 
such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for 
which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the value 
of such Instruments and also potentially the value of any other similar Instruments and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose. For the avoidance of doubt, it is however specified that payments of principal and interest (as the case 
may be) on Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainable Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the 
relevant project.
Risks relating to Subordinated Instruments and Senior Non Preferred Instruments
The risks factors relating to Subordinated Instruments and Senior Non Preferred Instruments described below 
should be read together with the general risks factors relating to the Instruments described above.
An investor in Subordinated Instruments assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's 
insolvency or resolution
The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Instruments (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) will be 
unsecured and subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer and will rank junior to all 
unsubordinated obligations (créditos ordinarios) of the Issuer (including any Senior Non Preferred Liabilities 
(as defined in the Terms and Conditions)). Although Subordinated Instruments may pay a higher rate of interest 
than comparable Instruments which are not subordinated, there is a greater risk that an investor in Subordinated 
Instruments will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become (i) subject to resolution under the 
BRRD (as implemented through Law 11/2015 and Royal Decree 1012/2015) and the Subordinated Instruments 
become subject to the application of the Spanish Bail-In Power (and, in case they constitute Tier 2 instruments, 
the Non-Viability Loss Absorption) or (ii) insolvent.
In the case of any exercise of the Spanish Bail-In Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, the sequence of 
any resulting write-down or conversion of eligible instruments under Article 48 of the BRRD and Article 48 of 
Law 11/2015 provides for the principal amount of Tier 2 instruments (such as the Tier 2 Subordinated 
Instruments if they qualify as such as it is expected) to be written-down or converted into equity or other 
securities or obligations prior to the principal amount of subordinated debt that is not Additional Tier 1 or Tier 
2 instruments (which is expected to be the case of Senior Subordinated Instruments) in accordance with the 
hierarchy of claims provided in the Insolvency Law and for the latter to be written-down or converted into 
equity or other securities or obligations prior to any write-down or conversion of the principal amount or 
outstanding amount of any other eligible liabilities (such as the Ordinary Senior Instruments and Senior Non 
Preferred Instruments), in accordance with the hierarchy of claims provided in the applicable insolvency 
legislation. Subordinated Instruments which constitute Tier 2 instruments may be subject to Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption, which may be imposed prior to or in combination with any exercise of the Spanish Bail-In Power. 
See “Risks Related to early intervention and resolution - Law 11/2015 enables a range of actions to be taken in 
relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. The taking of any action 
under Law 11/2015 could materially affect the value of any debt securities”.
In the event of insolvency, after payment in full of unsubordinated claims, but before distributions to 
shareholders, under Article 281 of the Insolvency Law read in conjunction with Additional Provision 14.3º of 
Law 11/2015, the Issuer will meet subordinated claims after payment in full of unsubordinated claims, but 
before distributions to shareholders, in the following order and pro-rata within each class: (i) late or incorrect 
claims; (ii) contractually subordinated liabilities in respect of principal (firstly, those that do not qualify as 
Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments under Additional Provision 14.3º(a) of Law 11/2015 -which is expected 
to be the case of Senior Subordinated Instruments-, secondly, those that qualify as Tier 2 instruments under

--- Page 57 ---
57
Additional Provision 14.3º(b) of Law 11/2015 -which is expected to be the case of Tier 2 Subordinated 
Instruments- and thirdly, Additional Tier 1 instruments under Additional Provision 14.3º(c) of Law 11/2015); 
(iii) interest (including accrued and unpaid interest due on the Subordinated Instruments); (iv) fines; (v) claims 
of creditors which are specially related to the Issuer (if applicable) as provided for under the Insolvency Law; 
(vi) detrimental claims against the Issuer where a Spanish Court has determined that the relevant creditor has 
acted in bad faith (rescisión concursal); and (vii) claims arising from contracts with reciprocal obligations as 
referred to in Articles 156 to 158 and 160 to 167 of the Insolvency Law, wherever the court rules, prior to the 
administrators' report of insolvency (administración concursal) that the creditor repeatedly impedes the 
fulfilment of the contract against the interest of the insolvency.
The BRRD II Draft Bill contains, among others, certain amendments to Additional Provision 14 of Law 11/2015
which would affect the status of the contractually subordinated obligations of credit institutions, such as the 
Subordinated Instruments. If the BRRD II Draft Bill is adopted as currently drafted, payment obligations on 
account of principal of Subordinated Instruments, will be further subordinated and will rank junior to any claims 
in respect of other subordinated obligations of the Bank under Article 281 of the Insolvency Law and, 
consequently, will rank after claims referred to in limb (vii) in the paragraph above. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus it is uncertain when the BRRD II Draft Bill will be adopted and in which terms.
In addition, the BRRD II Draft Bill does not contain specific provisions transposing Article 48(7) of BRRD II 
and it is unclear how this provision will be transposed in Spain. According to Article 48(7) of BRRD II if an 
instrument is only partly recognised as an own funds item, the whole instrument shall be treated in insolvency 
as a claim resulting from an own funds item and shall rank lower than any claim that does not result from an 
own funds item. However, in other jurisdictions in the EU such transposition has required instruments which 
are fully disqualified as own funds items to cease to be treated as a claim resulting from an own funds item in 
insolvency and, consequently, improve their ranking with respect to any claim that results from an own funds 
item (such as the Subordinated Instruments). If the Spanish authorities were to transpose Article 48(7) of BRRD 
following such approach and certain Tier 2 Instruments of the Bank were to be disqualified as own funds items
in the future, their ranking would improve vis à vis the rest of the Tier 2 Subordinated Instruments.
Finally, certain provisions in the Insolvency Law may negatively affect holders of Instruments in general. 
Among other things, the Insolvency Law provides that: (i) any claim may become subordinated if it is not 
reported to the insolvency administrators (administradores concursales) within one month from the last official 
publication of the court order declaring the insolvency (if the insolvency proceeding is declared as abridged, 
the term to report may be reduced to fifteen days), (ii) provisions in a contract granting one party the right to 
terminate by reason only of the other's insolvency may not be enforceable, and (iii) interest (other than interest 
accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the value of the asset subject to the security) shall 
cease to accrue as from the date of the declaration of insolvency and any amount of interest accrued up to such 
date (other than any interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the value of the asset 
subject to the security) shall become subordinated.
The Senior Non Preferred Instruments are senior non preferred obligations and are junior to certain 
obligations
The Senior Non Preferred Instruments constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured senior 
non preferred obligations (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) of the Issuer in accordance with Additional 
Provision 14.2º of Law 11/2015, as amended by the Royal Decree-Law 11/2017 (“RDL 11/2017”). Upon the 
insolvency of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under the Senior Non 
Preferred Instruments rank, subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision 
of law (or otherwise), (a) pari passu among themselves and with any Senior Non Preferred Liabilities (as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions), (b) junior to the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities (as defined in the Terms 
and Conditions) and, accordingly, upon the insolvency of the Issuer, the claims in respect of Senior Non 
Preferred Instruments will be met after payment in full of the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities (including any 
excluded liabilities under article 72(a)2 of CRR II (as defined below)), and (c) senior to any present and future 
subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer in accordance with Article 281 of the Insolvency 
Law. In addition, the payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of interests accrued but unpaid under the 
Senior Non Preferred Instruments as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure in respect of the Issuer 
will constitute subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) ranking in accordance with Article 281.1.3º of the 
Insolvency Law. No further interest shall accrue on any Instruments from the date of the declaration of 
insolvency of the Issuer.

--- Page 58 ---
58
The Issuer's Senior Higher Priority Liabilities would include, among other liabilities, its deposit obligations 
(other than the deposit obligations qualifying as preferred liabilities (créditos con privilegio general) under 
Additional Provision 14.1º of Law 11/2015 which will rank senior), its obligations in respect of derivatives and 
other financial contracts and its unsubordinated and unsecured debt securities other than the Senior Non 
Preferred Liabilities. If the Issuer were wound up, liquidated or dissolved, the liquidator would apply the assets 
which are available to satisfy all claims in respect of its unsubordinated and unsecured liabilities, first to satisfy 
claims of all other creditors ranking ahead of Holders, including holders of Senior Higher Priority Liabilities, 
and then to satisfy claims in respect of principal of the Senior Non Preferred Instruments (and other Senior Non 
Preferred Liabilities). If the Issuer does not have sufficient assets to settle the claims of higher ranking creditors 
in full, the claims of the Holders under the Senior Non Preferred Instruments will not be satisfied. Holders will 
share equally in any distribution of assets available to satisfy all claims in respect of its unsubordinated and 
unsecured liabilities with the creditors under any other Senior Parity Liabilities if the Issuer does not have 
sufficient funds to make full payment to all of them.
If the BRRD II Draft Bill is adopted as currently drafted, bank deposits (mainly, non-eligible deposits and 
deposits of corporates other than those contemplated under Additional Provision 14.1º of Law 11/2015) which 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus do not constitute preferred liabilities (créditos con privilegio general)  
would be considered preferred liabilities (créditos con privilegio general) and, in the case of insolvency of the 
Bank, would rank senior to Ordinary Senior Instruments. Consequently, if the Issuer were wound up, liquidated 
or dissolved, the liquidator would apply the assets which are available to satisfy all claims of such depositors 
prior to Holders of Ordinary Senior Instruments.
In addition, if the Issuer enters into resolution, its eligible liabilities (including the Senior Non Preferred 
Instruments and eligible Ordinary Senior Instruments) may be subject to bail-in, meaning potential write-down 
or conversion into equity securities or other instruments. The sequence of any resulting write-down or 
conversion of eligible instruments under Article 48 of the BRRD and Article 48 of Law 11/2015 provides for 
claims to be written-down or converted into equity in accordance with the hierarchy of claims provided in the 
applicable insolvency legislation. Because the Senior Non Preferred Instruments are senior non preferred 
liabilities (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) the Issuer expects them to be written down or converted in full 
after any subordinated obligations of the Issuer under article 281 of the Insolvency Law and before any of the 
Issuer's Senior Higher Priority Liabilities are written down or converted. The Issuer expects that upon 
insolvency, the payment obligations in respect of principal under the Senior Non Preferred Instruments would 
rank pari passu with any obligations in respect of principal of any Senior Non Preferred Liabilities or any other 
securities with the same ranking issued by the Issuer. See “—Risks related to early intervention and resolution 
- Law 11/2015 enables a range of actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and investment firms 
considered to be at risk of failing. The taking of any action under Law 11/2015 could materially affect the value 
of any debt securities”.
As a consequence, Holders of the Senior Non Preferred Instruments would bear significantly more risk than 
creditors of the Issuer's Senior Higher Priority Liabilities and could lose all or a significant part of their 
investment if the Issuer were to become (i) subject to resolution under the BRRD (as implemented through Law 
11/2015 and Royal Decree 1012/2015) and the Senior Non Preferred Instruments become subject to the 
application of the bail-in or (ii) insolvent. 
Senior Non Preferred Instruments are new types of instruments for which there is little trading history
On 25 June 2017, RDL 11/2017 entered into force amending Additional Provision 14 of Law 11/2015, which 
paragraph 2 provides for the legal recognition of unsubordinated and unsecured senior non preferred obligations 
(créditos ordinarios no preferentes) in Spain. Although certain Spanish financial institutions have issued senior 
non-preferred securities or securities with similar features in the past, there is little trading history for securities 
of Spanish financial institutions with this ranking. 
Market participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the initial stages of evaluating the risks associated 
with senior non preferred securities. The credit ratings assigned to senior non preferred securities such as the 
Senior Non Preferred Instruments may change as the rating agencies refine their approaches, and the value of 
such securities may be particularly volatile as the market becomes more familiar with them. It is possible that, 
over time, the credit ratings and value of senior non preferred securities such as the Senior Non Preferred 
Instruments will be lower than those expected by investors at the time of issuance of the Senior Non Preferred 
Instruments. If so, Holders may incur losses in respect of their investments in the Senior Non Preferred 
Instruments.

--- Page 59 ---
59
If an investor holds Instruments which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, that investor 
will be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, 
the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Instruments could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Instruments
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Instruments in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor's Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency and/or the Specified Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation 
in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Instruments, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Instruments and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Instruments. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the 
Instruments. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 60 ---
60
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
The description of the Issuer is set out in certain sections of the 2020 Annual Report. These sections have been 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”, which 
provides a table reconciling the content of this section with the corresponding page number(s) of the 2020
Annual Report containing such information).

--- Page 61 ---
61
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in and to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus and will be published on the website of Banco Santander (www.santander.com):
1.
The annual report of the Issuer prepared for the year ended 31 December 2020 (the “2020 Annual 
Report”), which contains the English language translation of the audited annual consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer prepared under IFRS-EU for the year ended 31 December 2020 (the “2020
Financial Statements”) in pages 504 to 795. 
https://www.santander.com/content/dam/santander-com/en/documentos/informe-anual/2020/ia-2020-
annual-report-en.pdf
2.
The annual report of the Issuer prepared for the year ended 31 December 2019 (the “2019 Annual 
Report”), which contains the English language translation of the audited annual consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer prepared under IFRS-EU for the year ended 31 December 2019 (the “2019 
Financial Statements”) in pages 468 to 734.
https://www.santander.com/content/dam/santander-com/en/documentos/informe-anual/2019/ia-2019-
annual-report-en.pdf
3.
The “Terms and Conditions of the Instruments” set out on pages 49 to 90 (inclusive) of the Base 
Prospectus of Banco Santander, S.A. dated 16 March 2020.
https://www.santander.com/content/dam/santander-com/en/documentos/programas/documentos-
programas/PR-banco-santander-emtn-2020-en.pdf
4.
The “Terms and Conditions of the Instruments” set out on pages 66 to 105 (inclusive) of the Base 
Prospectus of Banco Santander, S.A. dated 12 March 2019.
https://www.santander.com/content/dam/santander-com/es/documentos/programas/documentos-
programas/PR-Banco%20Santander%20EMTN%202019-es.pdf
5.
The “Terms and Conditions of the Instruments” set out on pages 82 to 115 (inclusive) of the Base 
Prospectus of Banco Santander, S.A. dated 8 March 2018.
https://www.santander.com/content/dam/santander-com/es/documentos/programas/documentos-
programas/PR-EMTN%202018-Banco%20Santander%20EMTN%202018-es.pdf
6.
The “Terms and Conditions of the Instruments” set out on pages 140 to 174 (inclusive) of the Base 
Prospectus of Banco Santander, S.A. dated 6 March 2017 and the Supplement to such Base Prospectus 
dated 7 July 2017 to the extent such Supplement amends such Terms and Conditions, each prepared by 
Banco Santander, S.A. in connection with the Programme.
https://www.santander.com/content/dam/santander-com/es/documentos/programas/documentos-
programas/PR-EMTN%202017-Banco%20Santander%20EMTN%202017-es.pdf
https://www.santander.com/content/dam/santander-com/en/documentos/programas/documentos-
programas/PR-EMTN%202017-Banco%20Santander%20EMTN%201st%20Suplement-en.pdf
In relation to the 2020 Financial Statements, the 2019 Financial Statements and the 2020 Annual Report, any 
information not specified in the cross-reference tables set out below but which is included in the documents from 
which the information incorporated by reference has been derived, is for information purposes only and is not 
incorporated by reference because Banco Santander considers that it is not relevant for the investor. 
Issuer Annual Financial Information and Annual Report
The tables below set out the relevant page references in the 2020 Annual Report and the 2019 Financial 
Statements where the following information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be found:

--- Page 62 ---
62
Information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus
2020
Annual Report 
page reference(1)
1.
Independent Auditor's report on consolidated annual accounts for the year ended 31 
December 2020..............................................................................................................
504-515
2.
Audited consolidated balance sheets at 31 December 2020 and the comparative 
consolidated financial information of the Issuer at 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2018..............................................................................................................
517-520
3.
Audited consolidated income statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 
the comparative consolidated financial information of the Issuer for the years ended 
31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018...................................................................
521-522
4.
Audited consolidated statements of recognised income and expense for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 and the comparative consolidated financial information of 
the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 ...................
523-524
5.
Audited consolidated statements of changes in total equity for the year ended 31 
December 2020 and the comparative for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2018..............................................................................................................
525-530
6.
Audited consolidated statements of cash flow for the year ended 31 December 2020
and the comparative consolidated cash flow statement of the Issuer for the years 
ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 ........................................................
531-532
7.
Notes to the consolidated annual accounts for the year ended 31 December 2020........
533-
8.
2. Ownership structure ..................................................................................................
CG 177-181 (2)
9.
4. Board of directors .....................................................................................................
CG 190-237 (2)
10.
7. Group structure and internal governance ..................................................................
CG 264-266 (2)
11.
4. Financial information by segments ...........................................................................
EFR 357-400 (3)
12.
8. Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) .............................................................
EFR 412-419 (3)
13.
Glossary.........................................................................................................................
GL 496-501(4)
14.
General Information .....................................................................................................
GI 840-841 (5)
Notes:
(1) Not all the pages of the 2020 Annual Report are paginated continuously. See Notes below for detailed indications on 
where the relevant sections incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are located.
(2) “CG” corresponds to the section entitled “Corporate Governance” of the 2020 Annual Report located immediately 
after the section entitled “Responsible banking” and page references are to the page numbers appearing in the bottom 
left or right corner, as applicable, of each page in such section.
(3) “EFR” corresponds to the sub-section entitled “Economic Financial Review” of the 2020 Annual Report located 
immediately after the section entitled “Corporate governance” (see note (2) above) and page references are to the page 
numbers appearing in the bottom left or right corner, as applicable, of each page in such section.
(4) “GL” corresponds to the sub-section entitled “Glossary” of the 2020 Annual Report located immediately after the 
section entitled “Strategic risk” and page references are to the page numbers appearing in the bottom left or right 
corner, as applicable, of each page in such section.
(5)
“GI” corresponds to the section entitled “General Information” of the 2020 Annual Report located immediately after 
the Glossary and the page reference is to the page number appearing in the bottom left of such section.
Information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus
2019
Financial Statements 
page reference
1.
Independent Auditor's report on consolidated annual accounts for the year 
ended 31 December 2019 ....................................................................................
469-478

--- Page 63 ---
63
Information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus
2019
Financial Statements 
page reference
2.
Audited consolidated balance sheets at 31 December 2019 and the 
comparative consolidated financial information of the Issuer at 31 December 
2018 and 31 December 2017...............................................................................
480-483
3.
Audited consolidated income statements for the year ended 31 December 2019
and the comparative consolidated financial information of the Issuer for the 
years ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2017 .....................................
484-485
4.
Audited consolidated statements of recognised income and expense for the 
year ended 31 December 2019 and the comparative consolidated financial 
information of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2018 and 31 
December 2017....................................................................................................
486
5.
Audited consolidated statements of changes in total equity for the year ended 
31 December 2019 and the comparative for the years ended 31 December 
2018 and 31 December 2017...............................................................................
487-492
6.
Audited consolidated statements of cash flow for the year ended 31 December 
2019 and the comparative consolidated cash flow statement of the Issuer for 
the years ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2017 ...............................
493-494
7.
Notes to the consolidated annual accounts for the year ended 31 December 
2019.....................................................................................................................
497-733
The information on the corporate website of the Issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 64 ---
64
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS
The following, except for paragraphs in italics, is the text of the terms and conditions (the “Terms and 
Conditions”) that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, 
shall be applicable to the Instruments in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Instruments(s) 
and Global Registered Instrument(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of these Terms and 
Conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these Terms and Conditions 
as so completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-
applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Instruments or on the Individual Certificates relating 
to such Registered Instruments. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Terms and Conditions will 
have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on 
the definitive Instruments or Individual Certificates, as the case may be. 
The Instruments of each Tranche will be issued following the execution of a public deed (escritura pública) 
(the “Public Deed of Issuance”) to be executed before a Spanish notary public and to be registered with the 
Mercantile Registry of Cantabria on, prior to or after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Instruments
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Issue Date”), and which shall contain, among other information, the 
Terms and Conditions. Instruments where the relevant Final Terms specify English law as the governing law 
(the “English law Instruments”) and Instruments where the relevant Final Terms specify Spanish law as the 
governing law (the “Spanish law Instruments”) will be issued in accordance with, and will have the benefit 
of, an amended and restated issue and paying agency agreement (the “Issue and Paying Agency Agreement”, 
which expression shall include any amendments or supplements thereto) dated 15 March 2021 and made 
between Banco Santander, S.A. (the “Issuer”), The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch in its capacity 
as issue and paying agent (the “Issue and Paying Agent” which expressions shall include any successor to The 
Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch in its capacity as such and together any substitute or additional 
paying agents appointed in accordance with the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, the “Paying Agent”) and 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch in its capacity as registrar (the “Registrar”, which 
expression shall include any successor to The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch in its 
capacity as such). For the purposes of making determinations or calculations of interest rates, interest amounts, 
redemption amounts or any other matters requiring determination or calculation in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of any Series of Instruments (as defined below), the Issuer may appoint a Calculation Agent (as 
defined under Condition 4E.05) for the purposes of such Instruments, in accordance with the provisions of the 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, and such Calculation Agent shall be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. In relation to English law Instruments only, the Issuer has executed and delivered a deed of covenant 
dated 15 March 2021 (the “Deed of Covenant”). Copies of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement (to which 
the forms of the Global Instruments and the Global Registered Instruments are attached) and the Deed of 
Covenant (i) are, or will be, available for inspection free of charge during normal business hours at the specified 
office of each of the Paying Agents and the Registrar or (ii) may be provided by email to a Holder or an Account 
Holder as defined in Condition 22 (and as defined in the Deed of Covenant in relation to English law Instruments 
and in the Global Instruments or the Global Registered Instruments, as applicable, in relation to Spanish law 
Instruments) following their prior written request to the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar and provision 
of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be). All persons from time to time entitled to the benefit of obligations under any Instruments shall be 
deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant (in relation to English law Instruments only) and the provisions of the Global Instrument (as defined 
in Condition 22) and the Global Registered Instrument (as defined in Condition 22) insofar as they relate to the 
relevant Instruments.
The Instruments are issued in series (each, a “Series”), and each Series may comprise one or more tranches 
(“Tranches” and each, a “Tranche”) of Instruments. Each Tranche will be the subject of a Final Terms (each, 
a “Final Terms”), a copy of which will be available for inspection free of charge during normal business hours 
at the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent and the Registrar, as the case may be, and, in the case of a 
Tranche of Instruments listed on the regulated market of The Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext 
Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) and if the rules of such market so require, shall be published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie). In the case of a Tranche of Instruments in relation to which application has not 
been made for admission for listing on any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, copies of 
the Final Terms will only be available for inspection (or sent by email) by a Holder of or, as the case may be, 
an Account Holder in respect of, such Instruments.

--- Page 65 ---
65
References in these Terms and Conditions to “Instruments” are to Instruments of the relevant Series and any 
references to “Coupons” (as defined in Condition 1.02) and “Receipts” (as defined in Condition 1.02) are to 
Coupons and Receipts relating to Instruments of the relevant Series.
References in these Terms and Conditions to the “Final Terms” are to the Final Terms or Final Terms(s) 
prepared in relation to the Instruments of the relevant Tranche or Series.
In respect of any Instruments, references herein to these “Terms and Conditions” are to these terms and 
conditions as amended, modified or varied by the Final Terms.
1
Form, Denomination and Title 
1.01
The Instruments are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Instruments”) or in registered form (“Registered 
Instruments”) in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon. 
1.02
Bearer Instruments are serially numbered and are issued with interest coupons (“Coupons”), and, where 
appropriate, talons for further Coupons (a “Talon”) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon 
Instruments in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity 
Date), Coupons and Talons in these Terms and Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Instruments are 
issued with one or more receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receipts”) attached.
1.03
Registered Instruments are represented by registered certificates (“Individual Certificates”) and, save 
as provided in Condition 2.03, each Individual Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered 
Instruments by the same Holder.
1.04
Title to the Bearer Instruments and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the 
Registered Instruments shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept 
by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement (the 
“Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Holder (as 
defined below) of any Instrument, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Individual Certificate representing it) or 
its theft or loss (or that of the related Individual Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating 
the Holder.
1.05
In these Terms and Conditions, “Holder” means the bearer of any Bearer Instruments, Receipt, Coupon 
or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Instrument is registered (as the case may be), and 
capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating 
that such term is not applicable to the Instruments.
2
No Exchange of Instruments and Transfers of Registered Instruments
2.01
No Exchange of Instruments: Registered Instruments may not be exchanged for Bearer Instruments. 
Bearer Instruments of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Instruments of 
another Specified Denomination. Bearer Instruments may not be exchanged for Registered Instruments.
2.02
Transfer of Registered Instruments: One or more Registered Instruments may be transferred upon the 
surrender (at the specified office of the Registrar) for registration of the Individual Certificate 
representing such Registered Instruments to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed 
on such Individual Certificate (or another form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing 
the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly 
completed and executed under the hand of the transferor or, where the transferor is a corporation, under 
its common seal or under the hand of two of its officers duly authorised in writing, and any other 
evidence as the Registrar may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of 
the persons who have executed the form of transfer. In particular, where the form of transfer is executed 
by an attorney or, in the case of a corporation, under seal or under the hand of two of its officers duly 
authorised in writing, a copy of the relevant power of attorney certified by a financial institution in good 
standing or a notary public or in such other manner as the Registrar may require or, as the case may be, 
copies certified in the manner aforesaid of the documents authorising such officers to sign and witness

--- Page 66 ---
66
the affixing of the seal must be delivered with the form of transfer. In this Condition 2.02, “transferor” 
shall, where the context permits or requires, include joint transferors and shall be construed accordingly.
The executors or administrators of a deceased or bankrupt Holder of a Registered Instrument (not being 
one of several joint Holders) and, in the case of the death of one or more of several joint Holders, the 
survivor or survivors of such joint Holders, shall be the only persons recognised by the Issuer as having 
any title to such Registered Instrument. Any person becoming entitled to any Registered Instruments in 
consequence of the death or bankruptcy of the Holder of such Registered Instruments may, upon 
producing such evidence that he holds the position in respect of which he proposes to act under this 
paragraph or of his title as the Registrar may require (including legal opinions), become registered 
himself as the Holder of such Instruments or, subject to the provisions of these Regulations, the 
Instruments and the Terms and Conditions as to transfer, may transfer such Registered Instruments. The 
Issuer, the Registrar and the Paying Agents shall be at liberty to retain any amount payable upon the 
Registered Instruments to which any person is so entitled until such person is so registered or duly 
transfers such Instruments.
A Holder of Registered Instruments may transfer all or part only of his holding of Instruments provided 
that both the principal amount of the Instruments transferred, and the principal amount of the balance 
not transferred are a Specified Denomination (as defined in Condition 10C.03). In the case of a transfer 
of part only of a holding of Registered Instruments represented by one Individual Certificate, a new 
Individual Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new 
Individual Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the 
transferor. Where there is more than one transferee (to hold other than as joint Holders), separate forms 
of transfer (obtainable from the specified office of the Registrar) must be completed in respect of each 
new holding. 
2.03
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Instruments: In the case of an 
exercise of an Issuer's or Holder's option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding of Registered 
Instruments represented by a single Individual Certificate, a new Individual Certificate shall be issued 
to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not 
redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Instruments of the same 
holding having different terms, separate Individual Certificates shall be issued in respect of those 
Instruments of that holding that have the same terms. New Individual Certificates shall only be issued 
against surrender of the existing Individual Certificates to the Registrar. In the case of a transfer of 
Registered Instruments to a person who is already a Holder of Registered Instruments, a new Individual 
Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Individual 
Certificate representing the existing holding.
2.04
Delivery of New Individual Certificates: Each new Individual Certificate to be issued pursuant to 
Conditions 2.02 or 2.03 shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form 
of transfer or redemption notice (under Conditions 5.06, 5.07 and 5.08) and surrender of the Individual 
Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Individual Certificate(s) in respect of which entries have 
been made in the Register, all formalities complied with and the name of the transferee completed by or 
on behalf of the Registrar, shall be made at the specified office of the Registrar to whom delivery or 
surrender of such form of transfer, redemption notice (under Conditions 5.06, 5.07 and 5.08) or 
Individual Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the Holder making such delivery or 
surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the form of transfer, redemption notice (under Conditions 5.06, 
5.07 and 5.08) or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the Holder entitled to 
the new Individual Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such Holder requests 
otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Paying Agent the costs of such other method of delivery 
and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2.04, “business day” means a day, other than 
a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the 
Registrar to whom such request for exchange or form of transfer shall have been delivered. Unless 
otherwise required by him and agreed by the Issuer and the Registrar, the Holder of any Instruments 
shall be entitled to receive only one Individual Certificate in respect of his holding. The joint Holders of 
any Registered Instrument shall be entitled to one Individual Certificate only in respect of their joint 
holding which shall, except where they otherwise direct, be delivered to the joint Holder whose name 
appears first in the Register in respect of the joint holding.

--- Page 67 ---
67
2.05
Transfer Free of Charge: Transfers of Instruments and Individual Certificates on registration, transfer, 
partial redemption, issue of any Registered Instruments or delivery thereof at the specified office of the 
Registrar or by uninsured post to the address specified by the Holder, or exercise of an option shall be 
effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar, but shall be effected against such 
indemnity from the Holder or the transferee thereof as the Registrar may require in respect of payment 
of any tax or other duty or governmental charges that may be levied or imposed in relation to it.
2.06
Closed Periods: No Holder may require the transfer of a Registered Instrument to be registered (i) during 
the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of, or payment of any Instalment Amount 
in respect of, that Instrument, (ii) during the period of 15 days before any date on which Instruments 
may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 5.05, (iii) after any such 
Instrument has been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and 
including) any Record Date.
3
Status of the Instruments
Status of Senior Instruments
3.01
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Instruments which specify their status as Ordinary Senior 
Instruments (“Ordinary Senior Instruments”) or as Senior Non Preferred Instruments (“Senior Non 
Preferred Instruments”, together with the Ordinary Senior Instruments “Senior Instruments”) in the 
relevant Final Terms constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
(créditos ordinarios) of the Issuer and, in accordance with Additional Provision 14.2º of Law 11/2015, 
but subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or 
otherwise), upon the insolvency of the Issuer, such payment obligations in respect of principal rank:
(i)
in the case of Ordinary Senior Instruments:
(a)
pari passu among themselves and with any Senior Higher Priority Liabilities; and 
(b)
senior to (i) Senior Non Preferred Liabilities and (ii) any present and future subordinated 
obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer in accordance with Article 281 of the 
Insolvency Law; and
(ii)
in the case of Senior Non Preferred Instruments:
(a)
pari passu among themselves and with any Senior Non Preferred Liabilities;
(b)
junior to the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities (and, accordingly, upon the insolvency of 
the Issuer the claims in respect of Senior Non Preferred Instruments will be met after 
payment in full of the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities); and
(c)
senior to any present and future subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the 
Issuer in accordance with Article 281 of the Insolvency Law.
Claims of Holders of Senior Instruments in respect of interest accrued but unpaid as of the 
commencement of any insolvency procedure in respect of the Issuer shall constitute subordinated claims 
(créditos subordinados) against the Issuer ranking in accordance with the provisions of Article 281.1.3º 
of the Insolvency Law and no further interest shall accrue from the date of the declaration of insolvency 
of the Issuer.
The obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Instruments are subject to the Bail-in Power.
The Issuer expects that upon insolvency, the payment obligations in respect of principal under the Senior 
Non Preferred Instruments would rank pari passu with any obligations in respect of principal of any 
second ranking senior instruments issued under the Programme or any other securities with the same 
ranking issued by the Issuer.
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions:
“Insolvency Law” means the Spanish Insolvency Act (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, 
por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal), as amended from time to time;

--- Page 68 ---
68
“Law 11/2015” means Law 11/2015 of 18 June on recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended from time to time;
“Senior Higher Priority Liabilities” means any obligations in respect of principal of the Issuer under 
any Ordinary Senior Instruments and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations (créditos 
ordinarios) of the Issuer, other than the Senior Non Preferred Liabilities; and
“Senior Non Preferred Liabilities” means any unsubordinated and unsecured senior non preferred 
obligations (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) of the Issuer under Additional Provision 14.2º of Law 
11/2015, as amended by Royal Decree-Law 11/2017, of 23 June, on urgent measures in financial matters, 
and as further amended from time to time, (including any Senior Non Preferred Instruments) and any 
other obligations which, by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank 
pari passu with the Senior Non Preferred Liabilities.
Status of the Subordinated Instruments
3.02
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Instruments which specify their status as Subordinated 
Instruments in the relevant Final Terms (“Subordinated Instruments”, which may be, in turn, Senior 
Subordinated Instruments (“Senior Subordinated Instruments”) or Tier 2 Subordinated Instruments
(“Tier 2 Subordinated Instruments”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on account of principal 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the 
Issuer according to Article 281.1.2º of the Insolvency Law and, in accordance with Additional Provision 
14.3º of Law 11/2015, but subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory 
provision of law (or otherwise), upon the insolvency of the Issuer rank:
(i)
for so long as the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant Subordinated Instruments 
constitute Senior Subordinated Liabilities of the Issuer:
(a)
pari passu among themselves and with (i) all other claims for principal in respect of 
Senior Subordinated Liabilities, and (ii) any other subordinated obligations (créditos 
subordinados) which by law and/or by their terms, to the extent permitted by Spanish law, 
rank pari passu with the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Subordinated Instruments;
(b)
junior to (i) any unsubordinated obligations (créditos ordinarios) of the Issuer (including 
any Senior Non Preferred Liabilities), and (iii) any other subordinated obligations 
(créditos subordinados) which by law and/or by their terms, to the extent permitted by 
Spanish law, rank senior to the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Subordinated 
Instruments; and
(c)
senior to (i) any claims for principal in respect of Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 
Instruments, and (ii) any other subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the 
Issuer which by law and/or by their terms, to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank 
junior to the obligations of the Issuer under the relevant Subordinated Instruments; and
This status is expected to apply if the Subordinated Instruments are specified as Senior 
Subordinated Instruments in the relevant Final Terms.
(ii)
for so long as the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant Subordinated Instruments 
constitute Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer:
(a)
pari passu among themselves and with (i) all other claims for principal in respect of Tier 
2 Instruments, and (ii) any other subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) which
by law and/or by their terms, to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu with 
the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Subordinated Instruments;
(b)
junior to (i) any unsubordinated obligations (créditos ordinarios) of the Issuer (including 
any Senior Non Preferred Liabilities), (ii) any claim for principal in respect of Senior 
Subordinated Liabilities and (iii) any other subordinated obligations (créditos 
subordinados) which by law and/or by their terms, to the extent permitted by Spanish law, 
rank senior to the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Subordinated Instruments; and
(c)
senior to (i) any claims for principal in respect of Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the 
Issuer and (ii) any other subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer

--- Page 69 ---
69
which by law and/or by their terms, to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank junior to 
the obligations of the Issuer under the relevant Subordinated Instruments.
This status is expected to apply if the Subordinated Instruments are specified as Tier 2 
Subordinated Instruments in the relevant Final Terms.
The obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Instruments are subject to the Bail-in Power. 
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions: 
“Additional Tier 1 Instrument” means any contractually subordinated obligation (créditos 
subordinados) of the Issuer according to Article 281.1.2º of the Insolvency Law, ranking as an additional 
tier 1 instrument (instrumentos de capital adicional de nivel 1) under Additional Provision 14.3º(c) of 
Law 11/2015;
“Bail-in Power” means any power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, 
any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom of Spain, relating to (i) the 
transposition of the BRRD (including but not limited to, Law 11/2015, Royal Decree 1012/2015 and any 
other implementing regulations) as amended or superseded from time to time, (ii) the SRM Regulation
and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of a 
Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be reduced, cancelled, suspended, 
modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such Regulated Entity (or 
affiliate of such Regulated Entity);
“Group” means the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries; 
“Regulator” means the European Central Bank, the Bank of Spain or such other or successor 
governmental authority exercising primary bank supervisory authority from time to time, in each case 
with respect to prudential matters in relation to the Issuer and/or the Group;
“Senior Subordinated Liabilities” means any contractually subordinated obligation (créditos 
subordinados) of the Issuer according to Article 281.1.2º of the Insolvency Law, ranking as subordinated 
debt which is not an Additional Tier 1 Instrument or a Tier 2 Instrument (deuda subordinada que no sea 
capital adicional de nivel 1 o 2) under Additional Provision 14.3º(a) of Law 11/2015; and
“Tier 2 Instrument” means any contractually subordinated obligation (créditos subordinados) of the 
Issuer according to Article 281.1.2º of the Insolvency Law, ranking as a tier 2 instrument (instrumentos 
de capital de nivel 2) under Additional Provision 14.3º(b) of Law 11/2015.
4
Interest
Instruments may be interest-bearing. The Final Terms in relation to each Tranche of Instruments shall specify 
which of Condition 4A, 4B, 4C or 4D shall be applicable and Condition 4E will be applicable to each Tranche 
of Instruments save for where Condition 4D applies, and further save, in each case, to the extent inconsistent 
with the relevant Final Terms. In relation to any Tranche of Instruments, the relevant Final Terms may specify 
actual amounts of interest payable rather than, or in addition to, a rate or rates at which interest accrues.
4A
Interest — Fixed Rate
This Condition 4A applies to Fixed Rate Instruments only or Instruments which for any period in respect of 
which this Condition is applicable. The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to the 
determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 4A for full information 
on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Instruments.
Instruments in relation to which this Condition 4A applies and the relevant Final Terms specify as being 
applicable shall bear interest from (and including) their Issue Date or from such other Interest Commencement 
Date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms at the rate or rates per annum equal to the Rate of Interest 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (or otherwise, as specified in the relevant Final Terms). Such interest will 
be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date specified in the relevant Final Terms and on the date Maturity 
Date. Interest in respect of a period of less than one year will be calculated on such basis as may be specified 
in Condition 4E.02 and the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 70 ---
70
4B
Interest — Reset Instruments
This Condition 4B applies to Reset Instruments only or Instruments which for any period in respect of which 
this Condition is applicable. The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to the determination of 
reset rate of interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 4B for full information on the manner 
in which interest is calculated on Reset Instruments.
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
4B.01 Instruments in relation to which this Condition 4B applies and the relevant Final Terms specify as being 
applicable shall bear interest:
(A)
from (and including) their Issue Date or from such other date as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms until (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial 
Rate of Interest; 
(B)
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no 
such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate 
per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(C)
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal to the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest,
the relevant Rate of Interest being payable, in each case, on each Interest Payment Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and on the Maturity Date. The Interest Amount in respect of a period of less than 
one year will be calculated on such basis as may be specified in Condition 4E.02 and the relevant Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms as adjusted (if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) as if the relevant Reset Date was an Interest Payment Date; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) 
the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to Condition 
4B.02, the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date 
as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate, as may be adjusted in the applicable Final Terms, and 
the First Margin; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 4B.02, 
either: 
(i)
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B)
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page (as defined in Condition 10C.03) or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information; or 
(ii)
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)), of the bid and offered swap rate quotations 
for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and

--- Page 71 ---
71
(B)
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page (as defined in Condition 10C.03) or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Non-Sterling Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any Reset Period and related Reset 
Determination Date, the rate per annum equal to the yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reset Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reset Reference 
Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reset Reference Bond Price for 
such Reset Determination Date;
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the Issuer (following, 
where practicable, consultation with an investment bank or financial institution of international repute 
determined to be appropriate by the Issuer, which, for avoidance of doubt, could be the Calculation 
Agent), or the affiliates of such banks, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues;
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent), of the bid and offered prices for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed in each 
case as a percentage of its principal amount) as at the Reset Determination Time on such Reset 
Determination Date and, if relevant, on a dealing basis for settlement that is customarily used at such 
time and quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer;
“Reset Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks are open for business and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in any Reset Business Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as 
applicable); 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Reset Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Reset 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, 
the second Reset Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period;
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
“Reset Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by the 
government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency 
is euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer (after consultation with an investment bank or financial 
institution of international repute determined to be appropriate by the Issuer, which, for avoidance of 
doubt, could be the Calculation Agent) as having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable 
with the relevant Reset Period and that (in the opinion of the Issuer) would be utilised, at the time of 
selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt 
securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset 
Period;
“Reset Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date:
(A)
the arithmetic average (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of the Reference Government 
Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after excluding the highest and 
lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations; or
(B)
if fewer than five but more than one such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are 
received, the arithmetic average (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of all such quotations; 
or
(C)
if only one Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation is received, such quotation; or

--- Page 72 ---
72
(D)
if no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received when U.S. Treasury Rate does 
not apply, in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest, the Initial Reference Rate and, in the case 
of any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, the Reset Reference Rate as at the last preceding Reset 
Date, or when U.S. Treasury Rate does apply, the U.S. Treasury Rate shall be determined in 
accordance with the second paragraph in the definition of U.S. Treasury Rate;
“Reset Reference Rate” means one of the (i) Mid-Swap Rate, (ii) the Sterling Reference Bond Rate, 
(iii) the Non-Sterling Reference Bond Rate or (iv) the U.S. Treasury Rate, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms as adjusted (if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) as if the relevant Reset Date was an Interest Payment Date; 
“Sterling Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any Reset Period and related Reset 
Determination Date, the gross redemption yield in respect of the Reset Reference Bond expressed as a 
percentage and calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt 
Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 5, Section 
One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or 
Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 
2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time to time) 
or, if such basis is no longer in customary market usage at such time, a gross redemption yield calculated 
in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by the Issuer following 
consultation with an investment bank or financial institution of international repute determined to be 
appropriate by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, could be the Calculation Agent), on an 
annual or semi-annual (as the case may be) compounding basis (rounded up (if necessary) to four 
decimal places) of the Reset Reference Bond in respect of that Reset Period, assuming a price for the 
Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reset Reference 
Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date;
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms as adjusted 
(if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) as if the relevant Reset Date was an Interest Payment Date; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date; and 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 4B.02, the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate, as may be adjusted in the applicable 
Final Terms, and the relevant Subsequent Margin.
“U.S. Treasury Rate” means, with respect to any Reset Period and related Reset Determination Date, 
the rate per annum calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: (1) the average of the yields on actively 
traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity, for a maturity comparable with the Reset 
Period, for the five business days immediately prior to the Reset Determination Date and appearing 
under the caption “Treasury constant maturities” at the Reset Determination Time on the Reset 
Determination Date in the applicable most recently published statistical release designated “H.15 Daily 
Update”, or any successor publication that is published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System that establishes yields on actively traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity, 
under the caption “Treasury Constant Maturities”, for a maturity comparable with the Reset Period; or 
(2) if such release (or any successor release) is not published during the week immediately prior to the 
Reset Determination Date or does not contain such yields, the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual 
equivalent yield to maturity of the Reset Reference Bond, calculated using a price for the Reset 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reset Reference Bond 
Price for such Reset Determination Date; If the U.S. Treasury Rate cannot be determined, for whatever 
reason, as described under (1) or (2) above, “U.S. Treasury Rate” means the rate in percentage per annum 
as notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer equal to the yield on U.S. Treasury securities having a 
maturity comparable with the Reset Period as set forth in the most recently published statistical release 
designated “H.15 Daily Update” under the caption “Treasury constant maturities” (or any successor

--- Page 73 ---
73
publication that is published weekly by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and that 
establishes yields on actively traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity under the 
caption “Treasury constant maturities” for the maturity comparable with the Reset Period) and as at the 
Reset Determination Time on the last available date preceding the Reset Determination Date on which 
such rate was set forth in such release (or any successor release).
4B.02 Fallbacks
If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page (as defined in Condition 10C.03) is not 
available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page (as defined in Condition 
10C.03), the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for 
the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent 
with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be the sum of 
the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent.
(0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) and the First or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.
If on any Reset Determination Date none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with a 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) shall be (i) the rate determined on the previous Reset Determination Date (if any) 
or (ii) if there is no such previous Reset Determination Date, the Mid-Swap Rate which last appeared on 
the Relevant Screen Page, in each case, substituting, where a different margin is to be applied to the
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period in place of the margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period.
For the purposes of this Condition 4B.02:
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Duration specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction 
in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market 
and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap 
Maturity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for 
floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent);
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is euro or 
LIBOR if the Specified Currency is not euro; and
“Reference Banks” means the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
of four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with the 
relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international 
repute.

--- Page 74 ---
74
4C
Interest — Floating Rate Instruments and CMS-Linked Instruments 
This Condition 4C applies to Floating Rate Instruments, CMS-Linked Instruments or Instruments which for any 
period in respect of which this Condition is applicable. The applicable Final Terms contain provisions 
applicable to the determination of interest in respect of such Instruments and must be read in conjunction with 
this Condition 4C for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate 
Instruments and CMS-Linked Instruments.
4C.01 Instruments in relation to which this Condition 4C applies and the relevant Final Terms specify as being 
applicable, shall bear interest at the rate or rates per annum (or otherwise, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) determined in accordance with this Condition 4C. The Rate of Interest payable from time 
to time in respect of Floating Rate Instruments and CMS-Linked Instruments will be determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.
4C.02 Such Instruments shall bear interest from (and including) their Issue Date or from such other Interest 
Commencement Date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such interest will be payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date. The Interest Amount in respect of a 
period of less than one year will be calculated on such basis as may be specified in Condition 4E.02 and 
the relevant Final Terms.
4C.03 Screen Rate Determination
If “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest (the “Screen Rate”) is to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to such 
Instruments for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent (as defined in Condition 
4E.05) on the following basis:
(A)
if the Reference Rate (as defined in Condition 10C.03) is a composite quotation or customarily 
supplied by one entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page (as defined in Condition 10C.03) as of the Relevant Time (as defined 
in Condition 10C.03) on the relevant Interest Determination Date (as defined in Condition 
10C.03); 
(B)
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date;
(C)
if, in the case of (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (B) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, the Calculation Agent will:
(1)
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre (as defined in Condition 10C.03) office of 
each of the Reference Banks (as defined in Condition 10C.03) to provide a quotation of 
the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
offered to leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and
(2)
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and
(D)
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Relevant Financial Centre (or in the case of 
Instruments denominated in euro, in such financial centre(s) as the Calculation Agent may select), 
selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre or local time at such other financial centre(s) as aforesaid) on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period 
equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in that market at that time and the Screen Rate for such Interest Period shall be the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined,
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an 
arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Screen

--- Page 75 ---
75
Rate will be the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the 
Instruments in respect of a preceding Interest Period, substituting, where a different margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period. 
4C.04 Screen Rate Determination – SONIA
If “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest (the “Screen Rate”) is to be determined and the Final Terms specify that the Reference 
Rate is SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated in accordance with
Condition 4C.04(A), Condition 4C.04(B) or Condition 4C.04(C) below, subject to the provisions of
Condition 4C.04(E) and Condition 4C.04(F) below, as applicable:
(A)
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “SONIA 
Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the Compounded Daily 
SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting 
percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards.
(B)
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “SONIA Index 
Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the Compounded Daily 
SONIA Index plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting 
percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards.
(C)
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “SONIA 
Weighted Average”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the Weighted Average 
SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting 
percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards.
(D)
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 4C.04
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment in Sterling (with the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(SONIA) as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated as follows:
(x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms in 
accordance with the following formula:
(y) if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in accordance 
with the following formula:
Where, in each case:
“d” is the number of calendar days in (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period, or (y) if

--- Page 76 ---
76
“Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Observation Period;
“d0” means (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days 
in the relevant Interest Period, or (y) if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period;
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day
(x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, in the relevant Interest Period or (y) if “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, in the relevant Observation Period;
“Interest Period End Date” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Lock-out Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from and including 
the day following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the Interest Period End
Date falling at the end of such Interest Period;
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London;
“ni”, for any London Banking Dayi, means the number of calendar days from and including 
such London Banking Dayi up to but excluding the following London Banking Day;
“Observation Period” means the period from and including the date falling “p” London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest 
Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the Interest Period End Date
for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Instruments become due and payable);
“p” means, in respect of an Interest Period where “Lag” or “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, five London Banking Days or such larger
number of days as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Reference Day” means each London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period that is 
not a London Banking Day falling in the Lock-out Period;
the “SONIA reference rate”, means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (in each case on the London 
Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day);
“SONIAi” means, in respect of any London Banking Dayi:
(x) if “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the SONIA 
reference rate in respect of pLBD in respect of such London Banking Dayi; or
(y) if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms:
(1) in respect of any London Banking Dayi that is a Reference Day, the SONIA 
reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day immediately preceding 
such Reference Day; otherwise
(2) the SONIA reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day immediately 
preceding the Interest Determination Date for the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 77 ---
77
(z) if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the SONIA 
reference rate for such London Banking Dayi;
“SONIAi-pLBD” means:
(x) if “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in respect 
of a London Banking Dayi, SONIAi in respect of the London Banking Day falling p London 
Banking Days prior to such London Banking Dayi (“pLBD”); or
(y) if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in 
respect of a London Banking Dayi, SONIAi in respect of such London Banking Dayi; 
“Compounded Daily SONIA Index” means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment in Sterling (with the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA) as a reference rate for the calculation of interest) by 
reference to the screen rate or index for compounded daily SONIA rates administered by 
the administrator of the SONIA reference rate that is published or displayed by such 
administrator or other information service from time to time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as further specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “SONIA 
Compounded Index”) and will be calculated as follows:
Where, in each case:
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to 
which SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is determined;
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London;
“p” means five London Banking Days or such larger number of days as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;
“Compounded IndexStart” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SONIA 
Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling “p” London Banking Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period; and
“SONIA Compounded IndexEnd” means with respect to an Interest Period, the SONIA 
Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling “p” London Banking Days 
prior to the Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” London 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Instruments become due and 
payable); and
“Weighted Average SONIA” means:
(x) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the sum of 
the SONIA reference rate in respect of each calendar day during the relevant Observation Period 
divided by the number of calendar days during such Observation Period. For these purposes, the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of any calendar day which is not a London Banking Day shall 
be deemed to be the SONIA reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day; or
(y) where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
sum of the SONIA reference rate in respect of each calendar day during the relevant Interest 
Period divided by the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, provided that, for 
any calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period for the relevant Interest

--- Page 78 ---
78
Period, the SONIA reference rate for such calendar day will be deemed to be the SONIA 
reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day immediately preceding the first day of such 
Lock-out Period. For these purposes, the SONIA reference rate in respect of any calendar day 
which is not a London Banking Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day.
(E)
Where the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period is calculated in accordance with Condition 
4C.04(B), if the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
(or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication 
thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the 
SONIA reference rate or of such other information service, as the case may be) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Period for which 
the SONIA Compounded Index is not available in accordance with Condition 4C.04(A) above and 
for these purposes the “Observation Method” shall be deemed to be “Shift”.
(F)
If, in respect of any London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA 
reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by 
the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA reference rate shall be: 
(i)
(A) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the arithmetic mean of the spread of the SONIA 
reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which the 
SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more 
than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there 
is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate, or
(ii)
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA reference rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of England publishing guidance as to (i) 
how the SONIAreference is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA reference 
rate, the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall follow such guidance to determine the SONIA 
reference rate for so long as the SONIA reference is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors.
If the relevant Series of Instruments become due and payable in accordance with Condition 6, the 
final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Instruments became due and 
payable and the Rate of Interest on such Instruments shall, for so long as any such Instrument 
remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the purpose of such 
interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly.
4C.05  Screen Rate Determination – SOFR
If “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest (the “Screen Rate”) is to be determined and the Final Terms specify that the Reference 
Rate is SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated in accordance with
Condition 4C.05(A) or Condition 4C.05(B) below, subject to the provisions of Condition 4C.05(D):
(A)
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the SOFR Arithmetic Mean 
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards.

--- Page 79 ---
79
(B)
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “SOFR 
Compound”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the Compounded Daily SOFR 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent with the resulting 
percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards.
(C)
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 4C.05:
“Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page”
means the Bloomberg screen designated 
“SOFRRATE” or any successor page or service;
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means with respect to an Interest Period, an amount equal to the 
rate of return for each calendar day during the Interest Period, compounded daily, calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows:
(i)
if “SOFR Compound with Lookback” is specified in the relevant Final Terms:
Where:
“d” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest
Period;
“d0” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period;
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period;
“Lookback Period” or “p” means five U.S. Government Securities Business Days or such 
larger number of days as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“ni” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi up to, 
but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“SOFRi” means, in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the SOFR 
in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and
“SOFRi-pUSBD” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, SOFRi
in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days equal to the Lookback Period prior to such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Dayi (“pUSBD”), provided that, unless SOFR Cut-Off 
Date is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, SOFRi in respect of each 
U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi in the period from, and including, the SOFR 
Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the next occurring Interest Period End Date, will be SOFRi
in respect of the SOFR Cut-Off Date for such Interest Period;
(ii)
if “SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms:
Where:
“d” means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Observation Period;

--- Page 80 ---
80
“d0” means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period;
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S.
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Period;
“ni” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi up to, 
but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day;
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling the number of Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date that is the number of 
Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring Interest Period End Date for such 
Interest Period;
“Observation Shift Days” means five U.S. Government Securities Business Days or such 
larger number of days as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
“SOFRi” means, in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the SOFR
in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day;
(iii)
if “SOFR Compound with Payment Delay” is specified in the relevant Final Terms:
Where:
“d” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest 
Period;
“d0” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period;
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period;
“Interest Period End Dates” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;
“Interest Payment Dates” shall be the dates occurring the number of Business Days equal 
to the Interest Payment Delay following each Interest Period End Date; provided that the 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Period will be the Maturity Date 
or, if the Instruments are to be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date, such earlier date on 
which the Instruments become due and payable;
“Interest Payment Delay” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Interest Determination Date” shall be the Interest Period End Date at the end of each 
Interest Period; provided that the Interest Determination Date with respect to the final 
Interest Period will be the SOFR Cut-Off Date;
“ni” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi up to, 
but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi; and
“SOFRi” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi in the relevant 
Interest Period, the SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi.

--- Page 81 ---
81
For purposes of calculating SOFR Compound with Payment Delay with respect to the 
final Interest Period, the level of SOFR for each U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the period from and including the SOFR Cut-Off Date to but excluding the 
Maturity Date or any earlier date on which the Instruments become due and payable, as 
applicable, shall be the level of SOFR in respect of such SOFR Cut-Off Date.
(iv)
if “SOFR Index with Observation Shift” is specified in the relevant Final Terms:
Where:
“dc” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period;
“Interest Period End Dates” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;
“Observation Shift Days” means five U.S. Government Securities Business Days or such 
larger number of days as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“SOFR Index” means with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, (i) 
the SOFR Index value as published by the NY Federal Reserve as such index appears on 
the NY Federal Reserve's Website at the SOFR Determination Time; or (ii) if the SOFR 
Index specified in (i) above does not so appear, unless both a SOFR Transition Event and 
its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred, the SOFR Index as published in 
respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
SOFR Index was published on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website;
“SOFR IndexFinal” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the value of the SOFR Index 
on the date falling the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring Interest Period End Date for such 
Interest Period; 
“SOFR IndexInitial” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the value of the SOFR Index 
on the date falling the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (or, in the case of the 
first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date);
“NY Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York;
“NY Federal Reserve's Website” means the website of the NY Federal Reserve, currently 
at www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the NY Federal Reserve or the 
website of any successor administrator of SOFR;
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” means the Reuters page designated “USDSOFR=” or any 
successor page or service;
“SOFR” means the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, in accordance with the following provisions:
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day that appears at approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City 
time) (the “SOFR Determination Time”) on the NY Federal Reserve's Website on 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as such rate is reported on the 
Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day or, if no such rate is reported on the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE 
Page, then the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that is reported on the Reuters 
Page USDSOFR= or, if no such rate is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=, 
then the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that appears at approximately 3:00 p.m.

--- Page 82 ---
82
(New York City time) on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website on such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR Screen Page”); or
(ii) 
if the rate specified in (a) above does not so appear and the Calculation Agent 
determines that a SOFR Transition Event has not occurred, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate published on the NY Federal Reserve's Website for the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website;
“SOFR Arithmetic Mean” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the arithmetic mean 
of SOFR for each calendar day during such Interest Period, as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent, provided that, SOFR in respect of each calendar day during the period 
from, and including, the SOFR Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the next occurring Interest 
Period End Date will be SOFR on the SOFR Cut-Off Date. For these purposes, SOFR in 
respect of any calendar day which is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day shall, 
subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day;
“SOFR Cut-Off Date” means, unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the fourth U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day prior to the next occurring Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period (or such 
other number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms); and
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(SIFMA) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.
Notwithstanding Conditions 4C.05(A) to 4C.05(C) above, if the Calculation Agent 
determines on or prior to the SOFR Determination Time, that a SOFR Transition Event 
and its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the relevant SOFR 
Benchmark (as defined below), then the provisions set forth in Condition 4C.05(D) (SOFR 
Replacement Provisions) below will apply to all determinations of the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period thereafter.
(D)
SOFR Replacement Provisions
If the Calculation Agent, failing which the Issuer, determines at any time prior to the SOFR 
Determination Time on any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that a SOFR Transition 
Event and the related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred, the Calculation Agent will appoint 
an agent (the “Replacement Rate Determination Agent”) which will determine the SOFR 
Replacement. The Replacement Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-
dealer or benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency as appointed 
by the Calculation Agent, (y) the Issuer, (z) an affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or 
(zz) such other entity that the Calculation Agent determines to be competent to carry out such 
role.
In connection with the determination of the SOFR Replacement, the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent will determine appropriate SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes.
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent or 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent (as the case may be) pursuant to these provisions, will 
(in the absence of manifest error) be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, 
the Issue and Paying Agent and the Holders.
Following the designation of a SOFR Replacement, the Calculation Agent may subsequently 
determine that a SOFR Transition Event and a related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred in 
respect of such SOFR Replacement, provided that the SOFR Benchmark has already been 
substituted by the SOFR Replacement and any SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes in 
connection with such substitution have been applied. In such circumstances, the SOFR

--- Page 83 ---
83
Replacement shall be deemed to be the SOFR Benchmark and all relevant definitions shall be 
construed accordingly.
In connection with the SOFR Replacement provisions above, the following definitions shall 
apply:
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to 
time;
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to 
be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to SOFR for the 
applicable tenor;
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of a SOFR Transition Event with respect 
to SOFR for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
and/or the NY Federal Reserve or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or any successor 
thereto;
“SOFR Benchmark” means (a) (unless “SOFR Index with Observation Shift” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) SOFR or (b) SOFR Index (each as defined in Condition 4C.05(C) above);
“SOFR Replacement” means any one (or more) of the SOFR Replacement Alternatives to be 
determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the SOFR Replacement Date if 
the Calculation Agent failing which the Issuer, determines that a SOFR Transition Event and its 
related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred on or prior to the SOFR Determination Time in 
respect of any determination of the SOFR Benchmark on any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in accordance with:
(a)
the order of priority specified SOFR Replacement Alternatives Priority in the relevant 
Final Terms; or
(b)
if no such order of priority is specified, in accordance with the priority set forth below:
(i)
Relevant Governmental Body Replacement;
(ii)
ISDA Fallback Replacement; and
(iii)
Industry Replacement,
provided that, in each case, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent is unable to 
determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance with the first SOFR Replacement 
Alternative listed, it shall attempt to determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance with 
each subsequent SOFR Replacement Alternative until a SOFR Replacement is 
determined. The SOFR Replacement will replace the then-current SOFR Benchmark for 
the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period and each subsequent Interest Period, subject to the occurrence of a subsequent 
SOFR Transition Event and related SOFR Replacement Date;
“SOFR Replacement Alternatives” means:
(a)
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the 
relevant Interest Period and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the “Relevant 
Governmental Body Replacement”);
(b)
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the 
“ISDA Fallback Replacement”); or

--- Page 84 ---
84
(c)
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected by the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent as the replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the 
relevant Interest Period giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate as a 
replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating 
rate securities at such time and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the “Industry 
Replacement”);
“SOFR Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the applicable SOFR 
Replacement Date:
(a)
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement;
(b)
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or
(c)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) determined by 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current SOFR Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted SOFR Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at 
such time;
“SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any SOFR Replacement, 
any technical, administrative or operational changes (including, but not limited to, changes to 
timing and frequency of determining rates with respect to each interest period and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day count fractions, business day convention 
and other administrative matters) that the Replacement Rate Determination Agent decides may 
be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such SOFR Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that no market practice for use of the SOFR 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Replacement Rate Determination Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines is reasonably necessary, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner);
“SOFR Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to 
the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof):
(a)
in the case of sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of “SOFR Transition Event” the 
later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein 
and (ii) the date on which the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component); or
(b)
in the case of sub-paragraph (c) of the definition of “SOFR Transition Event” the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein; or
(c)
in the case of sub-paragraph (d), the last such consecutive U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day on which the SOFR Benchmark has not been published,
provided that, in the event of any public statements or publications of information as referenced 
in sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) above, should such event or circumstance referred to in such a public 
statement or publication occur on a date falling later than three months after the relevant public 
statement or publication, the SOFR Transition Event shall be deemed to occur on the date falling 
three months prior to such specified date (and not the date of the relevant public statement or 
publication).
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the SOFR Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any determination, the

--- Page 85 ---
85
SOFR Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the SOFR Determination Time 
for such determination.
“SOFR Transition Event” means the occurrence of any one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published component used 
in the calculation thereof):
(a)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) announcing that such administrator 
has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant);
(b)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), the central bank for the 
currency of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for SOFR
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency 
or resolution authority over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), which states that the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant) has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant);
(c)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) announcing that 
the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) is no longer representative, the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) has been or will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the Instruments; or
(d)
the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its administrator (or a successor administrator) 
for six consecutive U.S. Government Securities Business Days; and
“Unadjusted SOFR Replacement” means the SOFR Replacement prior to the application of 
any SOFR Replacement Adjustment.
4C.06 ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Instruments for each 
Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the 2006 Definitions of the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
Instruments of the relevant Series, including by the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the “ISDA Definitions”)) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which:
(i)
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;
(ii)
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and
(iii)
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the relevant Floating 
Rate Option is based on the LIBOR for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (B) 
in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 86 ---
86
For the purposes of this Condition 4C.05, “ISDA Benchmarks Supplement” means the Benchmarks 
Supplement (as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Instruments of the 
relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc.
4C.07 Rate of Interest: The Rate of Interest in relation to the Instruments shall be determined as follows:
(A)
If “Margin Plus Rate” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
will be equal to the Margin (as defined in Condition 10C.03) plus the Screen Rate or ISDA Rate, 
as applicable;
(B)
If “Specified Percentage Multiplied by Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest will be equal to the Specified Percentage (as defined in Condition 10C.03) multiplied 
by the Screen Rate or ISDA Rate, as applicable; or
(C)
If “Difference in Rates” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest will be 
equal to the Specified Percentage (as defined in Condition 10C.03) multiplied by the difference 
between Rate 1 and Rate 2, each of Rate 1 and Rate 2 to be determined in accordance with 
Condition 4C.03, Condition 4C.04 or with Condition 4C.05 as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
4C.08 Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then, subject to Condition 4E.01, the Rate of Interest shall in no 
event be greater than the Maximum Rate of Interest or be less than the Minimum Rate of Interest so 
specified. Where the Rate of Interest is determined to be higher than the Maximum Rate of Interest or 
lower than the Minimum Rate of Interest, such higher rate shall be deemed to be equal to such Maximum 
Rate of Interest and such lower rate shall be deemed to be equal to such Minimum Rate of Interest, as 
applicable.
4C.09 CMS Linked Interest Provisions: If the CMS-Linked Interest Instruments Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Instruments for each 
Interest Period will be calculated by reference to a constant maturity swap rate specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and the relevant provisions of this Condition 4C will apply as though references to Floating 
Rate Instruments were references to CMS-Linked Instruments where “Screen Rate Determination” and 
“Margin Plus Rate” are applicable.
4D
Interest — Zero Coupon Instruments
This Condition 4D applies to Zero Coupon Instruments only. The applicable Final Terms contain provisions 
applicable to the determination of zero coupon interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 4D 
for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Zero Coupon Instruments.
Instruments in relation to which this Condition 4D applies and the relevant Final Terms specify as being 
applicable shall not bear interest. Where such Zero Coupon Instrument is repayable prior to the Maturity Date 
and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption 
Amount (Zero Coupon) (as defined in Condition 5.05). As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any 
overdue principal of such an Instrument shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 5.05).
4E
Interest — Supplemental Provision
4E.01 Step Up Provisions:
(a)
This Condition 4E.01 applies to Ordinary Senior Instruments if the Step Up Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. If so applicable, the rate of interest payable on Ordinary 
Senior Instruments will be subject to adjustment from time to time, as follows:
(i)
subject to paragraph (iii) below, from and including the first Interest Payment Date following 
the date a Step Down Rating Change occurs, the rate of interest payable on the Ordinary Senior 
Instruments shall be the Initial Interest Rate. For the avoidance of doubt, the rate of interest 
payable on the Ordinary Senior Instruments shall remain at the Initial Interest Rate 
notwithstanding any further increase in the rating assigned to the Senior Instruments above 
BBB-/Baa3 (or equivalent);

--- Page 87 ---
87
(ii)
subject to paragraph (iii) below, from and including the first Interest Payment Date following 
the date a Step Up Rating Change occurs, the rate of interest payable on the Ordinary Senior 
Instruments shall be the Initial Interest Rate plus the applicable Step Up Margin specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (together, the “Increased Rate of Interest”). For the avoidance of 
doubt, the rate of interest payable on the Ordinary Senior Instrument shall remain at the 
Increased Rate of Interest notwithstanding any further decrease in the rating of the Senior 
Instruments below BB+/Ba1 (or equivalent); and
(iii)
if, within the same Interest Period, at least one Step Up Rating Change and at least one Step 
Down Rating Change occurs (A) where the majority of Rating Agencies announce a Step Down 
Rating Change, paragraph (i) above shall apply, (B) where the majority of Rating Agencies 
announce a Step Up Rating Change, paragraph (ii) above shall apply and (C) otherwise, the 
rate of interest payable on the Ordinary Senior Instrument shall neither be increased nor 
decreased.
(b)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4E.01, there shall be no adjustment in the rate of 
interest applicable to the Ordinary Senior Instruments (1) on the basis of any rating assigned to the Senior 
Instrument by any rating agency other than on a basis solicited by or on behalf of the Issuer even if at 
the relevant time such rating is the only rating then assigned to the Ordinary Senior Instruments and (2) 
at any time after notice of redemption has been given pursuant to Conditions 5.06 or 5.07.
(c)
There shall be no limit on the number of times that adjustments to the rate of interest payable on the 
Senior Instruments may be made pursuant to this Condition 4E.01 during the term of the Ordinary Senior 
Instruments, provided always that at no time during the term of the Ordinary Senior Instruments will the 
rate of interest payable on the Ordinary Senior Instruments be less than the Initial Interest Rate or more 
than the Increased Rate of Interest.
(d)
In the event the rate of interest payable on the Ordinary Senior Instruments is the (ii) Increased Rate of 
Interest, any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest specified hereon shall be increased 
by the Step Up Margin specified hereon and (ii) Initial Interest Rate as a result of a Step Down Rating 
Change, the Maximum Rate of Interest and the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be restored to the 
Maximum Rate of Interest and the Minimum Rate of Interest specified hereon.
(e)
If the rating designations employed by any of Moody's, Fitch or S&P are changed from those which are 
described in this Condition 4E.01, or if a rating is procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, the Issuer 
shall determine, the rating designations of Moody's, Fitch or S&P or such Substitute Rating Agency (as 
appropriate) as are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody's, Fitch or S&P and this 
Condition 4E.01 shall be read accordingly.
(f)
The Issuer will cause the occurrence of an event giving rise to an adjustment in the rate of interest 
payable on the Ordinary Senior Instruments pursuant to this Condition 4E.01 to be notified to the Issue 
and Paying Agent and notice thereof to be given in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as possible 
after the occurrence of the relevant event.
In these Terms and Conditions:
“Initial Interest Rate” means the initial Rate of Interest either specified or calculated in accordance 
with the provisions hereon;
''Fitch'' means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or any of its affiliates or successor;
''Moody's'' means Moody's Investor Services España, S.A. or any of its affiliates or successor;
''Rating Agencies'' means Moody's, Fitch, S&P or any other rating agency selected by the Issuer from 
time to time to assign a credit rating to the relevant Ordinary Senior Instruments (a ''Substitute Rating 
Agency'') and ''Rating Agency'' means any one of them;
''S&P'' means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. or 
any of its affiliates or successor;
''Step Down Rating Change'' means the public announcement by any Rating Agency assigning a credit 
rating to the Ordinary Senior Instruments of an increase in or a confirmation of the rating of the Ordinary 
Senior Instruments to or as BBB-/Baa3 (or equivalent) or better; and

--- Page 88 ---
88
''Step Up Rating Change'' means the public announcement by any Rating Agency assigning a credit 
rating to the Ordinary Senior Instruments of a decrease in or a confirmation of the rating of the Ordinary 
Senior Instruments to or as BB+/Ba1 (or equivalent) or below. 
4E.02 The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after determining the Rate of Interest in relation to 
each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount. The Interest Amount payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of any Instrument for any Interest Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of 
Interest, the Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction, 
unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Period, in which 
case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Instrument for such 
Interest Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). In 
respect of any period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply 
save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated.
In this condition 4E.02:
“Interest Amount” means: (i) in respect of an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that Interest Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Instruments, and unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the relevant Interest Period; 
and (ii) in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period;
Interest Payment Date Conventions and other Calculations
4E.02(a)
Business Day Convention: The Final Terms in relation to each Series of Instruments shall specify 
which of the following conventions shall be applicable, namely:
(i)
the “FRN Convention”, in which case interest shall be payable in arrear on each date (each an 
Interest Payment Date) which numerically corresponds to the date of issue or such other 
Interest Commencement Date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the preceding Interest Payment Date in the calendar month which is the number of 
months specified in the relevant Final Terms after the calendar month in which such date of 
issue or such Interest Commencement Date as aforesaid or, as the case may be, the preceding 
Interest Payment Date occurred provided that:
(ii)
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur, then the relevant Interest Payment Date will be the last day which 
is a Business Day (as defined in Condition 10C.03) in that calendar month;
(iii)
if an Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
the relevant Interest Payment Date will be the first following day which is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and
(iv)
if such date of issue or such other date as aforesaid or the preceding Interest Payment Date 
occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a Business Day, then all subsequent 
Interest Payment Dates will be the last day which is a Business Day in the calendar month 
which is the specified number of months after the calendar month in which such date of issue 
or such other date as aforesaid or, as the case may be, the preceding Interest Payment Date 
occurred;
(v)
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention”, in which case interest shall be payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date specified in the relevant Final Terms provided that, if 
any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a date which is not a Business Day, the 
relevant Interest Payment Date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the relevant Interest Payment Date will 
be the first preceding day which is a Business Day;
(vi)
the “Following Business Day Convention” in which case interest shall be payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date specified in the relevant Final Terms provided that, if any

--- Page 89 ---
89
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a date which is not a Business Day, the relevant 
Interest Payment Date will be the first following day which is a Business Day; or
(vii)
“No Adjustment” in which case the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention.
4E.03(b)
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the “Calculation Period”), such day count 
fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms and:
(i)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365;
(iii)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified hereon, 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:
(x)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and
(y)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year
where:
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date; and
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified in in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date(s); 
(i)
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360;
(ii)
if “30/360” “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is so specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
 	
 
 =
[360 × ( −)] + [30 × ( −)] + ( −)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 90 ---
90
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30;
(iv)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
 	
 
 =
[360 × ( −)] + [30 × ( −)] + ( −)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
(v)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows:
 	
 
 =
[360 × ( −)] + [30 × ( −)] + ( −)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Termination Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
Each period beginning on (and including) the Issue Date or such Interest Commencement Date as 
aforesaid and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each period beginning on 
(and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date 
is herein called an “Interest Period”.

--- Page 91 ---
91
Notification of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts and Interest Payment Dates
4E.04 The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest, Interest Payment Date, final day of a Calculation 
Period, Interest Amount or other item, as the case may be, determined or calculated by it to be notified 
to the Issuer and the Issue and Paying Agent. The Issue and Paying Agent will cause all such 
determinations or calculations to be notified to the other Paying Agents and, in the case of Registered 
Instruments, the Registrar (from whose respective specified offices such information will be available) 
and to the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable after such determination or 
calculation but in any event not later than the fourth London Banking Day thereafter or, if earlier, in the
case of notification to any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, the time required 
by the rules of any such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. The Issue and Paying 
Agent will cause all such determinations or calculations to be notified to Euronext Dublin no later than 
the first day of each Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to amend any Interest Amount 
or Interest Payment Date or final day of a Calculation Period (or to make appropriate alternative 
arrangements by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of the extension or abbreviation 
of any relevant Interest Period or Calculation Period and such amendment will be notified in accordance 
with the first two sentences of this Condition 4E.04.
4E.05 The determination by the Calculation Agent of all items falling to be determined by it pursuant to these 
Terms and Conditions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be final and binding on all parties.
“Calculation Agent” means the Issue and Paying Agent or such other person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount and such 
other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Accrual of Interest
4E.06 Interest shall accrue on the principal amount of each Instrument or, in the case of an Instalment 
Instrument, on each instalment of principal, (in each case other than a Zero Coupon Instrument) on the 
paid up principal amount of such Instrument or otherwise as indicated in the Final Terms from the 
Interest Commencement Date. Interest will cease to accrue as from the due date for redemption therefor 
(or, in the case of an Instalment Instrument, in respect of each instalment of principal, on the due date 
for payment thereof) unless upon (except in the case of any payment where presentation and/or surrender 
of the relevant Instrument is not required as a precondition of payment) due presentation or surrender 
thereof, payment in full of the principal amount or the relevant instalment or, as the case may be, 
redemption amount is improperly withheld or refused or default is otherwise made in the payment 
thereof in which case interest shall continue to accrue thereon (as well after as before any demand or 
judgment) at the rate then applicable to the principal amount of the Instruments or such other rate as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Default Rate”) until the earlier of (i) the date on which, 
upon due presentation of the relevant Instrument (if required), the relevant payment is made or (ii) 
(except in the case of any payment where presentation and/or surrender of the relevant Instrument is not 
required as a precondition of payment) the seventh day after the date on which notice is given to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 15 that the Issue and Paying Agent or the Registrar (as the case 
may be) has received the funds required to make such payment (except to the extent that there is failure 
in the subsequent payment thereof to the relevant Holder).
4F
Interest - Benchmark discontinuation
Independent Adviser
4F.01 If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate other than SOFR when any Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate (subject to the 
terms of this Condition 4F), failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4F.02) and, 
in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 4F.03) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4F.04).
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4F shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall 
have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, or the Holders for any advice given to the 
Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 4F.01.

--- Page 92 ---
92
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Issuer fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 4F.01 prior to 
the relevant Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date, as applicable, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period, as applicable, shall be equal to the 
Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Instruments in respect of the immediately preceding 
Reset Period or Interest Period, respectively. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate 
of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. Where a different First Margin, Subsequent Margin, 
Margin Plus Rate, Specified Percentage Multiplied by Rate, Difference in Rates or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period, as 
applicable, from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period, respectively,
the First Margin, Subsequent Margin, Margin Plus Rate, Specified Percentage Multiplied by Rate, 
Difference in Rates or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Reset Period or Interest Period, respectively, shall be substituted in place of the First Margin, Subsequent 
Margin, Margin Plus Rate, Specified Percentage Multiplied by Rate, Difference in Rates or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Reset Period or Interest 
Period, respectively. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4F.01 shall apply to the relevant next 
succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period only and any subsequent Reset Periods or Interest Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4F.01.
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
4F.02 If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines that:
(i)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 4F.03) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof), as applicable, for all future payments of 
interest on the Instruments (subject to the operation of this Condition 4F); or
(ii)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4F.03) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof), 
as applicable, for all future payments of interest on the Instruments (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 4F).
Adjustment Spread
4F.03 The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread), if any,
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread.
Benchmark Amendments
4F.04 If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 4F and the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) 
that amendments to these Terms and Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then 
the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4F.05, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Holders, vary these Terms and Conditions to give effect to
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4F, the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent is 
not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of any changes or 
amendments as contemplated under this Condition 4F.04 to which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation 
Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous obligations upon 
it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Issue 
and Paying Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions.

--- Page 93 ---
93
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4F.04, the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Instruments are for the time being listed or admitted 
to trading.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4F, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will be 
adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments 
be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be 
expected to prejudice the qualification of the Instruments as Tier 2 Subordinated Instruments or 
TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments for the purposes of the Applicable Banking Regulations.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4F, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred 
Instruments and Ordinary Senior Instruments eligible to comply with TLAC/MREL Requirements only, 
no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be 
applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of 
the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Regulator treating the next Interest 
Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity of the Instruments, rather than 
the relevant Maturity Date.
Notices, etc.
4F.05 Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 4F will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Holders. Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Holders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Issue and Paying Agent, 
the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the 
Issuer:
(i)
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case may 
be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of 
this Condition 4F; and
(ii)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread.
The Issue and Paying Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the Holders at 
all reasonable times during normal business hours or may be provided by email to a Holder following 
their prior written request to the Issue and Paying Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity 
(in a form satisfactory to the Issue and Paying Agent). 
Each of Issue and Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely 
on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in 
such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and
without prejudice to the Issue and Paying Agent's or the Calculation Agent's or the Paying Agents' ability 
to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Issue and Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4F, if following the determination of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the 
Calculation Agent's opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action 
in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 4F, the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such 
direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to 
make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in the 
absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so.

--- Page 94 ---
94
Survival of Original Reference Rate
4F.06 Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 4F.01, 4F.02, 4F.03 and 4F.04, the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 4B.02, 4C.03 and 4C.04
will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. Upon the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Event, this Condition 4F shall prevail.
Definitions:
4F.07 As used in this Condition 4F:
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate)
(ii)
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate 
for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily 
applied)
(iii)
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner, determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged)
(iv)
if no such spread, formula or methodology can be determined in accordance with (i) to (iii) 
above, the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate, 
having regard to the objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances and solely 
for the purposes of this subclause (iv) only, of reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice 
or benefit (as the case may be) to the Holders.
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines in accordance with Condition 4F.02 is customarily applied in international debt 
capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Instruments.
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4F.02.
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or ceasing to be published for a period of at least 
5 Business Days in relation to a Rate of Interest of Floating Rate Instruments or CMS-Linked 
Instruments or 5 Reset Business Days in relation to a Reset Instruments; or
(ii)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or it 
will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or
(iii)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
(iv)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Instruments; or

--- Page 95 ---
95
(v)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such 
supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or
(vi)
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder using the Original Reference Rate;
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii) and 
(iii) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (iv) 
above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-
paragraph (v) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be 
(or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying 
market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the 
relevant public statement.
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to the 
Issue and Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, 
neither the Issue and Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any 
responsibility for making such determination.
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 4F.01.
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof), as applicable, on the Instruments.
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or
(ii)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof.
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
5
Redemption and Purchase
Redemption at Maturity
5.01
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, each Instrument shall be finally redeemed at 
its maturity redemption amount (the “Maturity Redemption Amount”) (which shall be its principal 
amount or such other Maturity Redemption Amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Instalment Instruments, in such number of instalments and in such amounts as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Senior Non Preferred Instruments will have an original maturity of at least one year from their date of 
effective disbursement or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or required from 
time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations.
Tier 2 Subordinated Instruments will have a maturity of not less than five years or as otherwise permitted 
in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time.

--- Page 96 ---
96
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or solvency including, among others, those 
giving effect to the MREL and the TLAC or any equivalent or successor principles, then applicable to 
the Issuer and/or the Group including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD IV, the 
BRRD, the SRM Regulation and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to 
capital adequacy, resolution and/or solvency of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority
then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group including, among others, those giving effect to the MREL 
and the TLAC or any equivalent or successor principles, in each case to the extent then in effect in the 
Kingdom of Spain (whether or not such regulations, requirements, guidelines or policies have the force 
of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group);
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May establishing the framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms or such other directive as may amend or come into 
effect in place thereof (including the BRRD II), as implemented into Spanish law by Law 11/2015 and 
RD 1012/2015, as amended or replaced from time to time and including any other relevant implementing 
regulatory provisions;
“BRRD II” means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC;
“CRD IV” means any, or any combination of, the CRD IV Directive, the CRR, and any CRD IV 
Implementing Measures; 
“CRD IV Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC 
and 2006/49/EC or such other directive as may come into effect in place thereof, as amended or replaced 
from time to time (including by the CRD V Directive);
“CRD IV Implementing Measures” means any rules implementing the CRD IV Directive or the CRR 
which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated or implementing 
acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, national laws and 
regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Regulator, the European Banking Authority or 
any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a stand alone basis) or the Group (on 
a consolidated basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for 
inclusion in the regulatory capital or the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, as 
the case may be, of the Issuer (on a stand alone basis) or the Group (on a consolidated basis); 
“CRD V Directive” means Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and 
capital conservation measures;
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 or such other regulation as may come into effect in place thereof, as 
amended from time to time (including by CRR II);
“CRR II” means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to 
central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and 
disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012;
“RD 1012/2015” means Royal Decree 1012/2015 of 6 November implementing Law 11/2015, as 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
“Regulated Entity” means any entity to which BRRD, as implemented in the Kingdom of Spain 
(including but not limited to, Law 11/2015, Royal Decree 1012/2015 and any other implementing

--- Page 97 ---
97
regulations) and as amended or superseded from time to time, or any other Spanish piece of legislation 
relating to the Bail-in Power, applies, which includes, certain credit institutions, investment firms, and 
certain of their parent or holding companies;
“SRM Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism and the 
Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from 
time to time (including by the SRM Regulation II); and
“SRM Regulation II” means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms.
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons
5.02
If, in relation to any Series of Instruments, as a result of a change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 10C.03), including any treaty to which 
such Relevant Jurisdiction is a party, or any change in the application or interpretation of any such laws 
or regulations, including a decision of any court or tribunal, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date of such Instruments, (a) in making any payments on the Instruments, 
the Issuer has paid or will or would be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 10 
or (b) in the case of Subordinated Instruments and Senior Non Preferred Instruments, the Issuer is no 
longer entitled to claim a deduction in respect of any payments in relation to the Subordinated 
Instruments or the Senior Non Preferred Instruments in computing its taxation liabilities or the value of 
such deduction to the Issuer would be materially reduced, or (c) in the case of Subordinated Instruments 
and Senior Non Preferred Instruments, the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Instruments or 
the Senior Non Preferred Instruments changes and such circumstances are evidenced by the delivery by 
the Issuer to the Issue and Paying Agent and the Commissioner of (x) a certificate signed by two 
Authorised Signatories stating that the relevant circumstances giving rise to the right to redeem prevail 
and describing the facts leading thereto, (y) an opinion of independent legal advisers of national 
recognised standing or other national tax adviser experienced in such matters to the effect that the 
relevant circumstances prevail and (z) in the case of Subordinated Instruments and Senior Non Preferred 
Instruments, a copy of the Regulator's and/or Relevant Resolution Authority's consent (if and as required 
therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations) to the redemption, to the extent required, the Issuer 
may, at its option and having given no less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Registrar 
(in the case of Registered Instruments), the Issue and Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
15, the Holders of the Instruments (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), elect to redeem in accordance with these Conditions all, but not some only, of the 
outstanding Instruments comprising the relevant Series at their early tax redemption amount (the “Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax)”) (which shall be their principal amount or at such other Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) less, in the case of any Instalment 
Instrument, the aggregate amount of all instalments that shall have become due and payable in respect 
of such Instrument prior to the date fixed for redemption under any other Condition (which amount, if 
and to the extent not then paid, remains due and payable), together with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption provided, however, that no such notice of redemption may be given 
earlier than 90 calendar days (or, in the case of Instruments which bear interest at a floating rate a number 
of days which is equal to the aggregate of the number of days falling within the then current Interest 
Period applicable to the Instruments plus 60 days) prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer (i) would 
be obliged to pay additional amounts, (ii) would no longer be entitled to claim a deduction or the amount 
of such deduction would be materially reduced or (iii) would be obliged to apply the applicable tax 
treatment. 
In the case of Subordinated Instruments, Senior Non Preferred Instruments and Ordinary Senior 
Instruments eligible to comply with TLAC/MREL Requirements, redemption for taxation reasons will 
be subject to the prior consent of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if and as 
required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations and may only take place in accordance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time.

--- Page 98 ---
98
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, “Relevant Resolution Authority” means the Fondo 
de Resolución Ordenada Bancaria (FROB), the Single Resolution Board (SRB) or any other entity with 
the authority to exercise any of the resolutions tools and powers contained in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations.
Early Redemption due to Capital Disqualification Event 
5.03
If, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Instruments only, a Capital Disqualification Event occurs as a result 
of a change (or any pending change which the Regulator considers sufficiently certain) in Spanish law 
or Applicable Banking Regulations becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer may, at its 
option and having given not less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Instruments), the Issue and Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the 
Holders of the Tier 2 Subordinated Instruments (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption), elect to redeem in accordance with these Conditions all, but not some only, 
of the Tier 2 Subordinated Instruments.
Tier 2 Subordinated Instruments redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5.03 will be redeemed at their 
early redemption amount (the “Early Redemption Amount (Capital Disqualification Event)”) (which 
shall be their principal amount or a such other Early Redemption Amount (Capital Disqualification 
Event) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption.
Redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Instruments for regulatory reasons pursuant to this Condition 5.03 
is subject to the prior consent of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if and as 
required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations and may only take place in accordance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time.
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:
“Capital Disqualification Event” means the determination by the Issuer after consultation with the 
Regulator that the Tier 2 Subordinated Instruments are not eligible for inclusion in whole or, to the extent 
not prohibited by Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the Group 
pursuant to Applicable Banking Regulations or any other regulations applicable in the Kingdom of Spain 
from time to time (other than as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital as 
applicable to the Issuer); and
“Tier 2 Capital” means tier 2 capital (capital de nivel 2) as provided under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations.
Early Redemption due to TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event
5.04
If, in the case of Subordinated Instruments, Senior Non Preferred Instruments and Ordinary Senior 
Instruments where the TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms only, a TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, then 
the Issuer may, at its option and having given not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Instruments), the Issue and Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 15, the Holders of the relevant Instruments (as applicable) (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the date for redemption), elect to redeem in accordance with these Conditions all, but 
not some only, of the relevant Instruments (as applicable). Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer 
shall redeem the relevant Instruments (as applicable).
Instruments redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5.04 will be redeemed at their early redemption amount 
(the “Early Redemption Amount (TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event)”) (which shall be their 
principal amount or such other Early Redemption Amount (TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event) as 
may be specified in or determined in accordance with the relevant Final Terms) together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.
Redemption of Subordinated Instruments, Senior Non Preferred Instruments and Ordinary Senior 
Instruments where the TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, for regulatory reasons pursuant to this Condition 5.04 will be subject to the prior 
consent of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if and as required therefor under 
Applicable Banking Regulations and may only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking

--- Page 99 ---
99
Regulations in force at the relevant time. Redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Instruments where the 
TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms may 
be redeemed pursuant to a TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event only after five years from their date of 
issuance or any other minimum period permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations.
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:
“EU Banking Reforms” means the CRD V Directive, BRRD II, CRR II and the SRM Regulation II;
“MREL” means the “minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities” for credit institutions 
under the BRRD, set in accordance with Article 45 of the BRRD (as transposed in the Kingdom of 
Spain), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016, supplementing Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to regulatory technical standards 
specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the minimum requirement for own funds 
and eligible liabilities and any other Applicable Banking Regulations;
“TLAC” means the “total loss-absorbing capacity” requirement for global systemically important 
institutions under the CRR, set in accordance with Article 92a of the CRR and any other Applicable 
Banking Regulations;
“TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event” means at any time that all or part of the outstanding nominal 
amount of the Subordinated Instruments, the Senior Non Preferred Instruments or the Ordinary Senior 
Instruments where the TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms does not fully qualify as TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments of the Issuer and/or 
the Group, except where such non-qualification (i) is due solely to the remaining maturity of the relevant 
Instruments (as applicable) being less than any period prescribed for TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments 
by the Applicable Banking Regulations as at the Issue Date or (ii) is as a result of the relevant Instruments 
(as applicable) being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer or a buy back of the relevant Instruments 
which is funded by or on behalf of the Issuer or (iii) in the case of Ordinary Senior Instruments where 
the TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, is 
due to the relevant Ordinary Senior Instruments not meeting any requirement in connection to their 
ranking upon insolvency of the Issuer or any limitation on the amount of such Instruments that may be 
eligible for the inclusion in the amount of TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments of the Issuer and/or the 
Group.
A TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event shall, without limitation, be deemed to include where any non-
qualification of the Subordinated Instruments, Senior Non Preferred Instruments or, as applicable, 
Ordinary Senior Instruments as TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments arises as a result of (a) any 
legislation which gives effect to the EU Banking Reforms in the Kingdom of Spain differing in any 
respect from the EU Banking Reforms (including if the EU Banking Reforms are not implemented in 
full in the Kingdom of Spain), or (b) the official interpretation or application of the EU Banking Reforms
or the EU Banking Reforms as implemented in the Kingdom of Spain (including any interpretation or 
pronouncement by any relevant court, tribunal or authority) differing in any respect from the manner in 
which the EU Banking Reforms have been reflected in these Terms and Conditions;
“TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instrument” means an instrument that complies with the TLAC/MREL 
Requirements; and
“TLAC/MREL Requirements” means the total loss-absorbing capacity requirements and/or minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations.
Early Redemption (Zero Coupon Instruments)
5.05
(a)
The early redemption amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Instrument (the “Early
Redemption Amount (Zero Coupon)”) upon redemption of such Instrument pursuant to Condition 
5.02, Condition 5.03, Condition 5.04, Condition 5.06 or Condition 5.08 or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 6 shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) 
of such Instrument unless otherwise specified hereon.

--- Page 100 ---
100
(b)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (c) below, the “Amortised Face Amount” of any such 
Instrument shall be the scheduled Maturity Redemption Amount of such Instrument on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, 
if none is set out in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face 
Amount equal to the issue price of the Instruments if they were discounted back to their issue price on 
the Issue Date) compounded annually.
(c)
If the Early Redemption Amount (Zero Coupon) payable in respect of any such Instrument upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 5.02, Condition 5.03, Condition 5.04, Condition 5.06 or Condition 
5.08 or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 6 is not paid when due, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Zero Coupon) due and payable in respect of such Instrument shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount of such Instrument as defined in sub-paragraph (b) above, except that such sub-
paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Instrument becomes due and payable were 
the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph 
shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant 
Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled 
Maturity Redemption Amount of such Instrument on the Maturity Date together with any interest that 
may accrue in accordance with Condition 4E.
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the basis of 
the Day Count Fraction shown hereon.
Optional Early Redemption (Call)
5.06
If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer may, having 
given not less than 15 calendar days' notice (or such lesser period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) to the Registrar (in the case of Registered Instruments), the Issue and Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 15, the Holders of the Instruments (which notice shall be signed by two duly 
Authorised Signatories, shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for redemption) and subject to 
such conditions as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, redeem all (but not, unless and to the 
extent that the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, some only) of the Instruments of the relevant 
Series, on the Early Redemption Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms, at their call early 
redemption amount (the “Early Redemption Amount (Call)”) (which shall be their principal amount 
or such other Early Redemption Amount (Call) as may be specified in or determined in accordance with 
the relevant Final Terms) less, in the case of any Instalment Instrument, the aggregate amount of all 
instalments that shall have become due and payable under any other Condition (which amount, if and to 
the extent not then paid, remains due and payable), together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption.
In the case of Subordinated Instruments, Senior Non Preferred Instruments and Ordinary Senior 
Instruments eligible to comply with TLAC/MREL Requirements, redemption at the option of the Issuer 
pursuant to this Condition 5.06 will be subject to the prior consent of the Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations and may only 
take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time.
5.07
If the Instruments of a Series are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 
5.06:
(a)
in the case of Bearer Instruments, the Instruments to be redeemed shall be drawn by lot, with the 
intervention of the relevant Commissioner and before a Notary Public who will take the minutes, 
in such European city as the Issue and Paying Agent may specify, or identified in such other 
manner or in such other place as the Issue and Paying Agent may approve and deem appropriate 
and fair; and
(b)
in the case of Registered Instruments, the Instruments shall be redeemed (so far as may be 
practicable) pro rata to their principal amounts, subject always as aforesaid and provided always 
that the amount redeemed in respect of each Instrument shall be equal to the minimum 
denomination thereof or an integral multiple thereof,
subject always to compliance with all applicable laws and the requirements of any listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system on which the relevant Instruments may be listed and/or quoted.

--- Page 101 ---
101
In the case of the redemption of part only of a Registered Instrument, a new Registered Instrument in 
respect of the unredeemed balance shall be issued in accordance with Conditions 2.02 to 2.06 which 
shall apply as in the case of a transfer of Registered Instruments as if such new Registered Instrument 
were in respect of the untransferred balance.
Optional Early Redemption (Put)
5.08
If Put Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer shall, upon the 
exercise of the relevant option by the Holder of any Instrument of the relevant Series, redeem such 
Instrument on the Early Redemption Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms at its put early 
redemption amount (the “Early Redemption Amount (Put)”) (which shall be its principal amount or 
such other Early Redemption Amount (Put) as may be specified in or determined in accordance with the 
relevant Final Terms) less, in the case of any Instalment Instrument, the aggregate amount of all 
instalments that shall have become due and payable in respect of such Instrument under any other 
Condition prior to the date fixed for redemption (which amount, if and to the extent not then paid, 
remains due and payable), together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. In 
order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not more than 90 nor less than 60 calendar days before 
the date so specified (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), deposit the 
relevant Instrument together with any unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto with, in the case of a 
Bearer Instrument, any Paying Agent or, in the case of a Registered Instrument, the Registrar together 
with a duly completed redemption notice in the form which is available from the specified office of any 
of the Paying Agents or, as the case may be, the Registrar specifying, in the case of a Registered 
Instrument, the aggregate principal amount in respect of which such option is exercised (which must be 
the minimum denomination specified in the Final Terms or an integral multiple thereof). No Instrument 
so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn. Not less than 15 nor more than 45 days' notice of 
the commencement of the period for the deposit of the relevant Instrument for redemption pursuant to 
this Condition 5.08 shall be given to the Holders.
In the case of the redemption of part only of a Registered Instrument, a new Registered Instrument in 
respect of the unredeemed balance shall be issued in accordance with Conditions 2.02 to 2.09 which 
shall apply as in the case of a transfer of Registered Instruments as if such new Registered Instrument 
were in respect of the untransferred balance.
The Holder of an Instrument may not exercise such option in respect of any Instrument which is the 
subject of an exercise by the Issuer of its option to redeem such Instrument under Conditions 5.06.
Redemption by Instalments
5.09
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 5, each Instrument 
which provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts in the relevant Final Terms will be partially 
redeemed on each Instalment Date at the Instalment Amount specified on it, whereupon the outstanding 
principal amount of such Instrument shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount for all purposes.
Cancellation of Redeemed Instruments
5.10
All unmatured Instruments and Coupons and unexchanged Talons redeemed (amortizados) will be 
cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold.
Purchase of Instruments
5.11
The Issuer and any of its respective subsidiaries or any third party designated by it, may purchase 
Instruments in the open market or otherwise and at any price provided that all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith.
In the case of Subordinated Instruments, Senior Non Preferred Instruments and Ordinary Senior 
Instruments eligible to comply with TLAC/MREL Requirements, the purchase of the relevant 
Instruments by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries shall take place in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time and will be subject to the prior consent of the Regulator 
and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as required.
Further Provisions applicable to Redemption Amount and Instalment Amounts
5.12
The provisions of Condition 4E.04 shall apply to any determination or calculation of the Redemption 
Amount or any Instalment Amount required by the Final Terms to be made by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 102 ---
102
5.13
References herein to “Redemption Amount” shall mean, as appropriate, the Maturity Redemption 
Amount, the final Instalment Amount, Early Redemption Amount (Tax), Early Redemption Amount 
(Capital Disqualification Event), Early Redemption Amount (TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event), 
Early Redemption Amount (Zero Coupon), Early Redemption Amount (Call), Early Redemption 
Amount (Put) and Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the Final Terms.
Notices
5.14
Notices of early redemption (whether full or partial) of Instruments shall be given in accordance with 
Condition 15.
Notification to Euronext Dublin
5.15
The Issuer shall notify Euronext Dublin of any early redemption (whether full or partial) of Instruments.
6
Events of Default
Events of Default for Ordinary Senior Instruments
6.01
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, if, in the case of Ordinary Senior Instruments, 
any of the following events occurs and is continuing (each an “Event of Default” solely in respect of 
Ordinary Senior Instruments), such Event of Default shall be an acceleration event in relation to the 
Ordinary Senior Instruments of any Series, namely:
(i)
Non-payment: if default is made in the payment of any interest or principal due in respect of 
the Ordinary Senior Instruments of the relevant Series and such default continues for a period 
of seven Business Days; or
(ii)
Breach of other obligations: if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations 
under or in respect of the Ordinary Senior Instruments of the relevant Series, or the Issue and 
Paying Agency Agreement and (except in any case where such failure is incapable of remedy 
when no such continuation as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues 
for a period of 30 days following the service by the relevant Commissioner (as defined in 
Condition 14 below) on the Issuer of a notice requiring the same to be remedied; or
(iii)
Winding up: if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding 
up or liquidation of the Issuer; or
(iv)
Cessation of business: if the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a 
substantial part of its business, save for the purposes of a reorganisation (except in any such 
case for the purpose of a reconstruction or a merger or amalgamation which has been previously 
approved by a resolution of the relevant Syndicate of Holders of the Ordinary Senior 
Instruments or a merger with another financial institution in this case even without being 
approved by a resolution of the relevant Syndicate of Holders of the Ordinary Senior 
Instruments, provided that any entity that survives or is created as a result of such merger is 
given a rating by an internationally recognised rating agency at least equal to the then current 
rating of the Issuer, as the case may be, at the time of such merger), or the Issuer stops or 
threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class 
thereof) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of 
any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or
(v)
Insolvency proceedings: if (a) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an application 
made for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or 
other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other 
similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer or in relation to the whole or a part of its 
undertaking or assets, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a part of its 
undertaking or assets, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is 
levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or a part of its undertaking or 
assets and (b) in any case is not discharged within 14 days; or

--- Page 103 ---
103
(vi)
Arrangements with creditors: if the Issuer initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating 
to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other 
similar laws or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any 
composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors).
6.02
If any Event of Default shall occur in relation to any Series of Ordinary Senior Instruments, the relevant 
Commissioner, acting upon a resolution of the relevant Syndicate of Holders of the Ordinary Senior 
Instruments of the relevant Series, in respect of all the Ordinary Senior Instruments of a relevant Series, 
or any Holder of an Ordinary Senior Instrument of the relevant Series in respect of such Ordinary Senior 
Instrument and provided that such Holder does not contravene the resolution of the relevant Syndicate 
(if any) may, by written notice to the Issuer, at the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent, declare 
that such Ordinary Senior Instrument or Instruments and all interest then accrued on such Ordinary 
Senior Instrument or Instruments shall (when permitted by applicable Spanish law) be forthwith due and 
payable, whereupon the same shall become immediately due and payable at its early termination amount 
(the “Early Termination Amount”) (which shall be its principal amount or such other Early 
Termination Amount as may be specified in or determined in accordance with the relevant Final Terms) 
less, in the case of any Instalment Instrument, the aggregate amount of all instalments that shall have 
become due and payable in respect of such Ordinary Senior Instruments under any other Condition prior 
to the date fixed for redemption (which amount, if and to the extent not then paid, remains due and 
payable), together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption without presentment, 
demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer will expressly waive, anything 
contained in such Ordinary Senior Instrument or Instruments to the contrary notwithstanding, unless, 
prior thereto, all Events of Default in respect of the Ordinary Senior Instruments of the relevant Series 
shall have been cured.
No Events of Default for Subordinated Instruments, Senior Non Preferred Instruments and certain 
Ordinary Senior Instruments
6.03
Save as provided below, there are no events of default under the Subordinated Instruments, the Senior 
Non Preferred Instruments and, to the extent Conditions 6.01 and 6.02 have been so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as not applicable, the Ordinary Senior Instruments, which could lead to an 
acceleration of the relevant Subordinated Instruments, Senior Non Preferred Instruments or Ordinary 
Senior Instruments.
However, if an order is made by any competent court commencing insolvency proceedings against the 
Issuer or if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the insolvency, winding 
up or liquidation of the Issuer and such order is continuing, then any Instrument may, unless there has 
been a resolution to the contrary by the Syndicate of Holders of Instruments, by written notice addressed 
by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified office of the Issue and 
Paying Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon the principal amount of such 
Instruments together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of payment shall become 
immediately due and payable without further action or formality.
Notwithstanding the above, if default is made in the payment of any interest or principal due in respect 
of the Instruments and such default continues for a period of seven days then, (i) the Commissioner, 
acting upon a resolution of the Syndicate of Holders of Instruments, in respect of all Subordinated 
Instruments, Senior Non Preferred Instruments or Ordinary Senior Instruments, as the case may be, or 
(ii) unless there has been a resolution to the contrary by the Syndicate of Holders of Instruments (which 
resolution shall be binding on all Holders), any Holder in respect of the Subordinated Instruments, Senior 
Non Preferred Instruments or Ordinary Senior Instruments, as the case may be, held by such Holder, 
may institute proceedings for the insolvency, winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer but may 
take no further or other action in respect of such default.
In addition, (i) the Commissioner, acting upon a resolution of the Syndicate of Holders of Instruments, 
or (ii) unless there has been a resolution to the contrary by the Syndicate of Holders of Instruments
(which resolution shall be binding on all Holders), any Holder in respect of the Instruments held by such 
Holder, may, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as 
it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding on the Issuer under the 
Instruments, provided that the Issuer shall not as a consequence of such proceedings be obliged to pay

--- Page 104 ---
104
any sum or sums representing or measured by reference to principal or interest in respect of the 
Instruments sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it or any damages.
Neither a cancellation of the Instruments, a reduction, in part or in full, of the principal amount of the 
Instruments or any accrued and unpaid interest on the Instruments, the conversion thereof into another security 
or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Instruments will be an event of default or otherwise constitute non-performance 
of a contractual obligation, or entitle the Holders to any remedies (including equitable remedies), which are 
hereby expressly waived.
7
Waiver of Set-off
If this Condition 7 is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to the Instruments, no Holder 
may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has 
or may have or acquire against such Holder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or 
other instruments of any sort, whether or not relating to such Instrument) and each Holder shall be deemed to 
have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such 
actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts 
owing to any Holder by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with the Instruments is 
discharged by set-off, such Holder shall, subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the 
amount of such discharge to the Issuer and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to 
such amount in trust for the Issuer and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place.
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition is intended to provide, or shall be construed as 
acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or that any 
such right is or would be available to any Holder of any Instrument but for this Condition.
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:
“Waived Set-Off Rights” means any and all rights of or claims of any Holder for deduction, set-off, netting, 
compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any 
Instrument.
8
Substitution and Variation 
If this Condition 8 is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to the Instruments, and a Capital 
Disqualification Event, a TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event or a circumstance giving rise to the right of the 
Issuer to redeem the Instruments for taxation reasons under Condition 5.02 occurs and is continuing, the Issuer 
may substitute all (but not some only) of the Instruments (as the case may be) or modify the terms of all (but 
not some only) of the Instruments, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, so that 
they are substituted for, or varied to, become, or remain, Qualifying Instruments, subject to having given not 
less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 12, the Registrar and 
the Issue and Paying Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for substitution or, as 
applicable, variation), and subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations and in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time.
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or variation shall 
take effect and where the Holders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and conditions of the 
Instruments. Such substitution or variation will be effected without any cost or charge to the Holders.
Holders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing and holding any Instruments, be deemed to accept the 
substitution or variation of the terms of such Instruments and to grant to the Issuer full power and authority to 
take any action and/or to execute and deliver any document in the name and/or on behalf of the Holders which 
is necessary or convenient to complete the substitution or variation of the terms of the Instruments.
In these Terms and Conditions:

--- Page 105 ---
105
“Qualifying Instruments” means, at any time, any securities denominated in the Specified Currency and issued 
directly by the Issuer, other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21, that have 
terms not otherwise materially less favourable to the Holders than the terms of the Instruments provided that 
the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories to that effect to the Issue and 
Paying Agent and the Commissioner not less than five Business Days prior to (x) in the case of a substitution 
of the Instruments pursuant to this Condition 8, the issue date of the relevant securities or (y) in the case of a 
variation of the Instruments pursuant to this Condition 8, the date such variation becomes effective, provided 
that such securities shall:
(i)
(a) in the case of Instruments eligible to comply with TLAC/MREL Requirements, contain terms 
which comply with the then current requirements for TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments as 
embodied in the Applicable Banking Regulations, and (b) in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated 
Instruments, contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for their inclusion in 
the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer; and
(ii)
carry the same rate of interest as the Instruments prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to this Condition 8; and
(iii)
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal amount as the Instruments prior 
to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 8; and
(iv)
have the same date of maturity and the same dates for payment of interest as the Instruments prior 
to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 8; and
(v)
have at least the same ranking as set out in Condition 3; and
(vi)
not, immediately following such substitution or variation, be subject to a Capital Disqualification 
Event, a TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event and/or an early redemption right for taxation reasons 
according to Condition 5.02, as applicable; and
(vii)
be listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange as selected by the Issuer, if the Instruments 
were listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange immediately prior to the relevant substitution 
or variation pursuant to this Condition 8.
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) any change in the governing law of the Instruments from English law to 
Spanish law so that the English Instruments become again or remain Qualifying Instruments shall not be 
subject to the requirement not to be materially less favourable to the interests of the Holders of the English 
law Instruments; and (ii) any variation in the ranking of the relevant Instruments as set out in Condition 3 
resulting from any such substitution or modification shall be deemed not to be materially less favourable 
to the interests of the Holders of the Instruments where the ranking of such Instruments following such 
substitution or modification is at least the same ranking as is applicable to such Instruments under 
Condition 3 on the issue date of such Instruments. 
9
Taxation
9.01
All amounts payable (whether in respect of principal, redemption amount, interest or otherwise) in 
respect of the Instruments, the Receipts and the Coupons by the Issuer will be made free and clear of 
and without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the 
Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 10C.03), unless the withholding or deduction of such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay 
such additional amounts (in the case of Subordinated Instruments and/or Coupons of Subordinated 
Instruments and in the case of Senior Non Preferred Instruments and Ordinary Senior Instruments 
eligible to comply with the TLAC/MREL Requirements and/or Coupons of Senior Non Preferred 
Instruments and Ordinary Senior Instruments eligible to comply with the TLAC/MREL Requirements, 
in respect of the payment of any interest in respect of such Subordinated Instrument and/or such Coupons 
of Subordinated Instruments and in respect to Senior Non Preferred Instruments and Ordinary Senior 
Instruments eligible to comply with the TLAC/MREL Requirements and/or such Coupons of Senior Non 
Preferred Instruments and Ordinary Senior Instruments eligible to comply with the TLAC/MREL 
Requirements only (but not in respect of the payment of any principal in respect of such Subordinated 
Instruments, Senior Non Preferred Instruments and Ordinary Senior Instruments eligible to comply with

--- Page 106 ---
106
the TLAC/MREL Requirements)) as will result in receipt by the Holder of any Instrument or Coupon of 
such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
9.02
The Issuer shall not be required to pay any additional amounts as referred to in Condition 9.01 in relation 
to any payment in respect of any Instrument or Coupon:
(i)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder of an Instrument or Coupon who is liable for such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Instrument or Coupon by 
reason of his having some connection with the Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 
10C.03) other than the mere holding of such Instrument or Coupon; or
(ii)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder in respect of whose Instruments the Issuer does not 
receive such information as may be required in order to comply with the applicable Spanish 
tax reporting obligations; or
(iii)
presented for payment more than thirty days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that 
the relevant Holder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting the 
same for payment on the expiry of such period of thirty days; or
(iv)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, individuals resident for tax purposes in the Relevant 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 10C.03); or
(v)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish-resident legal entity subject to Spanish corporation 
tax if the Spanish tax authorities determine that the Instruments do not comply with exemption 
requirements specified in the Reply to a Consultation of the Directorate General for Taxation 
(Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 and require a withholding to be made. 
In addition, additional amounts will not be payable with respect to any taxes that are imposed in respect 
of any combination of the items set forth above. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms and Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the 
Instruments by or on behalf of the Issuer, will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental 
agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or 
any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental 
agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor any 
other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding.
10
Payments
10A Payments — Bearer Instruments
10A.01 This Condition 10A is applicable to Bearer Instruments.
10A.02 Payment of amounts (other than interest) due in respect of Bearer Instruments will be made against 
presentation and (save in the case of a partial redemption which includes, in the case of an Instalment 
Instrument, payment of any instalment other than the final instalment) surrender of the relevant Bearer 
Instruments at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents
10A.03 Payment of amounts in respect of interest on Bearer Instruments will be made:
(i)
in the case of Instruments without Coupons attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery, 
against presentation of the relevant Instruments at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents 
outside (unless Condition 10A.04 applies) the United States; and
(ii)
in the case of Instruments delivered with Coupons attached thereto at the time of their initial 
delivery, against surrender of the relevant Coupons or, in the case of interest due otherwise than on 
a scheduled date for the payment of interest, against presentation of the relevant Instruments, in 
either case at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents outside (unless Condition 10A.04 
applies) the United States.

--- Page 107 ---
107
10A.04 Payments of amounts due in respect of interest on the Bearer Instruments and exchanges of Talons for 
Coupon sheets in accordance with Condition 10A.03 will not be made at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent in the United States (as defined in the Code and U.S. Treasury Regulations thereunder) unless (a) 
payment in full of amounts due in respect of interest on such Instruments when due or, as the case may be, 
the exchange of Talons at all the specified offices of the Paying Agents outside the United States is illegal 
or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (b) such payment or exchange 
is permitted by applicable United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse 
tax, legal or regulatory consequence to the Issuer. If parts (a) and (b) of the previous sentence apply, the 
Issuer shall forthwith appoint a further Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City.
10A.05 If the due date for payment of any amount due in respect of any Bearer Instrument is not a Relevant Financial 
Centre Day (as defined in Condition 10C.03) and a local banking day (as defined in Condition 10C.03), 
then the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next day which is such a day (or as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms) and, thereafter will be entitled to receive payment on a 
Relevant Financial Centre Day and a local banking day and no further payment on account of interest or 
otherwise shall be due in respect of such delay or adjustment unless there is a subsequent failure to pay in 
accordance with these Terms and Conditions in which event interest shall continue to accrue as provided in 
Condition 4E.06.
10A.06 Each Instrument initially delivered with Coupons attached thereto should be presented and, save in the case 
of partial payment which includes, in the case of an Instalment Instrument, payment of any instalment other 
than the final instalment, surrendered for final redemption together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto, failing which:
(i)
in the case of Instruments which bear interest at a fixed rate or rates (other than Reset Instruments), 
the amount of any missing unmatured Coupons (or, in the case of a payment not being made in full, 
that portion of the amount of such missing Coupon which the redemption amount paid bears to the 
total redemption amount due excluding, for this purpose, Talons) will be deducted from the amount 
otherwise payable on such final redemption, the amount so deducted being payable against 
surrender of the relevant Coupon at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents at any time 
within ten years of the Relevant Date applicable to payment of such final redemption amount;
(ii)
in the case of Instruments which bear interest at, or at a margin above or below, a floating rate or 
which are Reset Instruments, all unmatured Coupons (excluding, for this purpose, but without 
prejudice to paragraph (iii) below, Talons) relating to such Instruments (whether or not surrendered 
therewith) shall become void and no payment shall be made thereafter in respect of them; and
(iii)
in the case of Instruments initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, all unmatured Talons 
(whether or not surrendered therewith) shall become void and no exchange for Coupons shall be 
made thereafter in respect of them.
The provisions of paragraph (i) of this Condition 10A.06 notwithstanding, if any Instruments which bear 
interest at a fixed rate or rates should be issued with a maturity date and a fixed rate or fixed rates such that, 
on the presentation for payment of any such Instrument without any unmatured Coupons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith, the amount required by paragraph (i) to be deducted would be greater than the amount 
otherwise due for payment, then, upon the due date for redemption of any such Instrument, such unmatured 
Coupons (whether or not attached) shall become void (and no payment shall be made in respect thereof) as 
shall be required so that, upon application of the provisions of paragraph (i) in respect of such Coupons as 
have not so become void, the amount required by paragraph (i) to be deducted would not be greater than the 
amount otherwise due for payment. Where the application of the foregoing sentence requires some but not 
all of the unmatured Coupons relating to an Instrument to become void, the relevant Paying Agent shall 
determine which unmatured Coupons are to become void, and shall select for such purpose Coupons 
maturing on later dates in preference to Coupons maturing on earlier dates.
10A.07 In relation to Instruments initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, on or after the due date for the 
payment of interest on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon comprised 
in the Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside (unless 
Condition 10A.04 applies) the United States in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (including any 
appropriate further Talon), subject to the provisions of this Condition 10. Each Talon shall, for the purpose

--- Page 108 ---
108
of these Terms and Conditions, be deemed to mature on the due date for the payment of interest on which 
the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures.
10A.08 For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the “United States” means the United States of America 
(including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the 
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands).
10B. Payments — Registered Instruments
10B.01 This Condition 10B is applicable to Registered Instruments.
10B.02 Payment of amounts (whether principal, a redemption amount or otherwise and including accrued 
interest) due in respect of Registered Instruments on the final redemption of Registered Instruments will 
be made against presentation and, save in the case of partial payment of the amount due upon final 
redemption by reason of insufficiency of funds, surrender of the relevant Registered Instruments at the 
specified office of the Registrar. If the due date for payment of the final redemption amount of any 
Registered Instrument is not both a Relevant Financial Centre Day (as defined in Condition 10C.03) and 
a local banking day (as defined in Condition 10C.03), then the Holder thereof will not be entitled to 
payment thereof until the next day which is such a day and, thereafter will be entitled to receive payment 
by cheque on any local banking day, and, will be entitled to payment by transfer to a designated account 
on any day which is a local banking day, a Relevant Financial Centre Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant currency in the place 
where the relevant designated account is located and no further payment on account of interest or 
otherwise shall be due in respect of such postponed payment unless there is a subsequent failure to pay 
in accordance with these Terms and Conditions in which event interest shall continue to accrue as 
provided in Condition 4E.06.
10B.03 Payment of amounts (whether principal, a redemption amount, interest or otherwise) due (other than in 
respect of the final redemption of Registered Instruments) in respect of Registered Instruments will be 
paid to the Holder thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, the first-named) as appearing in the register 
kept by the Registrar as at close of business (local time in the place of the specified office of the 
Registrar) on the business day (as defined in Condition 2.04) before the due date for such payment for 
the Instruments (the “Record Date”).
10B.04 Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 10C.02, payment of amounts (whether principal, a 
redemption amount, interest or otherwise) due (other than in respect of final redemption of Registered 
Instruments) in respect of Registered Instruments will be made by cheque and posted to the address (as 
recorded in the register held by the Registrar) of the Holder thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, the 
first-named) on the business day (as defined in Condition 2.04) not later than the relevant date for 
payment unless prior to the relevant Record Date the Holder thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, the 
first named) has applied to the Registrar and the Registrar has acknowledged such application for 
payment to be made to a designated account denominated in the relevant currency in which case payment 
shall be made on the relevant due date for payment by transfer to such account. In the case of payment 
by transfer to an account, if the due date for any such payment is not a Relevant Financial Centre Day, 
then the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the first day thereafter which is a 
Relevant Financial Centre Day and a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in the relevant currency in the place where the relevant designated account is located 
and no further payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of such postponed 
payment unless there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Terms and Conditions in 
which event interest shall continue to accrue as provided in Condition 4E.06.
10C Payments — General Provisions
10C.01 Save as otherwise specified herein, this Condition 10C is applicable in relation to both Bearer 
Instruments and Registered Instruments.
10C.02 Payments of amounts due (whether principal, a redemption amount, interest or otherwise) in respect of 
Instruments will be made in the currency in which such amount is due by (a) cheque or (b) at the option 
of the payee, transfer to an account denominated in the relevant currency specified by the payee. 
Payments will, without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10, be subject in all cases to any 
applicable ﬁscal or other laws and regulations.

--- Page 109 ---
109
10C.03 For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, save as otherwise defined, the following terms shall 
have the meaning set out below:
“Authorised Signatory” means any director of the Issuer (or any signatory authorised to act on its 
behalf);
“Business Day” means a day:

in relation to Instruments denominated or payable in euro which is a TARGET Business 
Day; and

in relation to Instruments payable in any other currency, on which commercial banks are 
open for business and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the Relevant Financial 
Centre in respect of the relevant currency; and, in either case,

on which commercial banks are open for business and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in any place specified in the Relevant Financial Centre;
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“CMS-Linked Instruments” means Instruments the payment of interest of which is linked to a constant 
maturity swap rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Instalment Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Instalment Dates” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to an interest rate and Interest Period, the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Period if 
the Relevant Currency is sterling (ii) or the day falling two London Banking Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period if the Relevant Currency is not sterling, or (iii) the day falling two TARGET 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the Relevant Currency is Euro;
“local banking day” means a day (other than a Saturday and Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place of 
presentation of the relevant Instrument or, as the case may be, Coupon; 
“London Banking Day” means a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Maximum Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Minimum Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality;
“principal amount” means the Aggregate Principal Amount which has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms;
“Reference Banks” means four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Reference Rate. The Reference Banks shall not include the Calculation 
Agent;
“Reference Rate” means one of (i) the London inter-bank offered rate (“LIBOR”), (ii) the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), (iii) the Sterling Overnight Interbank Average Rate (“SONIA”), 
(iv) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) or (v) such other rate, in each case, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms;
“Relevant Financial Centre” means such financial centre or centres as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. If no financial centre or centres is specified in the relevant Final Terms, this term will have

--- Page 110 ---
110
the meaning given to “Financial Centre” in Section 1.5 in the ISDA Definitions in respect of the 
Relevant Currency;
“Relevant Financial Centre Day” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the Relevant Financial Centre 
(which in the case of Australian dollars shall be Melbourne and which in the case of New Zealand dollars 
shall be Wellington) and in any other place specified in the relevant Final Terms and in the case of 
payment in euro, a day which is a TARGET Business Day;
“Relevant Currency” means the currency specified as Specified Currency in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Instruments are denominated;
“Relevant Jurisdiction” means the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in respect of 
payments made by it of principal and/or interest on the Instruments;
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate;
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Specified Denomination” means, in relation to any Instruments, the denomination of such Instruments 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms and expressed as a currency amount;
“Specified Percentage” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“TARGET Business Day” means any day on which the TARGET2 System, or any successor thereto, is 
open for the settlement of payments in euro; and
“TARGET2 System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET) payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched 
on 19 November 2007.
10C.04 For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the “Relevant Date” means, in respect of any payment, 
the date on which such payment first becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of the moneys 
payable has not been received by the Issue and Paying Agent, or as the case may be, the Registrar on or 
prior to such due date, it means the first date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received and being available for payment to Holders of Instruments and Coupons, notice to that effect 
shall have been duly given to the Holders of the Instruments of the relevant Series in accordance with 
Condition 15.
10C.05 Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to “principal” shall 
include any premium payable in respect of an Instrument, any Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount and any other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Terms and Conditions 
and “interest” shall include all amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 and any other amounts in the 
nature of interest payable to these Terms and Conditions.
11
Prescription
11.01 Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal and interest in respect of Instruments will be 
prescribed and become void unless made, in the case of principal, within ten years or, in the case of 
interest, five years after the Relevant Date for payment thereof.
11.02 In relation to Instruments initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, there shall not be included in 
any Coupon sheet issued upon exchange of a Talon any Coupon which would be void upon issue 
pursuant to Condition 10A.06 or the due date for the payment of which would fall after the due date for

--- Page 111 ---
111
the redemption of the relevant Instrument or which would be void pursuant to this Condition 11 or any 
Talon the maturity date of which would fall after the due date for redemption of the relevant Instrument.
12
The Paying Agents, the Registrars and the Calculation Agent
12.01 The initial Paying Agents and Registrars and their respective initial specified offices are specified in 
these Terms and Conditions. The Calculation Agent in respect of any Instruments shall be specified in 
the Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any 
Paying Agent (including the Issue and Paying Agent) or the Registrar or the Calculation Agent and to 
appoint additional or other Paying Agents or another Registrar or another Calculation Agent provided 
that it will at all times maintain (i) an Issue and Paying Agent, (ii) in the case of Registered Instruments, 
a Registrar, (iii) a Paying Agent (which may be the Issue and Paying Agent) with a specified office in a 
continental European city, (iv) so long as the Instruments are listed on any stock exchange and/or 
quotation system, a Paying Agent (which may be the Issue and Paying Agent) and a Registrar each with 
a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system, (v) in the circumstances described in Condition 10A.04, a Paying Agent with 
a specified office in New York City, and (vi) a Calculation Agent where required by the Terms and 
Conditions applicable to any Instruments with a specified office located in such place (if any) as may be 
required by the Terms and Conditions. The Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Calculation Agent 
reserve the right at any time to change their respective offices to some other specified office in the same 
city. Notice of all changes in the identities or specified offices of the Paying Agents, the Registrar or the 
Calculation Agent will be given promptly by the Issuer to the Holders of the Instruments in accordance 
with Condition 15.
12.02 The Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and, save 
as provided in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement or any other agreement entered into with respect 
to its appointment, do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for any 
Holder of any Instrument or Coupon and each of them shall only be responsible for the performance of 
the duties and obligations expressly imposed upon it in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement or other 
agreement entered into with respect to its appointment or incidental thereto.
13
Replacement of Instruments
If any Instrument or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified 
office of the Issue and Paying Agent or such Paying Agent as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (in 
the case of Bearer Instruments and Coupons) or of the Registrar (in the case of Registered Instruments), subject 
to all applicable laws and the requirements of any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system on 
which the relevant Instruments are listed and/or quoted, upon payment by the claimant of all expenses incurred 
in connection with such replacement and upon such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as 
the Issuer and the Issue and Paying Agent, the relevant Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar may 
require. Mutilated or defaced Instruments and Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
delivered therefor.
14
Syndicate of Holders of the Instruments and Modification
The Holders of the Instruments of the relevant Series shall meet in accordance with the regulations governing 
the relevant Syndicate of Holders of the Instruments (the “Regulations”). The Regulations, which shall have 
effect as if incorporated herein, contain the rules governing the functioning of each Syndicate of Holders of the 
Instruments, including the provisions for meetings of such Syndicate to take place, and the rules governing its 
relationship with the Issuer and shall be attached to the relevant Public Deed of Issuance. A set of pro forma 
Regulations is included in this Base Prospectus and in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement.
A Commissioner will be appointed for each Syndicate and will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer may, with the consent of the Issue and Paying Agent and the relevant Commissioner, but without the 
consent of the Holders of the Instruments of any Series or Coupons, amend these Terms and Conditions, the 
Instruments, the Coupons, the Talons, the Deed of Covenant and the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement,
insofar as they may apply to such Instruments to correct a manifest error or to make any modification that is of 
a minor, formal or technical nature or to comply with a mandatory provision of law. Subject as aforesaid, no

--- Page 112 ---
112
other modification may be made to these Terms and Conditions, the Instruments, the Coupons, the Talons, the 
Deed of Covenant or the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, except with the sanction of a resolution of the 
relevant Syndicate of Holders of Instruments.
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions,
“Commissioner” means the trustee (comisario) as this term is defined under the Spanish Corporations Law 
(Ley de Sociedades de Capital) of each Syndicate of Holders of the Instruments; and
“Syndicate” means the syndicate (sindicato) as this term is described under the Spanish Corporations Law (Ley 
de Sociedades de Capital).
15
Notices
To Holders of Bearer Instruments
15.01 Notices to Holders of Bearer Instruments, will be valid if published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper of general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie) (so long as such Instruments are listed on Euronext Dublin and 
the rules of that exchange so require) or, in either case if such publication is not practicable, if published 
in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. 
Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the first date on which publication is made). Holders of Coupons will be 
deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to Holders of Bearer 
Instruments in accordance with this Condition.
To Holders of Registered Instruments
15.02 Notices to Holders of Registered Instruments will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail (or equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by air mail to them (or, in the case of joint 
Holders, to the first-named in the register kept by the Registrar) at their respective addresses as recorded 
in the register kept by the Registrar, and will be deemed to have been validly given on the fourth day 
after the date of such mailing or, if posted from another country, on the fifth such day. With respect to 
Registered Instruments listed on Euronext Dublin, any notices to Holders must also be published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie) (so long as such Instruments are listed on Euronext Dublin and 
the rules of that exchange so require) and, in addition to the foregoing, will be deemed validly given 
only after the date of such publication.
Notice of a General Meeting of the Syndicate of Holders
15.03 Notice of a General Meeting of Holders of Instruments of the Relevant Series must be given in 
accordance with the Regulations.
To Commissioners
15.04 Copies of any notice given to any Holders of the Instruments will be also given to the Commissioner of 
the Syndicate of Holders of the Instruments of the relevant Series.
Notices by any Holder of Instruments
15.05 Notices to be given by any Holder of Instruments shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together with the relative Instrument, with the Issue and Paying Agent.
16
Further Issues
The Issuer may, from time to time without the consent of the Holders of any Instruments or Coupons, create 
and issue further instruments, bonds or debentures having the same terms and conditions as such Instruments 
in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest, if any, on them and/or the denomination 
thereof) so as to form a single series with the Instruments of any particular Series.

--- Page 113 ---
113
17
Currency Indemnity
The currency in which the Instruments are denominated or, if different, payable, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (the “Contractual Currency”) is the sole currency of account and payment for all sums payable 
by the Issuer in respect of the Instruments, including damages. Any amount received or recovered in a currency 
other than the Contractual Currency (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a 
court of any jurisdiction or otherwise) by any Holder of an Instrument or Coupon in respect of any sum 
expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge by the Issuer to the extent of the 
amount in the Contractual Currency which such Holder is able to purchase with the amount so received or 
recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that 
purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If that amount is less than the amount 
in the Contractual Currency expressed to be due to any Holder of an Instrument or Coupon in respect of such 
Instrument or Coupon the Issuer shall indemnify such Holder against any loss sustained by such Holder as a 
result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify each such Holder against any cost of making such purchase 
which is reasonably incurred. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the 
Issuer's other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective 
of any indulgence granted by any Holder of an Instrument or Coupon and shall continue in full force and effect 
despite any judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due in respect of the 
Instruments or any judgment or order. Any such loss aforesaid shall be deemed to constitute a loss suffered by 
the relevant Holder of an Instrument or Coupon and no proof or evidence of any actual loss will be required by 
the Issuer.
18
Waiver and Remedies
No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Holder of any Instrument, any right 
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or 
future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. Rights hereunder shall be in addition to all other rights 
provided by law. No notice or demand given in any case shall constitute a waiver of rights to take other action 
in the same, similar or other instances without such notice or demand.
19
Law and Jurisdiction
The governing law and jurisdiction of the Instruments will be specified in Part A of the relevant Final Terms.
19A English law
If English law is specified as the governing law of the Instruments in the relevant Final Terms, the provisions 
of this Condition 19A shall apply to the Instruments.
Governing Law
19A.01 Save as described below, the Instruments and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
Conditions 3 and 14 shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Spanish law.
Jurisdiction
19A.02 The Courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or 
in connection with any Instruments and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with any Instruments (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably 
submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objection to Proceedings in any such courts 
whether on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an 
inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the benefit of each of the Holders and shall not limit 
the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the 
taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).
Notwithstanding the above, the Courts of the city of Madrid (Spain) are to have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any dispute that may arise out of or in connection with the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority (a “Bail-in Dispute”) and accordingly, each of the Issuer and any Holders 
in relation to any Bail-In Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such Courts. Each of the Issuer

--- Page 114 ---
114
and any Holders in relation to any Bail-In Dispute further waives any objection to the Courts of the city 
of Madrid (Spain) on the ground that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle a Bail-in 
Dispute.
Service of Process
19A.03 The Issuer irrevocably appoints Banco Santander, S.A., London Branch at 2 Triton Square, Regent's 
Place, London, NW1 3AN as its agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process 
in any Proceedings in England. Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery to such process 
agent (whether or not, it is forwarded to and received by the Issuer). If for any reason such process agent 
ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in London, the Issuer irrevocably agrees to 
appoint a substitute process agent and shall immediately notify Holders of such appointment in 
accordance with Condition 15. Nothing shall affect the right to serve process in any manner permitted 
by law. 
19B Spanish law
If Spanish law is specified as the governing law of the Instruments in the relevant Final Terms, the provisions 
of this Condition 19B shall apply to the Instruments.
Governing Law
19B.01 The Instruments, any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Instruments 
shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Spanish law.
Jurisdiction
19B.02 The Issuer hereby irrevocably agrees for the benefit of each of the Holders that the Courts of the city of 
Madrid (Spain) are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection 
with any Instruments (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Instruments) and that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings arising out of or 
in connection with the Instruments (together referred to as “Proceedings”) may be brought in such 
courts. The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereinafter to the laying 
of the venue of any Proceedings in the courts of the city of Madrid (Spain). To the extent permitted by 
law, nothing contained in this Condition 19B shall limit any rights of any Holders (other than in relation 
to a Bail-in Dispute) to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction, 
nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in 
any other competent jurisdictions, whether concurrently or not.
In addition, the Courts of the city of Madrid (Spain) have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any Bail-in 
Dispute and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Holders in relation to any Bail-in Dispute submits to 
the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the city of Madrid (Spain). Each of the Issuer and any Holders 
in relation to any Bail-in Dispute further waives any objection to the Courts of the city of Madrid (Spain) 
on the ground that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Bail-in Dispute.
20
Rights of Third Parties
In the case of Instruments specified in the Final Terms as being governed by English law, no person shall have 
any right to enforce any term or condition of any Series of Instruments under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999.
21
Bail-in
Acknowledgement
21.01 Notwithstanding any other term of the Instruments or any other agreement, arrangement or 
understanding between the Issuer and the Holders, by its subscription and/or purchase and holding of 
the Instruments, each Holder (which for the purposes of this Condition 21 includes each holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Instruments) acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees:
(i)
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, which may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof:

--- Page 115 ---
115

the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on a permanent basis;

the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the Holder of such 
shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or 
variation of the terms of the Instruments, in which case the Holder agrees to accept in lieu 
of its rights under the Instruments any such shares, other securities or other obligations of 
the Issuer or another person;

the cancellation of the Instruments or Amounts Due;

the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Instruments or amendment of the 
Interest Amount payable on the Instruments, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and
(ii)
that the terms of the Instruments are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect 
to, the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority.
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due
21.02 No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise 
of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, at the time 
such repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or payment would 
be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect in the Kingdom of Spain 
and the European Union applicable to the Issuer or other members of the Group.
Notice to Holders
21.03 Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the 
Instruments, the Issuer will make available a written notice to the Holders as soon as practicable 
regarding such exercise of the Bail-in Power. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the 
Agents for information purposes. Any delay or failure to give notice to the Holders will not affect the 
validity or enforceability of the Bail-in Power.
Duties of the Agents
21.04 Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, (a) the Agents shall not 
be required to take any directions from Holders, and (b) the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement shall 
impose no duties upon any of the Agents whatsoever, in each case with respect to the exercise of any 
Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority.
Proration
21.05 If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-in Power with respect to less than the total 
Amounts Due, unless any of the Agents is otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the Instruments pursuant to the 
Bail-in Power will be made on a pro-rata basis.
Conditions Exhaustive
21.06 The matters set forth in this Condition 21 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion 
of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Issuer and any holder of an 
Instrument.
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions:
“Amounts Due” means the principal amount or outstanding amount, together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest, and Additional Amounts, if any, due on the Instruments. References to such amounts 
will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the 
exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority.”
22
Direct Rights
Insofar as the Instruments are in global form, the Issuer and each Holder will have agreed that, when each 
Holder elects so, the relevant Account Holder will immediately acquire the right under this Condition 22 and

--- Page 116 ---
116
the provisions of the Global Instruments or the Global Registered Instruments, as applicable, with regard to the 
Spanish law Instruments and of the Deed of Covenant with regard to the English law Instruments, to claim and 
receive all payments due at any time in respect of the relevant portion of the corresponding Instruments credited 
in the securities account of the Account Holder (the “Direct Rights”) and, from that time, the said Holder will 
have no further rights under the Global Instruments or the Global Registered Instruments, as applicable, with 
respect to that relevant portion of the Instruments (but without prejudice to the rights which the Holder or any 
other person may have under the relevant Global Instrument or Global Registered Instrument, as applicable).
In this Condition 22:
“Account Holder” means a holder of a securities account, except for a Clearing System or a Custodian to the 
extent that any securities, or rights in respect of securities, credited to such Clearing System or Custodian's 
securities account are held by such Clearing System or Custodian for the account or benefit of a holder of a 
securities account with that Clearing System or Custodian;
“Clearing System” means Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or any other person who falls within the 
definition of “Alternative Clearing System” in these Terms and Conditions;
“Custodian” means a person who acknowledges to a Clearing System (or to a Custodian and therefore 
indirectly to a Clearing System) that it holds securities, or rights in respect of securities, for the account or 
benefit of that Clearing System (or Custodian);
“Global Instrument” means a Global Instrument (whether in temporary or permanent form) issued pursuant 
to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement; and
“Global Registered Instrument” means a registered global certificate issued pursuant to the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement representing registered instruments of one or more Tranches of the same Series that are 
registered in the name of a nominee or a common nominee for one or more Clearing Systems or Custodians.

--- Page 117 ---
117
PRO FORMA REGULATIONS OF THE SYNDICATE OF THE HOLDERS OF THE 
INSTRUMENTS
Part 1
Pro Forma Regulations
The following is an English translation of the pro forma Regulations as attached to the relevant public deed of 
issuance in respect of each issue. In the event of any discrepancies between this translation and the Spanish 
language original, the Spanish version of these Regulations shall prevail.
REGULATIONS OF THE SYNDICATE OF HOLDERS FOR THE ISSUE OF INSTRUMENTS BY 
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A.
CHAPTER I
Article 1. 
Object. - The object of this Syndicate is to protect the legitimate interests of Holders of 
Instruments against BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. (the “Issuer”), in accordance with current law and these 
Regulations, by using and preserving such interests collectively and through the representation determined by 
these Regulations.
Article 2. 
Address. - The address of the Syndicate shall be Boadilla del Monte, Ciudad Grupo Santander, 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n, 28660 Madrid. The General Meeting may, however, take place at any other location 
in Madrid for reasons of convenience or, even by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference 
platform, and such location or way to hold the General Meeting shall be specified in the relevant notice of 
meeting.
Article 3.
Duration. - The Syndicate shall exist until the rights of Holders of Instruments to principal, 
interest and any other right shall have been fulfilled. The Syndicate shall be automatically dissolved upon the 
fulfilment of all such rights.
CHAPTER II
Governance of Syndicate
Article 4.
Governance. - The governance of the Syndicate lies with the General Meeting and the 
Commissioner.
CHAPTER III
General Meeting
Article 5.
Legal Nature. - A duly convened and constituted General Meeting is the body that expresses 
the will of the Syndicate and its resolutions, approved in accordance with these Regulations, will be binding on 
all Holders of Instruments in the manner established by current law.
Article 6.
Convening General Meetings. - The General Meeting shall be convened by the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer or by the Commissioner, whenever they consider it appropriate. However, the 
Commissioner shall convene a General Meeting whenever the Holders of Instruments, representing at least one-
twentieth of the Instruments outstanding, request a General Meeting in writing and specify in such request the 
aim of such a meeting. In this case, the General Meeting shall be held within thirty (30) days following the date 
on which the Commissioner receives such a request.
Article 7.
Method of Convening General Meetings. - The General Meeting shall be convened (i) by 
publication in an English language newspaper in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and so 
long as any Instrument is listed on Euronext Dublin and if Euronext Dublin so requires, on the website of 
Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie); (ii) by mail, or email, to Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear 
System and Clearstream Banking S.A., or to any other relevant clearing system; and (iii) by publication in one
of the daily newspapers of greatest circulation in the Madrid province; in each case not less than fifteen (15) 
days prior to the date on which the meeting is due to be held.
Notwithstanding this Article, the General Meeting shall be convened and validly constituted to deal with any 
matter, so long as all Instruments in circulation are in attendance or represented and the attendants and 
represented Holders of Instruments unanimously agree that the General Meeting be held.

--- Page 118 ---
118
Article 8.
Right of Attendance. - All Holders of Instruments who have registered their name in the 
relevant securities account of at least one outstanding Instrument not less than five (5) days prior to the date of 
the General Meeting shall be entitled to attend such meeting. The Directors of the Issuer shall be entitled to 
attend the General Meeting, even if they are not given notice.
The Commissioner or the Issuer may approve the attendance of such experts or other advisers as it may deem 
necessary.
The Commissioner will attend the General Meeting even though such meeting, had not previously been 
convened by the Commissioner.
Article 9.
Proxies. - All Holders of Instruments with a right to attend the General Meeting shall be entitled 
to delegate their representation to any Holder of Instruments. Nevertheless, none of the Directors of the Issuer 
even though they might be also Holders of Instruments, shall be entitled to represent any other Holder of 
Instrument.
The right to represent shall be conferred in writing for each General Meeting.
Article 10.
Adoption of Resolutions – The General Assembly shall approve valid resolutions by an 
absolute majority of affirmative votes in attendance and represented.
Nevertheless, in order to validly modify either the relevant maturity date, redemption, conversion or the 
exchange date, of the Instruments, two thirds of the affirmative votes corresponding to Instruments outstanding 
will be required.
The resolutions approved according to this article shall be binding on all Holders of Instruments, including 
those that do not attend or those that dissent.
Article 11.
Chairman. - The General Meeting shall be chaired by the Commissioner, who shall direct 
debates, deem discussions to be ended, as he/she considers appropriate, and rule, in each case, whenever matters 
should be subject to a vote.
Article 12.
Holding of the Sessions. - The General Meeting shall be held in Madrid, at the place and on 
the date set out in the announcement or, if the Board of Directors of the Issuer or the Commissioner, as the case 
may be, deemed to be appropriate, by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform as set out 
in the announcement.
Article 13.
Attendance List. - Before starting the agenda, the Commissioner shall make a list of attendees 
describing the nature or form of representation of each attendee and the number of Instruments owned or held 
on behalf of another in respect of each attendee, totalling at the end of the list the number of Instruments in 
attendance or represented, as well as the number of Instruments in circulation.
Article 14.
Right to Vote. - Each Instrument represented shall confer on its Holder the right to vote 
proportionally to the outstanding amount of the Instrument's specified denomination.
Article 15.
Powers of the General Meeting. - The General Meeting may approve resolutions necessary 
for the better protection of the legitimate interests of the Holders of Instruments as against the Issuer; modify, 
in agreement with the Issuer and with the relevant prior official authority, if necessary, the terms and conditions 
of the Instruments and adopt decisions on other similar matters; remove and appoint the Commissioner; exercise 
any corresponding judicial proceedings; and approve the expenses incurred in the protection of common 
interests.
Article 16.
Challenges to Resolutions. - Resolutions of the General Meeting may be challenged by 
Holders of Instruments according to the Spanish Companies Law.
Article 17.
Minutes. - Minutes of a General Meeting may be approved by the General Meeting itself 
immediately after the meeting, or otherwise within fifteen (15) days following the date of the General Meeting, 
by the Commissioner and two (2) Holders of Instruments assigned such responsibility by the General Meeting.
Article 18.
Certification. - The certification of the minutes book shall be expedited by the Commissioner.
CHAPTER IV
The Commissioner

--- Page 119 ---
119
Article 19.
Scope of competence of the Commissioner. - The Commissioner is concerned with the legal 
representation of the Syndicate and to act as the relationship body between the Syndicate and the Issuer.
Article 20.
Appointment and Duration of Post. - The Commissioner shall be appointed by the Issuer 
once the issuance is agreed and shall exercise his post until substituted at a General Meeting.
Article 21.
Powers. - The powers of the Commissioner shall be:
(a)
Protecting the common interests of the Holders of the Instruments.
(b)
Calling and chairing General Meetings.
(c)
Ability to attend, with the right to speak but not vote, the deliberations and meetings of the General 
Shareholders' Meetings of the Issuer.
(d)
Informing the Issuer of the resolutions of the Syndicate.
(e)
Requiring from the Issuer the reports that either himself or the General Meeting determine to be of 
interest to the Holders of Instruments.
(f)
Supervising the payment of interest and principal.
(g)
Execution of resolutions of the General Meeting.
(h)
When the Issuer, by a reason imputable to it, postpones for more than six (6) months the redemption 
of principal and payment of interest, the Commissioner shall have the power to propose to the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer, the suspension of any of the Directors and to call a General Shareholders'
Meeting, if it has not already been called, when it considers that the Directors should be substituted.
Article 22.
Responsibility. - The Commissioner shall be responsible to the Holders of Instruments and, as 
the case may be, the Issuer for carrying out his term of office out of the relevant professional diligence.
CHAPTER V
General Arrangements
Article 23.
Syndicate Expenses. - Ordinary expenses resulting from the maintenance of the Syndicate 
shall be for the account of the Issuer, but they will not, in any case, exceed two per cent. of the gross annual 
interest accrued by the issued Instruments.
Article 24.
Accounts. - The Commissioner shall be responsible for keeping the accounts of the Syndicate 
and will submit them for approval to the General Meeting and to the Board of Directors of the Issuer.
Article 25.
Dissolution of the Syndicate. - If the Syndicate is dissolved for one of the reasons given in 
Article 3, the Commissioner in charge at the time shall continue with his duties until the dissolution of the 
Syndicate and shall produce final accounts of the Syndicate to the last General Meeting and to the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer.
Article 26.
Jurisdiction. - For the purposes of any issues arising from these Regulations, the Holders of 
Instruments, by reason only of being such, expressly renounce their own jurisdiction for that of the courts of 
the city of Madrid.
Article 27.
(Additional). - The current applicable legislation shall apply to matters for which no provision 
is made in these Regulations.
Part 2
Provisions for the General Meeting of Holders of Instruments
(a)
As used in this Section, the following expressions shall have the following meanings unless the context 
otherwise requires:

--- Page 120 ---
120
(i)
“voting certificate” shall mean a certificate in the English language issued by any Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, any Registrar and dated, in which it is stated:
(A)
that on the date thereof outstanding Bearer Instruments of any Series (not being 
Bearer Instruments in respect of which a block voting instruction (as defined 
below) has been issued and is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in 
such voting certificate) bearing specified serial numbers have been deposited to 
the order of such Paying Agent and that no such Bearer Instruments will be 
released until the first to occur of:
I.
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such certificate; and
II.
the surrender of the certificate to such Paying Agent; or
(B)
that on the date thereof Registered Instruments of any Series (not being Registered 
Instruments in respect of which a block voting instruction has been issued and is 
outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such voting certificate) are 
registered in the books and records maintained by the Registrar in the names of 
specified registered Holders; and
(C)
that the bearer thereof or his duly appointed representative is entitled to attend and 
vote at such meeting in respect of the Instruments represented by such certificate; 
and
(ii)
“block voting instruction” shall mean a document in the English language issued by any 
Paying Agent or, as the case may be, any Registrar and dated, in which:
(A)
it is certified that outstanding Bearer Instruments of any Series (not being Bearer 
Instruments in respect of which a voting certificate has been issued and is 
outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such block voting instruction)
have been deposited to the order of such Paying Agent and that no such Bearer 
Instruments will be released until the first to occur of:
I.
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such document; and
II.
the surrender, not less than five days before the time for which such 
meeting is convened, of the receipt for each such deposited Bearer 
Instrument which has been deposited to the order of such Paying Agent, 
coupled with notice thereof being given by such Paying Agent to the 
Issuer; or
(B)
it is certified that Registered Instruments of any Series (not being Registered 
Instruments in respect of which a voting certificate has been issued and is 
outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such block voting instruction) 
are registered in the books and records maintained by the Registrar in the names 
of specified registered Holders;
(C)
it is certified that each depositor of such Instruments or registered Holder thereof 
or a duly authorised agent on his or its behalf has instructed the Paying Agent or, 
as the case may be, the Registrar that the vote(s) attributable to his or its 
Instruments so deposited or registered should be cast in a particular way in relation 
to the resolution or resolutions to be put to such meeting and that all such 
instructions are, during the period of five days prior to the time for which such 
meeting or adjourned meeting is convened, neither revocable nor subject to 
amendment;
(D)
the total number, principal amount outstanding and the serial numbers (if any) and 
series numbers of the Instruments so deposited or registered are listed, 
distinguishing with regard to each such resolution between those in respect of 
which instructions have been given as aforesaid that the votes attributable thereto 
should be cast in favour of the resolution and those in respect of which instructions

--- Page 121 ---
121
have been so given that the votes attributable thereto should be cast against the 
resolution; and
(E)
any Holder of Instruments named in such document (hereinafter called a “proxy”) 
is authorised and instructed by the Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar to cast the votes attributable to the Instruments so listed in accordance 
with the instructions referred to in (C) and (D) above as set out in such document.
(b)
A registered Holder of a Registered Instrument may by an instrument in writing in the form for the 
time being available from the specified office of the Registrar in the English language (hereinafter 
called a “form of proxy”) signed by the Holder or its duly appointed attorney or, in the case of a 
corporation, executed under its seal or signed on its behalf by its duly appointed attorney or a duly 
authorised officer of the corporation, appoint any Holder of Instruments (hereinafter also called a 
“proxy”) to attend and act on his or its behalf in connection with any meeting or proposed meeting of 
the Holders of Instruments.
(c)
Voting certificates, block voting instructions and forms of proxy shall be valid for so long as the 
relevant Instruments shall not have been released or, in the case of Registered Instruments, shall be 
duly registered in the name(s) of the registered Holder(s) certified in the relevant voting certificate or 
block voting instruction or, in the case of a form of proxy, in the name of the appointor but not otherwise 
and notwithstanding any other provision of this Section and during the validity thereof the Holder of 
any such voting certificate, block voting instruction or, as the case may be, the proxy shall, for all 
purposes in connection with any meeting of Holders of Instruments, be deemed to be the Holder of the 
Instruments of the relevant Series to which such voting certificate, block voting instructions or form of 
proxy relates and, in the case of Bearer Instruments, the Paying Agent to the order of whom such 
Instruments have been deposited and, in the case of Registered Instruments, the registered Holder(s) 
shall nevertheless be deemed for such purposes not to be the Holder of those Instruments.
(d)
Whenever the Issuer or the relevant Commissioner is about to convene any such General Meeting of 
Holders it shall forthwith give notice in writing to the Issue and Paying Agent of the day, time and 
place (or way to held the General Meeting) thereof and of the nature of the business to be transacted 
thereat, subject to the regulations of the Syndicate Regulations. Every such General Meeting of Holders 
shall be held in Madrid (or by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) at such 
time as the Issue and Paying Agent may approve, subject to the regulations of the Syndicate 
Regulations.
(e)
A copy of the notice shall be given to the Issuer unless the General Meeting of Holders is convened by 
the Issuer and a copy shall be given to the Issue and Paying Agent and, in the case of Registered 
Instruments, the Registrar. Such notice shall be given in the manner provided in the Terms and 
Conditions and shall specify the terms of the resolutions to be proposed and shall include, inter alia, 
statements to the effect:
(f)
that Bearer Instruments of the relevant Series may be deposited with (or to the order of) any Paying 
Agent for the purpose of obtaining voting certificates or appointing proxies until five days before the 
time fixed for the meeting but not thereafter;
(g)
that (without prejudice to the provisions of paragraph 1(a)((i)(B)) registered Holders of Registered 
Instruments may obtain voting certificates or appoint proxies not later than (except in the case of a 
form of proxy) five days before the time fixed for the meeting but not thereafter.
(h)
Subject to article 8 of the Syndicate Regulations, the Issue and Paying Agent, the Issuer and, in the 
case of Registered Instruments, the Registrar (through their respective representatives and save as 
permitted by the provisions of the Dealership Agreement) and their respective financial and legal

--- Page 122 ---
122
advisers shall be entitled to attend and speak at any meeting of the Holders of Instruments. No person 
shall be entitled to attend (save as aforesaid) or vote at any General Meeting of Holders or to join with 
others in requesting the convening of such a meeting unless that person is the holder of an Instrument 
or a voting certificate or a proxy.
(i)
Each block voting instruction and each form of proxy, together (if so required by the Issuer) with proof 
satisfactory to the Issuer of its due execution, shall be deposited at such place as the Issuer shall 
reasonably designate not less than 24 hours before the time appointed for holding the meeting or 
adjourned meeting at which the proxy named in the block voting instruction or form of proxy proposes 
to vote and in default the block voting instruction or form of proxy shall not be treated as valid unless 
the Commissioner decides otherwise before such meeting or adjourned meeting proceeds to business. 
A certified copy of each such block voting instruction and form of proxy and satisfactory proof as 
aforesaid (if applicable) shall, if required by the Issuer, be produced by the proxy at the meeting or 
adjourned meeting but the Issuer shall not thereby be obliged to investigate or be concerned with the 
validity of, or the authority of the proxy named in, any such block voting instruction or form of proxy.
(j)
Without prejudice to paragraph 1, any vote given in accordance with the terms of a block voting 
instruction or form of proxy shall be valid notwithstanding the previous revocation or amendment of 
the block voting instruction or form of proxy or of any of the Instrument Holders' instructions pursuant 
to which it was executed, provided that no intimation in writing of such revocation or amendment shall 
have been received by the Issuer or by the Commissioner, within 24 hours before the commencement 
of the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the block voting instruction or form of proxy is used.
(k)
Minutes of all resolutions and proceedings at every such meeting as aforesaid shall be made and duly 
entered in books to be from time to time provided for that purpose by the Issuer.
(l)
Any Instruments which have been purchased or are held by (or on behalf of) the Issuer or any of its 
respective subsidiaries but which have not been cancelled shall, unless or until resold, be deemed not 
to be outstanding for the purposes of this Section.
(m)
For the purposes of this Section, “principal amount outstanding” means, on any date, the principal 
amount of that Instrument on its date of issue (i) less, in respect of any Instalment Instrument any 
instalment of principal in respect of that Instrument that has become due and payable and either has 
been paid to the relevant Holder or in respect of which the Relevant Date (as defined in the Terms and
Conditions) shall have occurred.

--- Page 123 ---
123
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE INSTRUMENTS WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM
Bearer Instruments
Each Tranche of Instruments in bearer form (the “Bearer Instruments”) will initially be in the form of either 
a temporary global instrument in bearer form (the “Temporary Global Instrument”), without interest coupons, 
or a permanent global instrument in bearer form (the “Permanent Global Instrument”), with or without 
interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Instrument or, 
as the case may be, Permanent Global Instrument (each a “Global Instrument”) which is not intended to be 
issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Instruments with a depositary or a Common Depositary for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global 
Instrument which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Instruments with a Common Safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Instruments, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United 
States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are 
applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”))
(the “TEFRA C Rules”) or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the “TEFRA D 
Rules”) are applicable in relation to the Instruments or, if the Instruments do not have a maturity of more than 
365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable.
Temporary Global Instrument exchangeable for Permanent Global Instruments
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Instruments as being “Temporary Global Instrument 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Instrument”, then the Instruments will initially be in the form of a 
Temporary Global Instrument which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent 
Global Instrument, with or without interest coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Instruments upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made 
under the Temporary Global Instrument unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Instrument is 
improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Instruments cannot be collected 
without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Instrument is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Instrument, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global 
Instrument, duly authenticated and, in the case of an NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Instrument or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent 
Global Instrument in accordance with its terms against:
(i)
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Instrument to or to the order of the Issue and Paying Agent; and
(ii)
receipt by the Issue and Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership.
The principal amount of Instruments represented by the Permanent Global Instrument shall be equal to the 
aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, 
however, that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Instruments represented by the Permanent 
Global Instrument exceed the initial principal amount of Instruments represented by the Temporary Global 
Instrument.
If:
(a)
the Permanent Global Instrument has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased 
by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Instrument 
has requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Instrument for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Instrument; or

--- Page 124 ---
124
(b)
an Event of Default occurs in accordance with the Terms and Conditions,
the bearer of the Temporary Global Instrument may from time to time elect that Direct Rights under the 
provisions of (and as defined in) Condition 22 of the Terms and Conditions and, in addition (i) in the case of an 
English law Instrument, the Deed of Covenant (a copy of which is available for inspection at the specified office 
of the Issue and Paying Agent or may be provided by email to the bearer or an Account Holder following their 
prior written request to the Issue and Paying Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form 
satisfactory to the Issue and Paying Agent) and which the Issuer acknowledges to apply to English law 
Instruments represented by the Temporary Global Instrument) and, (ii) in the case of a Spanish law Instrument, 
the Temporary Global Instrument, shall, in each case, come into effect in respect of a nominal amount of 
Instruments in respect of which the relevant event set out in (a) or (b) above has occurred. Such election shall 
be made by notice to the Issue and Paying Agent and presentation of this Temporary Global Instrument to or to 
the order of the Issue and Paying Agent. Upon each such notice being given, this Temporary Global Instrument 
shall become void to the extent of the nominal amount stated in such notice, save to the extent that the 
appropriate Direct Rights shall fail to take effect, for whatever reason.
Permanent Global Instrument exchangeable for Definitive Instruments
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Instruments as being “Permanent Global Instrument 
exchangeable for Definitive Instruments”, then the Instruments will initially be in the form of a Permanent 
Global Instrument which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Bearer Instruments in definitive 
form (Definitive Instruments):
(i)
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or
(ii)
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or
(iii)
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Instrument”, then if either of the following events occurs:
(A)
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or
(B)
any of the circumstances described in Condition 6 occurs.
Whenever the Permanent Global Instrument is to be exchanged for Definitive Instruments, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Instruments, duly authenticated 
and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of Instruments represented by the Permanent Global Instrument to the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Instrument against the surrender of the Permanent Global Instrument to or to 
the order of the Issue and Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.
If:
(a)
Definitive Instruments have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Instrument for Definitive 
Instruments; or
(b)
the Permanent Global Instrument was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary 
Global Instrument representing the Instruments and such Temporary Global Instrument becomes 
void in accordance with its terms; or
(c)
an Event of Default occurs in accordance with the Terms and Conditions,
the bearer of the Permanent Global Instrument may from time to time elect that Direct Rights under the 
provisions of (and as defined in) Condition 22 of the Terms and Conditions and, in addition (i) in the case of an 
English law Instrument, the Deed of Covenant (a copy of which is available for inspection at the specified office 
of the Issue and Paying Agent or may be provided by email to the bearer or an Account Holder following their 
prior written request to the Issue and Paying Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form 
satisfactory to the Issue and Paying Agent) and which the Issuer acknowledges to apply to English law 
Instruments represented by the Permanent Global Instrument) and, (ii) in the case of a Spanish law Instrument, 
the Permanent Global Instrument, shall, in each case, come into effect in respect of a nominal amount of

--- Page 125 ---
125
Instruments in respect of which the relevant event set out in (a), (b) or (c) above has occurred. Such election 
shall be made by notice to the Issue and Paying Agent and presentation of the Permanent Global Instrument to 
or to the order of the Issue and Paying Agent. Upon each such notice being given, the Permanent Global 
Instrument shall become void to the extent of the nominal amount stated in such notice, save to the extent that 
the appropriate Direct Rights shall fail to take effect, for whatever reason.
Temporary Global Instrument exchangeable for Definitive Instruments
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Instruments as being “Temporary Global Instrument 
exchangeable for Definitive Instruments” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that 
neither the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Instruments will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Instrument which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive 
Instruments not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Instruments.
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Instruments as being “Temporary Global Instrument 
exchangeable for Definitive Instruments” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the 
Instruments will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Instrument which will be exchangeable, in whole 
or in part, for Definitive Instruments not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the 
Instruments upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the 
Instruments cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.
Whenever the Temporary Global Instrument is to be exchanged for Definitive Instruments, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Instruments, duly authenticated 
and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Instrument to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Instrument against the surrender of the Temporary Global Instrument to or to the order of the Issue and Paying 
Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.
If:
(i)
Definitive Instruments have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Instrument for Definitive 
Instruments; or
(ii)
an Event of Default occurs in accordance with the Terms and Conditions,
the bearer of the Temporary Global Instrument may from time to time elect that Direct Rights under the 
provisions of (and as defined in) Condition 22 of the Terms and Conditions and, in addition (i) in the case of an 
English law Instrument, the Deed of Covenant (a copy of which is available for inspection at the specified office 
of the Issue and Paying Agent or may be provided by email to the bearer or an Account Holder following their 
prior written request to the Issue and Paying Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form 
satisfactory to the Issue and Paying Agent) and which the Issuer acknowledges to apply to English law 
Instruments represented by the Temporary Global Instrument) and, (ii) in the case of a Spanish law Instrument, 
the Temporary Global Instrument, shall in each case, come into effect in respect of a nominal amount of 
Instruments in respect of which the relevant event set out in (i) or (ii) above has occurred. Such election shall 
be made by notice to the Issue and Paying Agent and presentation of this Temporary Global Instrument to or to 
the order of the Issue and Paying Agent. Upon each such notice being given, this Temporary Global Instrument 
shall become void to the extent of the nominal amount stated in such notice, save to the extent that the 
appropriate Direct Rights shall fail to take effect, for whatever reason.
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Instruments
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Instrument will be endorsed on that Instrument and will 
consist of the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Instruments” above and the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions.
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Instrument will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Instrument were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Instruments while in Global Form” below.

--- Page 126 ---
126
Legend concerning United States persons
Where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Bearer Instrument (other than a Temporary 
Global Instrument) having a maturity of more than one year, Coupon, Receipt and Talon will bear the following 
legend:
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.”
Registered Instruments
Each Tranche of Instruments in registered form (the “Registered Instruments”) will be represented by either:
(i)
individual certificates in registered form (Individual Certificates); or
(ii)
one or more global certificates (Global Registered Instruments),
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Each Global Registered Instrument will either be: (a) in the case of an Instrument which is not to be held under 
the NSS, registered in the name of a Common Depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Instrument will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the Common Depositary and will be exchangeable for Individual 
Certificates in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of an Instrument to be held under the NSS, be 
registered in the name of a Common Safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Instrument will be deposited on 
or about the issue date with the Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will 
be exchangeable for Individual Certificates in accordance with its terms.
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Instruments as being “Individual Certificates”, then the 
Instruments will at all times be represented by Individual Certificates issued to each Holder in respect of their 
respective holdings.
Global Registered Instrument exchangeable for Individual Certificates
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Instruments as being “Global Registered Instrument 
exchangeable for Individual Certificates”, then the Instruments will initially be represented by one or more 
Global Registered Instruments each of which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual 
Certificates 
(i)
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Instrument”, then if either of the following events occurs:
(A)
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or
(B)
if any of the circumstances described in Condition 6 occurs.
Whenever a Global Registered Instrument is to be exchanged for Individual Certificates, each person having 
an interest in a Global Registered Instrument must provide the Registrar (through the relevant clearing system) 
with such information as the Issuer and the Registrar may require to complete and deliver Individual Certificates 
(including the name and address of each person in which the Instruments represented by the Individual 
Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's holding).
Whenever a Global Registered Instrument is to be exchanged for Individual Certificates, the Issuer shall procure 
that Individual Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the 
Global Registered Instrument within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder 
of the Global Registered Instrument to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver 
such Individual Certificates against the surrender of the Global Registered Instrument at the specified office of 
the Registrar.

--- Page 127 ---
127
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement 
and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Instruments scheduled to the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to any Holder, but against such indemnity 
as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or 
imposed in connection with such exchange.
If:
(a)
Individual Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered 
Instrument; or
(b)
an Event of Default occurs in accordance with the Terms and Conditions,
the Holder of the Instruments represented by the Global Registered Instrument may (subject as provided below) 
from time to time elect that Direct Rights under the provisions of (and as defined in) Condition 22 of the Terms 
and Conditions and, in addition (i) in the case of an English law Instrument, the Deed of Covenant (a copy of 
which is available for inspection at the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent or may be provided by 
email to a Holder following their prior written request to the Issue and Paying Agent and provision of proof of 
holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Issue and Paying Agent, as the case may be) and which the 
Issuer acknowledges to apply to English law Instruments represented by the Global Registered Instrument) and, 
(ii) in the case of a Spanish law Instrument, the Global Registered Instrument, shall, in each case, come into 
effect in respect of a nominal amount of Instruments in respect of which the relevant event set out in (a) or (b) 
above has occurred. Such election shall be made by notice to the Issue and Paying Agent by the Holder of the 
Instruments represented by the Global Registered Instrument specifying the nominal amount of Instruments 
represented by the Global Registered Instrument in respect of which Direct Rights shall arise under the Deed 
of Covenant or the Global Registered Instrument, as applicable. Upon each such notice being given, the Global 
Registered Instrument and the corresponding entry in the Register shall become void to the extent of the nominal 
amount stated in such notice, save to the extent that the appropriate Direct Rights shall fail to take effect, for 
whatever reason.
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Instruments
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual Certificate 
and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Instruments” above and 
the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions.
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Instrument will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Instrument were it in Individual Certificate form to the extent described 
under “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Instruments while in Global Form” below.
Summary of Provisions relating to the Instruments while in Global Form
Clearing System Account Holders
In relation to any Tranche of Instruments represented by a Global Instrument, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Instruments to “Holder” are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Instrument which, 
for so long as the Global Instrument is held by a depositary or a Common Depositary, in the case of a CGN, or 
a Common Safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or Common Depositary or, as the case may be, Common 
Safekeeper.
In relation to any Tranche of Instruments represented by one or more Global Registered Instruments, references 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments to “Holder” are references to the person in whose name the 
relevant Global Registered Instrument is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the 
Global Registered Instrument is held by or on behalf of a depositary or a Common Depositary or a Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be 
that depositary or Common Depositary or Common Safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or Common 
Depositary or Common Safekeeper. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Instrument or 
a Global Registered Instrument (each an “Account Holder”) must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Account Holder's share

--- Page 128 ---
128
of each payment made by the Issuer to the holder of such Global Instrument or Global Registered Instrument 
and in relation to all other rights arising under such Global Instrument or Global Registered Instrument. The 
extent to which, and the manner in which, Account Holders may exercise any rights arising under a Global 
Instrument or Global Registered Instrument will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long 
as the relevant Instruments are represented by a Global Instrument or Global Registered Instrument, Account
Holders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Instruments and 
such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Instrument or Global 
Registered Instrument.
Conditions applicable to Global Instruments
Each Global Instrument and Global Registered Instrument will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Instruments as they apply to the Global Instrument or Global Registered Instrument. The 
following is a summary of certain of those provisions:
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Instrument or Global Registered Instrument which, according 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments, require presentation and/or surrender of an Instrument, 
certificate or Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all 
interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Instrument or Global Registered Instrument to or to the order 
of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in 
respect of the Instruments. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of 
the (i) Global Instrument, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule 
thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and (ii) Global Registered Instrument, the Issuer shall procure that if such Instrument is held under 
the NSS, the payment is entered into pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg.
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Instrument or a Global Registered Instrument, the requirement 
under the Terms and Conditions for a day of payment to be a local banking day shall not apply.
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Instrument will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the “Record Date”) where “Clearing System 
Business Day” means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Instrument is being 
held is open for business.
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 5.08 the bearer of a Permanent 
Global Instrument or the holder of a Global Registered Instrument must, within the period specified in the 
Terms and Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Instrument and put notice, give written notice of such 
exercise to the Issue and Paying Agent specifying the principal amount of Instruments in respect of which such 
option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn.
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 5.06 in 
relation to some only of the Instruments, the Permanent Global Instrument or Global Registered Instrument 
may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the Instruments to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Terms and Conditions 
but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected 
in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal 
amount, at their discretion).
Notices: notwithstanding Condition 16, while all the instruments are represented by a Permanent Global 
Instrument (or by a Permanent Global Instrument and/or a Temporary Global Instrument) or a Global Registered 
Instrument and the Permanent Global Instrument is (or the Permanent Global Instrument and/or the Temporary 
Global Instrument are), or the Global Registered Instrument is deposited with a depositary or a Common 
Depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a 
Common Safekeeper, notices to Holders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 16 on the date of delivery to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 129 ---
129
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Instruments will be used: 
(a)
for the general funding purposes of the Group;
(b)
to finance, refinance or invest in, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects meeting the Eligibility 
Criteria, in which case the relevant Instruments will be identified as “Green Bonds” in the applicable 
Final Terms (“Green Bonds”);
(c)
to finance, refinance or invest in, in whole or in part, Eligible Social Projects meeting the Eligibility 
Criteria, in which case the relevant Instruments will be identified as “Social Bonds” in the applicable 
Final Terms (“Social Bonds”); or
(d)
to finance, refinance or invest in, in whole or in part, a combination of Eligible Green Projects and 
Eligible Social Projects, in each case, meeting the Eligibility Criteria, in which case the relevant 
Instruments will be identified as “Sustainable Bonds” in the applicable Final Terms (“Sustainable 
Bonds”).
“Eligibility Criteria” means the criteria prepared by the Bank as set out in the Bank's Global Sustainable Bond 
Framework, Green Bond Framework and Social Bond Framework, as the case may be. 
“Eligible Green Projects” means projects falling under the “Green eligible categories” of energy efficiency, 
renewable energy, sustainable water management or sustainable waste management, each as further described 
in the Bank's Global Sustainable Bond Framework and Green Bond Framework, and any other “green” projects 
set out in the ICMA Green Bond Principles from time to time.
“Eligible Social Projects” means projects falling under the “Social eligible categories” of healthcare, 
education, SME financing or affordable housing, each as further described in the Banks's Global Sustainable 
Bond Framework and Social Bond Framework, and any other “social” projects set out in the ICMA Social Bond 
Principles from time to time.
“Global Sustainable Bond Framework” means the Global Sustainable Bond Framework published by Banco 
Santander, S.A., available at www.santander.com. 
“Green Bond Framework” means the Green Bond Framework published by Banco Santander, S.A., available 
at www.santander.com.
“ICMA Green Bond Principles” means the Green Bond Principles published by the International Capital 
Markets Association, as updated from time to time.
“ICMA Social Bond Principles” means the Social Bond Principles published by the International Capital 
Markets Association, as updated from time to time.
“Social Bond Framework” means any Social Bond Framework published by Banco Santander, S.A., to be 
available at www.santander.com.
The Global Sustainable Bond Framework, the Green Bond Framework, any Social Bond Framework and any 
Tranche of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds are or will be subject to external review and a 
second party opinion available at www.santander.com.
None of the Global Sustainable Bond Framework, Green Bond Framework or any Social Bond Framework, nor 
any of the above reports, opinions or contents of any of the above websites are incorporated in or form part of 
this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 130 ---
130
REGULATION
The following is a summary of the most relevant aspects of the regulatory framework applicable to the 
Santander Group, as well as the main factors that have directly or indirectly affected or are currently affecting 
its operations in a significant way.
In addition, see “Risk Factors”, which includes the specific and significant factors that the Group believes 
could significantly affect its operations.
EU fiscal and banking union 
The project of achieving a European banking union was launched in the summer of 2012. Its main goal is to 
resume progress towards the European single market for financial services by restoring confidence in the 
European banking sector and ensuring the proper functioning of monetary policy in the eurozone. 
The banking union is expected to be achieved through new harmonized banking rules (the single rulebook) and 
a new institutional framework with stronger systems for both banking supervision and resolution that will be 
managed at the European level. Its two main pillars are the SSM and the Single Resolution Mechanism (SRM). 
The SSM (comprised by both the ECB and the national competent authorities) is designed to assist in making 
the banking sector more transparent, unified and safer. In accordance with the SSM Regulation, the ECB fully 
assumed its new supervisory responsibilities within the SSM, in particular direct supervision of the largest 
European banks (including the Group), on 4 November 2014. 
The SSM represented a significant change in the approach to bank supervision at a European and global level, 
and resulted in the direct supervision by the ECB of the 115 largest financial institutions (as of 1 November 
2020), including the Group, and indirect supervision of around 3,500 financial institutions and is now one of 
the largest in the world in terms of assets under supervision. In the coming years, the SSM is expected to 
continue working on the establishment of a new supervisory culture importing best practices from the 19 
national competent authorities that are part of the SSM and promoting a level playing field across participating 
Member States. Several steps have already been taken in this regard such as the publication of the Supervisory 
Guidelines; the approval of the Regulation (EU) No 468/2014 of the ECB of 16 April 2014, establishing the 
framework for cooperation within the SSM between the ECB and national competent authorities and with 
national designated authorities (the “SSM Framework Regulation”); the approval of a Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) 2016/445 of the European Central Bank of 14 March 2016 on the exercise of options and discretions 
available in Union law) and a set of guidelines on the application of CRR's national options and discretions, 
etc. In addition, the SSM represents an extra cost for the financial institutions that funds it through payment of 
supervisory fees. 
The other main pillar of the EU banking union is the SRM, the main purpose of which is to ensure a prompt 
and coherent resolution of failing banks in Europe at minimum cost for the taxpayers and the real economy. 
The SRM Regulation establishes uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of the SRM and a SRF. Under the intergovernmental agreement 
(IGA) signed by 26 EU member states on 21 May 2014, contributions by banks raised at national level were 
transferred to the SRF. The new Single Resolution Board (SRB), which is the central decision-making body of 
the SRM, started operating on 1 January 2015 and fully assumed its resolution powers on 1 January 2016. The 
SRB is responsible for managing the SRF and its mission is to ensure that credit institutions and other entities 
under its remit, which face serious difficulties, are resolved effectively with minimal costs to taxpayers and the 
real economy. From that date onwards, the SRF is also in place, composed of contributions from credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the participating Member States within the Banking Union in 
accordance with the methodology approved by the Council of the EU. The SRF will be gradually built up during 
the first eight years (2016-2023) and is intended to reach the target level of at least 1 per cent. of the amount of 
covered deposits of all credit institutions within the Banking Union by 31 December 2023. The SRF shall not
be used to absorb the losses of an institution or to recapitalize an institution. In exceptional circumstances, 
where an eligible liability or class of liabilities is excluded or partially excluded from the write-down or 
conversion powers, a contribution from the SRF may be made to the institution under resolution under two key 
conditions, namely: 1) bail-in of at least 8 per cent. of the total liabilities: losses totalling not less than 8 per 
cent. of the total liabilities including own funds of the institution under resolution have already been absorbed

--- Page 131 ---
131
by shareholders after counting for incurred losses, the holders of relevant capital instruments and other eligible 
liabilities through write-down, conversion or otherwise; and 2) contribution from the SRF of maximum 5 per 
cent. of the total liabilities: the SRF contribution does not exceed 5 per cent. of the total liabilities including 
own funds of the institution under resolution. 
A single deposit guarantee scheme is still needed in order to complete such a banking union, which may require 
a change to the existing European treaties. This is the subject of continued negotiation by European leaders in 
order to ensure further progress is made in European fiscal, economic and political integration. 
Regulations adopted towards achieving a banking and/or fiscal union in the EU and decisions adopted by the 
ECB in its capacity as the main supervisory authority of the Group may have a material impact on its business, 
financial condition and results of operations.
Moreover, regulations adopted on structural measures to improve the resilience of EU credit institutions may 
have a material impact on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of the Group. 
These regulations, if adopted, may also cause the Group to invest significant management attention and 
resources to make any necessary changes.
Capital, liquidity and funding requirements
Overview
As a Spanish financial institution, the Bank is subject to the Capital Requirements Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
No 575/2013) (“CRR”) and the Capital Requirements Directive (Directive 2013/36/EU) (“CRD IV”), through 
which the EU began implementing the Basel III capital reforms from 1 January 2014. While the CRD IV 
required national transposition, the CRR was directly applicable in all the EU member states. This regulation is 
complemented by several binding technical standards and guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority 
(“EBA”), directly applicable in all EU member states, without the need for national implementation measures 
either. The implementation of the CRD IV into Spanish law has taken place through Royal Decree Law 14/2013 
and Law 10/2014, Royal Decree 84/2015, Bank of Spain Circular 2/2014 and Bank of Spain Circular 2/2016.
On 27 June 2019, a comprehensive package of reforms amending CRR, CRD IV, European Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive (Directive 2014/59/EU) (“BRRD”) and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the “SRM 
Regulation”) came into force: (i) Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial 
holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures (“CRD 
V”); (ii) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms 
and Directive 98/26/EC (“BRRD II”); (iii) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and 
Regulation (EU) 648/2012 (“CRR II”); and (iv) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms (“SRMR II”, and, together with CRD V, BRRD II and CRR 
II, the “EU Banking Reforms”). However, most of the provisions of CRR II are not applicable until 28 June 
2021 and CRD V and BRRD II have not yet been transposed into Spanish law so it is uncertain how they will 
affect the Bank or the investors. In addition, there is also uncertainty as to how the EU Banking Reforms will 
be implemented and applied by the relevant authorities.
In addition to the above, on 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public consultation 
on technical aspects on a new review of BRRD (“BRRD III”), the SRM Regulation (“SRMR III”), and 
Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee 
schemes (“DGSD II”). The consultation is open until 20 April 2021. The targeted consultation is split into two 
main sections: a section covering the general objectives of the review focus, and a section seeking technical 
feedback on stakeholders' experience with the current framework and the need for changes in the future 
framework, notably on (i) resolution, liquidation and other available measures to handle banking crises, (ii) 
level of harmonisation of creditor hierarchy in the EU and impact on no creditor worse off principle, and (iii) 
depositor insurance. Legislative proposals for BRRD III, SRM III and DGSD II are to be tabled on Q4 2021.

--- Page 132 ---
132
The EU Banking Reforms cover multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, the leverage ratio, mandatory 
restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, macroprudential tools, 
a new category of “non-preferred” senior debt that should only be bailed-in after junior ranking instruments but 
before other senior liabilities, changes to the definitions of Tier 2 and Additional Tier 1 instruments, the MREL 
framework and the integration of the TLAC standard into EU legislation as mentioned above.
Additionally, with regard to the European Commission's proposal to create a new asset class of “non-preferred” 
senior debt, on 27 December 2017, Directive 2017/2399 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking 
of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy was published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union which sets forth a harmonised national insolvency ranking of unsecured debt instruments to facilitate the 
issuance by credit institutions of senior “non-preferred” instruments. Before that, Royal Decree-Law 11/2017, 
of 23 June, approving urgent measures on financial matters created in Spain the new asset class of senior-non 
preferred debt.
Capital requirements
Credit institutions, such as the Bank, are required, on a standalone and consolidated basis, to hold a minimum
amount of regulatory capital of 8 per cent. of risk weighted assets (of which at least 4.5 per cent. must be CET1
capital and at least 6 per cent. must be Tier 1 capital). In addition to the minimum regulatory capital 
requirements, the CRD IV also introduced five capital buffer requirements that must be met with CET1 capital: 
(1) the capital conservation buffer for unexpected losses, requiring additional CET1 of 2.5 per cent. of total risk 
weighted assets; (2) the institution-specific counter-cyclical capital buffer (consisting of the weighted average 
of the counter-cyclical capital buffer rates that apply in the jurisdictions where the relevant credit exposures are 
located), which may require as much as additional CET1 capital of 2.5 per cent. of total risk weighted assets or 
higher pursuant to the requirements set by the competent authority; (3) the G-SIIs buffer requiring additional 
CET1 of between 1 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. of risk weighted assets; (4) the other systemically important 
institutions buffer, which may be as much as 2 per cent. of risk weighted assets; and (5) the CET1 systemic risk 
buffer to prevent systemic or macro prudential risks of at least 1 per cent. of risk weighted assets (to be set by 
the competent authority). Entities are required to comply with the “combined buffer requirement” (broadly, the 
combination of the capital conservation buffer, the institution-specific counter-cyclical buffer and the higher of 
(depending on the institution) the systemic risk buffer, the G-SIIs buffer and the other systemically important 
institutions (“O-SII”) buffer, in each case as applicable to the institution). Under the CRD V, where an 
institution is subject to a systemic risk buffer, that buffer will be cumulative with the applicable G-SIIs buffer 
or the other systemically important institution buffer.
While the capital conservation buffer and the G-SII buffer are mandatory, the Bank of Spain has greater 
discretion in relation to the counter-cyclical capital buffer, the O-SII buffer and the systemic risks buffer. The 
ECB also has the ability to provide certain recommendations in this respect.
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is required to maintain a capital conservation buffer of 
additional CET1 capital of 2.5 per cent. of risk weighted assets, a G-SII buffer of additional CET1 capital of 1 
per cent. of risk weighted assets and a counter-cyclical capital buffer of additional CET1 capital of 0.2 per cent. 
of risk weighted assets. However, the Bank of Spain agreed on 21 December 2020 to maintain the counter-
cyclical capital buffer applicable to credit exposures in Spain at 0 per cent. for the first quarter of 2021 (while 
percentages are to be revised each quarter, the Bank of Spain anticipated also the non-activation of the counter-
cyclical capital buffer over a prolonged period, at least until the main economic and financial effects arising 
from the covid-19 outbreak have been dispelled). 
Moreover, Article 104 of the CRD IV, as implemented by Article 68 of Law 10/2014, also contemplate that in 
addition to the minimum Pillar 1 capital requirements and any applicable capital buffer, supervisory authorities 
may impose further Pillar 2 capital requirements to cover other risks, including those risks incurred by the 
individual institutions due to their activities not considered to be fully captured by the minimum capital 
requirements under the CRD IV and CRR. This may result in the imposition of additional capital requirements 
on the Bank and/or the Group pursuant to this Pillar 2 framework. 
As clarified by the ECB in its “Frequently asked questions on the 2016 EU-wide stress test” (July 2016) and as 
included in the CRD V, the specific Pillar 2 capital will consist of two parts: Pillar 2 requirement and Pillar 2 
guidance. Pillar 2 requirements are binding and breaches can have direct legal consequences for banks, while 
Pillar 2 guidance is not directly binding and a failure to meet Pillar 2 guidance does not automatically trigger 
legal action, even though the ECB expects banks to meet Pillar 2 guidance. Failure to comply with the Pillar 2

--- Page 133 ---
133
guidance is not relevant for the purposes of triggering the automatic restriction of the distribution and 
calculation of the Maximum Distributable Amount (as defined below) but, in addition to certain other measures, 
competent authorities will be entitled to impose further Pillar 2 capital requirements where an institution 
repeatedly fails to follow the Pillar 2 capital guidance previously imposed.
In addition to the above, the EBA published on 19 December 2014 its final guidelines for common procedures 
and methodologies in respect of its SREP (the “EBA SREP Guidelines”). Included in this were the EBA's 
proposed guidelines for a common approach to determining the amount and composition of additional Pillar 2 
capital requirements implemented on 1 January 2016. Under these guidelines (and until CRD V is implemented 
in Spain), national supervisors must set a composition requirement for the Pillar 2 additional capital 
requirements to cover certain specified risks of at least 56 per cent. CET1 capital and at least 75 per cent. Tier 
1 capital. Under article 104(a) of CRD V, EU banks would have been directly allowed to meet Pillar 2 
requirements with these minimum proportions of CET1 capital and tier 1 capital from January 2021. However, 
on 12 March 2020 in reaction to the covid-19 outbreak the ECB announced measures expected to provide capital 
relief to banks in support of the economy. These measures include the permission to (i) operate temporarily 
below the level of capital defined by Pillar 2 guidance, the "capital conservation buffer" and the liquidity 
coverage ratio (LCR) and (ii) bring forward the use of capital instruments that do not qualify as CET1 capital 
(for example Additional Tier 1 instruments and Tier 2 instruments) to meet Pillar 2 requirements.
In addition to the recent statements on using flexibility within accounting and prudential rules, such as those 
made by the Basel Committee, the EBA and the ECB, amongst others, the European Commission proposed a 
few targeted “quick fix” amendments to the EU's banking prudential rules in order to maximise the ability of 
banks to lend and absorb losses related to covid-19. On 28 June 2020, Regulation 2020/873 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 24 June amending CRR and CRR II as regards certain adjustments in response 
to the covid-19 entered into force setting out exceptional temporary measures to alleviate the immediate impact 
of covid-19-related developments, by adapting the timeline of the application of international accounting 
standards on banks' capital, by treating more favourably public guarantees granted during this crisis, by 
postponing the date of application of the leverage ratio buffer, by setting a temporary prudential filter to mitigate 
the considerable negative impact of the volatility in central government debt markets during the covid-19 
pandemic on institutions, by modifying the way of excluding certain exposures from the calculation of the 
leverage ratio, by advancing the date of application of several agreed measures that incentivise banks to finance 
employees, SMEs and infrastructure projects and by aligning the minimum coverage requirements for NPLs 
that benefit from public guarantees with those that benefit from guarantees granted by official export credit 
agencies.
The EBA SREP Guidelines also contemplate that national supervisors should not set additional capital 
requirements in respect of risks which are already covered by capital buffer requirements and/or additional 
macro-prudential requirements; and, accordingly, the above “combined buffer requirement” is in addition to the 
minimum Pillar 1 capital requirement and to the additional Pillar 2 capital requirement. Therefore capital buffers 
would be the first layer of capital to be eroded pursuant to the applicable stacking order, as set out in the 
“Opinion of the EBA on the interaction of Pillar 1, Pillar 2 and combined buffer requirements and restrictions 
on distributions” published on 16 December 2015. In this regard, under Article 141 of the CRD IV, Member 
States of the EU must require that an institution that fails to meet the “combined buffer requirement” or the 
Pillar 2 capital requirements described above, will be prohibited from paying any Discretionary Payments
(which are defined broadly by the CRD IV as payments relating to CET1, variable remuneration and payments 
on Additional Tier 1 capital instruments), until it calculates its applicable restrictions and communicates them 
to the regulator and, once completed, such institution will be subject to restricted Discretionary Payments. The 
restrictions will be scaled according to the extent of the breach of the “combined buffer requirement” and 
calculated as a percentage of the profits of the institution since the last distribution of profits or Discretionary 
Payment. Such calculation will result in a “Maximum Distributable Amount” in each relevant period. As an 
example, the scaling is such that in the bottom quartile of the “combined buffer requirement”, no “discretionary 
distributions” will be permitted to be paid. Articles 43 to 49 of Law 10/2014 and Chapter II of Title II of Royal 
Decree 84/2015 implement the above provisions in Spain. In particular, Article 48 of Law 10/2014 and Articles 
73 and 74 of Royal Decree 84/2014 deal with restrictions on distributions. Furthermore, pursuant to the EU 
Banking Reforms, the calculation of the Maximum Distributable Amount, as well as consequences of, and 
pending, such calculation could also take place as a result of the breach of MREL and a breach of the leverage 
ratio buffer requirement.

--- Page 134 ---
134
CRD V further clarifies that Pillar 2 requirements should be positioned in the relevant stacking order of own 
funds requirements above the Pillar 1 capital requirements and below the "combined buffer requirement" or the 
leverage ratio buffer requirement, as applicable. In addition, CRD V also clarifies that Pillar 2 requirements 
should be set in relation to the specific situation of an institution excluding macroprudential or systemic risks, 
but including the risks incurred by individual institutions due to their activities (including those reflecting the 
impact of certain economic and market developments on the risk profile of an individual institution) and it also 
allows the Pillar 2 requirements to be partially covered with Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments –
the application of this measure having been brought forward in reaction to covid-19 pandemic, as explained 
above.
In addition to the above, the CRR also includes a requirement for institutions to calculate a leverage ratio 
(“LR”), report it to their supervisors and to disclose it publicly from 1 January 2015 onwards. More precisely, 
Article 429 of the CRR requires institutions to calculate their LR in accordance with the methodology laid down 
in that article. In January 2014, the Basel Committee finalised a definition of how the LR should be prepared 
and set an indicative benchmark (namely 3 per cent. of Tier 1 capital). Such 3 per cent. Tier 1 LR has been 
tested during a monitoring period until the end of 2017 although the Basel Committee had already proposed the 
final calibration at 3 per cent. Tier 1 LR. Accordingly, the CRR (as amended by the EU Banking Reforms) 
contains a binding 3 per cent. Tier 1 LR requirement, and which institutions must meet in addition and separately 
to their risk-based requirements from June 2021 onwards. Moreover, the EU Banking Reforms include a 
leverage ratio buffer for G-SIIs to be met with Tier 1 capital and set at 50 per cent. of the applicable risk 
weighted G-SIIs buffer. Pursuant to new Article 141b of the CRD V, G-SIIs shall be also obliged to determine 
their Maximum Distributable Amount and restrict Discretionary Payments where they do not meet at the same 
time the leverage ratio buffer under Article 92.1a of CRR and the “combined buffer requirement”.
MREL requirements
On 9 November 2015, the Financial Stability Board (the “FSB”) published its final principles and term sheet 
containing an international standard to enhance the loss absorbing capacity of G-SIIs such as the Bank. The 
final standard consists of an elaboration of the principles on loss absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of G-
SIIs in resolution and a term sheet setting out a proposal for the implementation of these proposals in the form 
of an internationally agreed standard on total loss absorbing capacity (“TLAC”) for G-SIIs. Once implemented 
in the relevant jurisdictions, these principles and terms will form a new minimum TLAC standard for G-SIIs, 
and in the case of G-SIIs with more than one resolution group, each resolution group within the G-SII. The FSB 
did a review of the technical implementation of the TLAC principles and term sheet in June 2019. The TLAC 
principles and term sheet established a minimum TLAC requirement to be determined individually for each G-
SII at the greater of (a) 16 per cent. of risk weighted assets as of 1 January 2019 and 18 per cent. as of 1 January 
2022, and (b) 6 per cent. of the Basel III Tier 1 leverage ratio exposure measure as of 1 January 2019, and 6.75 
per cent. as of 1 January 2022. Under the FSB TLAC standard, capital buffers stack on top of the 16 per cent. 
risk weighted assets TLAC requirement.
Furthermore, Article 45 of the BRRD provides that Member States shall ensure that institutions meet, at all 
times, the MREL. The MREL shall be calculated as the amount of own funds and eligible liabilities expressed 
as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution. The EBA was in charge of drafting 
regulatory technical standards on the criteria for determining MREL (the “MREL RTS”). On 3 July 2015 the 
EBA published the final draft MREL RTS. In application of Article 45(2) of the BRRD, the current version of 
the MREL RTS is set out in a Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1450 that was adopted by the 
Commission on 23 May 2016 (the “MREL Delegated Regulation”).
The MREL requirement was scheduled to come into force by January 2016. However, article 8 of the MREL 
Delegated Regulation gave discretion to resolution authorities to determine appropriate transitional periods to 
each institution.
The European Commission committed to review the existing MREL rules with a view to provide full 
consistency with the TLAC standard by considering the findings of a report that the EBA was required to 
provide to the European Commission under Article 45(19) of the BRRD. On 14 December 2016, the EBA 
published its final report on the implementation and design of the MREL framework where it stated that, 
although there was no need to change the key principles underlying the MREL Delegated Regulation, certain 
changes would be necessary with a view to improve the technical soundness of the MREL framework and 
implement the TLAC standard as an integral component of the MREL framework. On 16 January 2019, the

--- Page 135 ---
135
SRB published its policy statement on MREL for the second wave of resolution plans of the 2018 cycle, which 
will serve as a basis for setting binding MREL targets.
One of the main objectives of the EU Banking Reforms is to implement the TLAC standard and to integrate the 
TLAC requirement into the general MREL rules (the “TLAC/MREL Requirements”) thereby avoiding 
duplication from the application of two parallel requirements. As mentioned above, although TLAC and MREL 
pursue the same regulatory objective, there are, nevertheless, some differences between them in the way they 
are constructed. The EU Banking Reforms integrate the TLAC standard into the existing MREL rules and to 
ensure that both requirements are met with largely similar instruments, with the exception of the subordination 
requirement, which will be partially institution-specific and determined by the resolution authority. Under the 
EU Banking Reforms, institutions such as the Bank would continue to be subject to an institution-specific 
MREL requirement, which may be higher than the Pillar 1 TLAC/MREL Requirements for G-SIIs contained in 
the EU Banking Reforms.
Although the specific MREL requirements may vary depending on the specific characteristics of the credit 
entity (its application falls on resolution institution or resolution group, being entities subject to resolution 
following a Single Point of Entry or Multiple Point of Entry resolution strategy) and the resolution process, 
BRRD II together with CRR II introduce a relevant change for complying with MREL which now includes two 
different ratios (i) a risk ratio (percentage of total risk weighted assets of the resolution entity) and (ii) a non-
risk ratio (percentage of the resolution entity's total exposure), as well as empower the relevant resolution 
authority to authorise or require (a) complying with additional CET1, Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital ratios 
(which was not foreseen in the previous MREL rules) and (b) that certain level of senior liabilities issued by 
the resolution entity can be subject to Bail-in.
MREL application is also subject to a diferent regime depending on the nature of the entity based on its resource 
volume and systemic profile. Thus, the MREL requirements are different for G-SIIs, “top tier” entities (which 
are not G-SIIs with aggregated asset volume of over €100 billion), O-SIIs (which are institutions that, due to 
their systemic importance, are more likely to create risks to financial stability) and the rest of the resolution 
institutions. In particular, G-SIIs, “top tier” banks and O-SIIs are subject to Pillar 1 requirements: 18 per cent. 
(including the combined buffer requirements under CRD IV), and 13 per cent. of risk weighted assets and 6.75 
per cent. and 5 per cent. of leverage exposure, respectively for G-SIIs and “top tier” banks and O-SIIs. These 
requirements are complemented by further Pillar 2 requirements, which would be determined on a case-by-case
basis for the rest of the resolution institutions.
The EU Banking Reforms have introduced limited adjustments to the existing MREL rules ensuring technical 
consistency with the structure of any requirements for G-SIIs. Implementation of the TLAC/MREL 
Requirements will be phased-in from 1 January 2019 (a 16 per cent. minimum TLAC requirement) to 1 January 
2022 (a 18 per cent. minimum TLAC requirement).
The EU Banking Reforms provide that a bank's failure to comply with its TLAC/MREL Requirements should 
be addressed by the relevant authorities on the basis of their powers to address or remove impediments to 
resolution, the exercise of their supervisory powers and their power to impose early intervention measures, 
administrative penalties and other administrative measures. If there is any shortfall in an institution's level of 
eligible liabilities and own funds, and the own funds of such institution are otherwise contributing to the 
“combined buffer requirement”, those own funds will automatically be used instead to meet that institution's 
MREL requirement and will no longer count towards its “combined buffer requirement”, which may lead the 
institution to fail to meet its “combined buffer requirement”. Failure to meet the “combined buffer 
requirements” when consider in addition to the TLAC/MREL Requirements would require such institution to 
calculate its Maximum Distributable Amount, and the relevant resolution authority shall impose (but subject to 
a potential 9 months grace period) restrictions to make (i) distributions relating to CET1 capital, (ii) payments 
in respect of variable remuneration or discretionary pension revenues and (iii) distributions relating to 
Additional Tier 1 instruments (“Discretionary Payments”) above the Maximum Distributable Amount. As a 
result of the above, upon the transposition of the EU Banking Reforms, the Bank must fully comply with its 
“combined buffer requirement” in addition to its TLAC/MREL Requirements in order to make sure that it is 
able to make Discretionary Payments. The Bank announced on 28 November 2019 that it had received formal 
notification from the Bank of Spain of its binding minimum TLAC/MREL Requirements, both total and 
subordinated, for the resolution group of Banco Santander at a sub-consolidated level, as determined by the 
SRB. The total MREL requirement has been set at 16.81 per cent. of the resolution group's total liabilities and 
own funds, which as a reference of the resolution group's risk weighted assets at 31 December 2017 would be 
28.60 per cent. and is equivalent to an amount at 31 December 2017 of EUR108,631.8 million. The

--- Page 136 ---
136
subordination requirement has been set at 11.48 per cent. of the resolution group's total liabilities and own 
funds, which as a reference of this resolution group's risk weighted assets at 31 December 2017 would be 19.53 
per cent. and is equivalent to an amount at 31 December 2017 of EUR74,187.57 million. These requirements 
apply since 1 January 2020. According to the Bank's estimates, the resolution group complies with this total 
MREL requirement and the subordination requirement. Future requirements are subject to ongoing review by 
the resolution authority.
Additionally, the Basel Committee is currently in the process of reviewing and issuing recommendations in 
relation to risk asset weightings which may lead to increased regulatory scrutiny of risk asset weightings in the 
jurisdictions who are members of the Basel Committee.
Basel III post-crisis regulatory reform agenda
On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee's oversight body, the Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads 
of Supervision (“GHOS”) published the finalisation of the Basel III post-crisis regulatory reform agenda. This 
review of the regulatory framework covers credit, operational and credit valuation adjustment (“CVA”) risks, 
introduces a floor to the consumption of capital by internal ratings-based methods (“IRB”) and the revision of 
the calculation of the leverage ratio. The main features of the reform are: (i) a revised standard method for credit 
risk, which will improve the soundness and sensitivity to risk of the current method; (ii) modifications to the 
IRB methods for credit risk, including input floors to ensure a minimum level of conservatism in model 
parameters and limitations to its use for portfolios with low levels of non-compliance; (iii) regarding the CVA 
risk, and in connection with the above, the removal of any internally modelled method and the inclusion of a 
standardised and basic method; (iv) regarding the operations risk, the revision of the standard method, which 
will replace the current standard methods and the advanced measurement approaches (AMA); (v) the 
introduction of a leverage ratio buffer for G-SIIs; and (vi) regarding capital consumption, it establishes a 
minimum limit on the aggregate results (output floor), which prevents the risk weighted assets of the banks 
generated by internal models from being lower than the 72.5 per cent. of the risk weighted assets that are 
calculated with the standard methods of the Basel III framework. In August 2019 the EBA advised the European 
Commission on the introduction of the output floor and concluded that the revised framework should be 
implemented by using the floored risk weighted assets as a basis for all the capital layers, including the systemic 
risk buffer and the Pillar 2 capital requirement.
The GHOS have extended the implementation of the revised minimum capital requirements for market risk 
until January 2022, to coincide with the implementation of the reviews of credit, operational and CVA risks.
More recently, on 27 March 2020, the GHOS informed that a set of measures to provide additional operational 
capacity for banks and supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability priorities resulting from the 
impact of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) on the global banking system have been endorsed. Among such 
measures, the implementation date of the revised market risk framework was deferred by one year to 1 January 
2023.  
Deposit Guarantee Fund ("DGF") and Single Resolution Fund ("SRF")
The Group belongs to the DGF, which is aimed at guaranteeing the return of guaranteed deposits when the 
depository institution has been declared bankrupt (concurso de acreedores) or when deposits are not returned, 
provided an agreement has not been reached to commence a resolution process of the institution up to the limit 
contemplated in Royal Decree-Law 16/2011, of 14 October 2011, creating the Deposit Guarantee Fund for 
Credit Institutions. The standard annual contribution to be made by institutions to the fund is determined by the 
DGF Management Committee, pursuant to the provisions of Bank of Spain Circular 5/2016 of 27 May on the 
calculation method to ensure that the contributions by member institutions of the Deposit Guarantee Fund are 
proportional to their risk profile, as amended by Circular 1/2018 of 31 January 2018. 
In addition, in March 2014, the European Parliament and the Council reached a political agreement on the 
creation of the second pillar of the banking union, the Single Resolution Mechanism ("SRM"). The main 
objective of the SRM is to ensure that all possible bankruptcies that occur in the future in the banking union are 
managed efficiently, at a minimum cost to taxpayers and the actual economy. The SRM's scope of activity is 
identical to that of the SSM, being a central authority.
The regulations governing the banking union are aimed at ensuring that the banks and their shareholders 
(primarily) and, if required, the bank's creditors (partly), are those that finance resolutions. Nevertheless, 
another source of finance must also be available, if the contributions by shareholders and bank creditors are 
insufficient. This is the SRF, administered by the SRB, which is the ultimate entity responsible for deciding

--- Page 137 ---
137
whether or not the resolution of the bank should be initiated, while the operating decisions are made in 
conjunction with the national resolution authorities. The regulations establish that banks must contribute to the 
SRF for eight years.
The SRB calculates the contributions to be made by each entity to the SRF, in accordance with the provisions 
of Regulation (EU) 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014. The calculation 
is based on: 
(a)
contributions that are calculated in proportion to the individual entity's liabilities, excluding net 
worth and guaranteed deposits, with respect to the total liabilities minus net worth and guaranteed 
deposits of all the authorised entities in the participating Member States («annual base 
contribution»); and
(b)
contributions that are calculated according the entity's risk profile («risk-adjusted contribution»).
The expense accounted for in financial years 2019 and 2018 for contributions by the Bank to the Deposit 
Guarantee Fund and the SRF amounted to €911 million and €895 million, respectively. 
Non-performing exposures
On 15 March 2018, the ECB published its supervisory expectations on prudent levels of provision for non-
performing loans ("NPLs"). The document was published as a subsequent addendum (the "Addendum") to the 
ECB's guidance on non-performing loans for credit institutions of 20 March 2017, which clarified the ECB's 
supervisory expectations with regard to the identification, measurement, management and write-off of NPLs. 
The ECB states that the Addendum sets out what it considers to be prudential provisioning of non-performing 
exposures (“NPEs”), in order to avoid an excessive build-up of non-covered aged NPLs on banks' balance 
sheets in the future, which would require specific supervisory measures.
In this respect, the ECB states that it will assess any differences between banks' practices and the prudential 
provisioning expectations laid out in the Addendum at least annually and will link the supervisory expectations 
in this Addendum to new NPLs classified as such from 1 April 2018 onwards. In addition, banks will therefore 
be asked to inform the ECB of any differences between their practices and the prudential provisioning 
expectations, as part of the SREP supervisory dialogue, as from early 2021. This could ultimately result in the 
ECB requiring banks to apply specific adjustments to their net worth calculations when the accounting treatment 
applied by the bank is not considered prudent from a supervisory perspective which, in turn, could have an 
impact on the banks' capital position.
In August 2019, the ECB further revised its supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning of new NPEs 
taking into account the adoption of the new Regulation (EU) 2019/630, which outlines the Pillar 1 treatment 
for NPEs, complements existing prudential rules and requires a deduction from own funds when NPEs are not 
sufficiently covered by provisions or other adjustments.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, on 20 March 2020 among the package of measures adopted in reaction to the 
covid-19 outbreak, the ECB announced further measures introducing supervisory flexibility regarding the 
treatment of NPLs, in particular to allow banks to fully benefit from guarantees and moratoriums put in place 
by public authorities to tackle the current distress. In light of that scenario, the EBA has also issued statements 
regarding the prudential framework in relation to the classification of loans in default, classification of 
exposures under the definition of forbearance or as defaulted under distressed restructuring, and their 
accounting treatment. In particular, the EBA has clarified that generalised payment delays due to legislative 
initiatives and addressed to all borrowers do not lead to any automatic classification in default, forborne or 
unlikeliness to pay (individual assessments of the likeliness to pay should be prioritised) and has clarified the 
requirements for public and private moratoria, which if fulfilled, are expected to help avoid the classification 
of exposures under the definition of forbearance or as defaulted under distressed restructuring.
Loss absorbing powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority
The BRRD (which has been implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015 and Royal Decree 1012/2015) is 
designed to provide authorities with tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in unsound or failing 
institutions so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while 
minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system.

--- Page 138 ---
138
See “Risk Factors – Risks General risks relating to the Instruments – Risks related to early intervention and 
resolution - Law 11/2015 enables a range of actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and investment 
firms considered to be at risk of failing. The taking of any action under Law 11/2015 could materially affect the 
value of any debt securities” for additional information.
New rules on real estate loans
Law 5/2019 of 15 March 2019 regulating real estate credit agreements and Royal Decree 309/2019 of 26 April 
2019 ("Real Estate Credit Regulations") implemented Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 4 February 2014, with the aim of strengthening the legal protection, transparency and 
prudential regime of real estate credit agreements.
In short, the protection regime of the Real Estate Credit Regulations extends to all natural persons, regardless 
of whether they are consumers or not, in conjunction with the current regulations on transparency in mortgage 
credit established by Order EHA/2899/2011, of 28 October, on the transparency and protection of customer 
banking services and Bank of Spain Circular 5/2012 and related regulations, in three areas: (i) establishment of 
rules of transparency and conduct that impose obligations upon lenders and credit intermediaries, as well as 
upon their appointed representatives; (ii) establishment of the legal regime governing real estate credit 
intermediaries and real estate lenders; and (iii) establishment of the penalty regime applicable in the event of a 
breach of the obligations contained therein.
The protection regime of the Real Estate Credit Regulations exceeds the level of protection established by 
Directive 2014/47/EU and has a direct impact on the granting and intermediation of real estate credit, imposing 
additional operating requirements that must be fulfilled by lenders (mainly to produce documents, such as the 
European Standardised Information Sheet, considered a binding offer during the agreed term until the signing 
of the agreement with at least 10 days' notice, the Standardised Warning Sheet, which contains relevant clauses 
or elements, the Separate Document (Documento Separado) and a copy of the draft agreement with a 
breakdown of all the costs), protective measures (limitation of default interest, in-depth assessment of the 
borrower's capacity, definition of financial concepts, determining of the regime governing related practices and 
cross-practices, accuracy of the content of the basic information that must appear in advertising materials) and 
the redistribution of the financial costs between lender and borrower (including the payment of stamp duty 
(Actos Jurídicos Documentados) by the lender, the cost of the property valuation and payment of the copies of 
the deed requested by the borrower).
The foreclosure regime is regulated by Article 24, which establishes the cumulative requirements for 
foreclosure:
(i)
Absolute Requirement – refers to the borrower's default on payment of part of the loan principal 
or interest;
(ii)
Quantitative requirement – taking into account the life of the loan (first or second half of the 
repayment period) the amount of instalments due and not paid shall be (i) in the first half of the 
loan (a) 3 per cent. of the principal granted or (b) 12 instalments (or the equivalent amount); or (ii) 
in the second half of the loan (a) 7 per cent. or (b) 15 instalments (or the equivalent amount);
(iii)
Subjective requirement – the lender has claimed payment from the borrower, granting the borrower 
at least one month to comply and stating that if the borrower fails to comply, the lender will demand 
full repayment of the outstanding amount of the loan.
This mandatory regime differs from the regime established by the Spanish Law of Civil Procedure (“Ley de 
Enjuiciamiento Civil”) (the “Law of Civil Procedure”), which required default of at least three monthly 
instalments to enable early termination of the loan by the lender, although this requirement has been extensively 
qualified by a number of court judgments, until the entry into force of Law 5/2019 on 16 June 2019. The 
Supreme Court ruling of 11 September 2019 on the effects of the annulment of an early maturity clause in 
mortgage loans clarified the regime, stating that (a) the annulment of a certain early maturity clause of a 
mortgage loan agreement does not imply the automatic annulment of the agreement; and (b) the early maturity 
clause annulled is replaced by Article 24 (which is mandatory).
In addition to the above, a limit on default interest is established in Article 25, which is also mandatory, as the 
interest of the loan plus three percentage points during the term of repayment of the loan and accrued only on 
the principal due and payable, without the possibility of capitalization (except in the case of Article 579.2.a) of

--- Page 139 ---
139
the Law of Civil Procedure). This mandatory regime thus differs from the previous regime, in which there was 
margin of choice, subject to a maximum limit (mainly determined by case law and ranging from 2 points above 
the loan interest rate to 2.5 times the statutory interest rate).
Furthermore, the Supreme Court judgment of 11 September 2019 on the effects of the annulment of early 
maturity clauses in mortgage loans amended the conditions of early maturity, stating that (a) the annulment of 
a certain early maturity clause in a mortgage loan does not imply the automatic annulment of the loan 
agreement; (b) alternatively, the early maturity clause annulled must be replaced by Article 24 of Law 5/2019 
(mandatory), which imposes minimum terms that must be respected by the lending institution for foreclosure 
of the mortgage, referenced to percentages of the capital (3 per cent. and 7 per cent.).
Digital Service Tax in Spain
On 15 October 2020, Spain enacted the Law 4/2020 that introduced a new tax on certain digital services. This 
law has entered into force on 16 January 2021. The Digital Services Tax (“DST”) is an indirect tax applicable 
to the provision of certain digital services when users are located in Spain (online advertising services targeted 
at users, online intermediary services and data transmissions) at a rate of 3 per cent. over gross income. 
Companies will be subject to the tax if (i) net turnover is over €750 million (globally), and (ii) total revenues 
from taxable digital services in Spain are over €3 million. The Preamble of the Law states the provisional nature 
of the DST until an international consensus on the taxation of digital business models is reached. 
PSD2
Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 November 2015 on payment 
services in the internal market (the “PSD2 Directive”) has been fully transposed into Spanish law, which took 
place after the deadline for PSD2 transposition (13 January 2018); notwithstanding the additional transitional 
period until 31 December 2020 in relation to the requirements on security measures (mainly due to their 
potential negative impact on electronic commerce)) by means of Royal Decree-Law 19/2018 of 23 November 
2018 on payment services and other urgent measures in financial matters, Royal Decree 736/2019 of 20 
December 2019 on the legal regime for payment services and payment institutions and Order ECE/1263/2019 
of 26 December 2019 on transparency of conditions and information requirements applicable to payment 
services. The PSD2 Directive essentially regulates (a) transparency conditions and (b) the rights and obligations 
in contracts between payment service providers and users, applying its regime to the objective scope of payment 
services provided by credit institutions, payment service entities and electronic money institutions. In addition, 
it provides for a set of precautionary measures (prohibition of surcharges for the use of payment instruments at 
commercial establishments or online, unconditional right to the return for direct debits in euros, reduction of 
liability for unauthorised payments), security requirements (protection of consumer financial data and enhanced 
security requirements for electronic payments).
In particular, the new payment services introduced by PSD2 feature the services of (a) payment initiation; and 
(b) account information. Both services involve access by third parties (suppliers to third parties) to payment 
service users' accounts held with credit institutions. This means the opening up of the payment market to these 
new competitors (“third-party providers”), who can operate directly through the payment service user's account 
at their credit institution, without having to open an account themselves to operate. This PSD2 Directive regime 
and the operational and technological efforts made to adapt it, together with the introduction of the so-called 
"open banking", will have a substantial impact on the business model for payment services offered by credit 
institutions, by allowing third parties not related to credit institutions to access their infrastructure, for the 
purposes of obtaining account information and initiating payment services with bank customers/potential new 
users of third-party payment services, subject to specific limitations under Articles 66, 67 et seq. In essence, 
this leads to an increase in the regulatory cost of adaptation of credit institutions, a strengthening of their 
technological systems for operational and integration purposes and an intensification of competition in the 
payment services sector, represented mainly by non-credit institution providers subject to a less onerous 
regulatory regime or, directly, not subject to a prudential supervision regime.
General State Budget in Spain
On 30 December 2020, Spain enacted Law 11/2020, of the General State Budget for 2021, which includes, 
among other measures, a limit of 95 per cent. of the current exemption in the Corporate Income Tax allowed

--- Page 140 ---
140
for dividends and capital gains derived from shares in resident and non-resident entities in Spain, an increase 
in Personal Income Tax on taxpayers with high income and a reduction on the deduction for contributions to 
pension plans to 2,000 euros per year (previously 8,000 euros). 
Banking Reform in the UK 
In accordance with the provisions of the Financial Services (Banking Reform) Act 2013, UK banking groups 
that hold significant retail deposits, including Santander UK, were required to separate or 'ring-fence' their retail 
banking activities from their wholesale banking activities by 1 January 2019.
Santander UK completed its ring-fencing plans in advance of the legislative deadline of 1 January 2019. 
However, given the complexity of the ringfencing regulatory regime and the material impact on the way 
Santander UK conducts its business operations in the UK, there is a risk that Santander UK may be found to be 
in breach of one or more ring-fencing requirements. This might occur, for example, if prohibited business 
activities are found to be taking place within the ring-fence, mandated retail banking activities are found being 
carried on in a UK entity outside the ring-fenced part of the group or Santander UK breached a PRA ring-
fencing rule. If Santander UK were found to be in breach of any of the ring-fencing requirements placed upon 
it under the ring-fencing regime, it could be subject to supervisory or enforcement action by the PRA, the 
consequences of which might include substantial financial penalties, imposition of a suspension or restriction 
on Santander UK's UK activities or, in the most serious of cases, forced restructuring of the UK group, entitling 
the PRA (subject to the consent of the UK Government) to require the sale of a Santander ring-fenced bank or 
other parts of the UK group.
New accounting framework
The Bank of Spain Circular 4/2017 of 27 November 2017 to credit institutions on public and confidential 
financial reporting rules and standard financial statements ("Circular 4/2017"), which repealed the former Bank 
of Spain Circular 4/2004 of 22 December 2004, after successive amendments, adapts the accounting system of 
Spanish credit institutions to the changes resulting from the adoption of International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) - IFRS 9 and IFRS 15, applicable as from 1 January 2018, in relation to the accounting criteria 
applicable to financial instruments and ordinary revenue.
Annex IX of Circular 4/2017 ("Annex IX") develops the general framework for credit risk management in 
accounting terms, essentially maintaining the amendments introduced by Circular 4/2016, of 27 April 2016 and 
mainly regulates the policies for the granting, modifying, evaluating, monitoring and controlling of transactions, 
which include their accounting and the estimation of credit risk loss hedging. In addition, a generally stricter 
regime is introduced for revaluation, mainly with respect to the general procedures of valuation and monitoring 
of real estate collateral and the valuation of properties used as collateral for mortgage loans (supplemented by 
the application of automatic methods to obtain Automated Valuation Model valuations and specific criteria 
applicable to valuations performed by valuation companies, with strict requirements).
Adaptation to the accounting criteria of IFRS 9 and IFRS 15 since 2018 has had a substantial influence on the 
accounting plans of credit institutions, mainly due to the effects of the impairment of financial assets, which are 
subject to new classification criteria and the move from the "incurred losses" model to the "expected credit 
losses" model, applicable to financial assets measured at amortised cost and to financial assets valued at fair 
value, with changes in other overall results. This has had a significant impact on credit institutions' provisioning 
models, leading to accounting adjustments/reduced reserves, in addition to the major regulatory costs that credit 
institutions had to bear in 2018.
IFRS 9
International Financial Reporting Standard 9 ("IFRS 9") addresses the classification, measurement and 
recognition of financial assets and financial liabilities. The full version of IFRS 9 was published in July 2014 
and replaces guideline IAS 39 on classification and measurement of financial instruments. IFRS 9 maintains, 
although it simplifies, the mixed measurement model and establishes three main measurement categories for 
financial assets: amortised cost, at fair value with changes in profit and loss and fair value with changes in other 
comprehensive income. The basis of classification depends on the entity's business model and the characteristics 
of the financial asset's contractual cash flows. Investments in equity instruments are required to be measured at

--- Page 141 ---
141
fair value through profit or loss with the irrevocable option at inception to present changes in fair value in other 
non-recyclable comprehensive income, provided the instrument is not held for trading. If the equity instrument 
is held for trading, changes in fair value are presented in profit or loss.
In relation to financial liabilities, there have been no changes with respect to classification and valuation, except 
for the recognition of changes in the entity's own credit risk in other comprehensive income for liabilities 
designated at fair value through profit or loss. Under IFRS 9, there is a new model for losses resulting from 
impaired value, the expected credit loss model, which replaces the incurred loss model of IAS 39 and will result 
in recognition of losses earlier than under IAS 39.
IFRS 9 relaxes the requirements for effective hedging. Under IAS 39, hedging must be highly effective, both 
prospectively and retrospectively. IFRS 9 replaces this process by requiring an economic relationship between 
the hedged item and the hedging instrument and that the hedged ratio is the same as that actually used by the 
entity for its risk management. Contemporaneous documentation is still required, but is different from that 
prepared under IAS 39. Finally, extensive information is required, including a reconciliation between the initial 
and final amounts of the provision for expected credit losses, assumptions and data, and a reconciliation on 
transition between the categories of the original classification under IAS 39 and the new classification 
categories under IFRS 9.
IFRS 9 is effective for annual periods that commence as of 1 January 2018. IFRS 9 is applied retrospectively, 
although the comparative figures do not have to be re-stated.
For more information on IFRS 9, see note 1.d to the 2019 Financial Statements.
General Data Protection Regulation
On 25 May 2018, the Regulation (EU) 2016/279 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 
2016, on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free 
movement of such data (the “General Data Protection Regulation” or “GDPR”) became directly applicable 
in all Member States of the EU. To align the Spanish legal regime with the GDPR, Spain has enacted the 
Organic Law 3/2018, of 5 December, on Data Protection and the safeguarding of digital rights which has 
repealed the Spanish Organic Law 15/1999, of 13 December, on data protection.
Although a number of basic existing principles have remained the same, the GDPR has introduced extensive 
new obligations on both data controllers and processors, as well as rights for data subjects. It also includes new 
fines and penalties for systematic breaches of up to the higher of 4 per cent. of annual worldwide turnover or 
€20 million and fines of up to the higher of 2 per cent. of annual worldwide turnover or €10 million (whichever 
is highest) for other specified infringements. 
The implementation of the GDPR has required substantial amendments to the procedures and policies of the 
Group. The changes have impacted, and could further adversely impact, its business by increasing its 
operational and compliance costs. Furthermore, due to the complexity of the legal provisions and the ever-
changing landscape of the digital world, there is an underlying risk that the Group could eventually face 
significant sanctions, both administrative and monetary, for non-compliance, as well as reputational damage 
which could have a material adverse effect on its operations, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 142 ---
142
TAXATION
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Instruments. It does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Instruments. Prospective purchasers 
of Instruments should consult their own tax advisers as to the consequences under the tax laws of the country 
of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of Spain of acquiring, holding and disposing of 
Instruments and receiving any payments under the Instruments. This summary is based upon the law as in effect 
on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date.
The proposed European Financial Transactions Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published the Commission's proposal for a Directive for an 
Financial Transactions Tax in the Participating Member States. However, Estonia has since stated that it will 
not participate.
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, impose a tax at 
generally not less than 0.1 per cent., generally determined by reference to the amount of consideration paid, on 
certain dealings in instruments (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance 
and subscription of Instruments should, however, be exempt. The mechanism by which the tax would be applied 
and collected is not yet known, but if the proposed directive or any similar tax is adopted, transactions in the 
Instruments would be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of the market for the Instruments may be 
diminished.
Under the Commission's proposal, the Financial Transactions Tax could apply in certain circumstances to 
persons both within and outside of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings 
in instruments where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
Participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating 
Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
Participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
Participating Member State.
The Commission’s proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States and the 
scope of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which 
remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate and/or certain of the Participating 
Member States may decide to withdraw. Prospective Holders are advised to seek their own professional advice 
in relation to the consequences of the Financial Transactions Tax associated with subscribing for, purchasing, 
holding and disposing of the Instruments.
Taxation in Spain
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations relating to the Instruments. It does 
not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Instruments. Prospective 
purchasers of Instruments should consult their own tax advisers as to the consequences under the tax laws of 
the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of Spain of acquiring, holding and 
disposing of Instruments and receiving any payments under the Instruments. The information contained within 
this section is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this document and is subject to any change in law 
that may take effect after such date.
In the event of an issue of unlisted Instruments, the applicable tax regime will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms.
Introduction
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the date 
of this document:
(a)
of general application, First Additional Provision of Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007;

--- Page 143 ---
143
(b)
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Individual Income Tax (“IIT”), 
Law 35/2006 of 28 November, on the IIT and on the Partial Amendment of the Corporate Income Tax 
Law, the Non-Residents Income Tax Law and the Net Wealth Tax Law, as amended, and Royal Decree 
439/2007, of 30 March, promulgating the IIT Regulations, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June, on Net 
Wealth Tax, as amended and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on the Inheritance and Gift Tax;
(c)
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Corporate Income Tax 
(“CIT”), Law 27/2014, of 27 November, on CIT and Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July, promulgating 
the CIT Regulations; and
(d)
for individuals and entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Non-
Resident Income Tax (“NRIT”), Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March, promulgating the 
Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law, as amended, and Royal Decree 1776/2004 of 30 July promulgating 
the NRIT Regulations, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June, on Net Wealth Tax as amended and Law 
29/1987, of 18 December, on the Inheritance and Gift Tax.
Whatever the nature and residence of the beneficial owner, the acquisition and transfer of Instruments will be 
exempt from indirect taxes in Spain, i.e., exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, in accordance with the 
Consolidated Text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 September and exempt 
from Value Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December regulating such tax.
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain
Individual Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas)
Both interest payments periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayments 
of the Instruments obtained by individuals who are resident in Spain constitute a return on investment obtained 
from the transfer of a person's own capital to third parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 25 of 
the IIT Law, and therefore must be included in the investor's IIT savings taxable base pursuant to the provisions 
of the aforementioned law and generally taxed at a flat rate of (i) 19 per cent. on the first €6,000; (ii) 21 per 
cent. from €6,001 up to €50,000; (iii) 23 per cent. from €50,000.01 up to €200,000; and (iv) 26 per cent. for 
any amount in excess of €200,000.
According to Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, and in the opinion of the Issuer, the Issuer will pay 
interest without withholding to individual Holders who are resident for tax purposes in Spain provided that the 
information about the Instruments required by Exhibit I is submitted, notwithstanding the information 
obligations of the Issuer under general provisions of Spanish tax legislation. In addition, income obtained upon 
transfer, redemption or exchange of the Instruments may also be paid without withholding.
Notwithstanding the above withholding tax at the applicable tax rate of 19 per cent. may have to be deducted 
by other entities (such as depositaries, custodians or financial entities) provided that such entities are resident 
for tax purposes in Spain or have a permanent establishment in Spain.
Amounts withheld may be credited against the final IIT liability.
Reporting Obligations
The Issuer will comply with the reporting obligations set out in the Spanish tax laws with respect to Holders of 
the Instruments who are individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes.
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio)
Individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Net Wealth Tax to the extent that their net worth exceeds 
€700,000 (subject to any exceptions provided under relevant legislation in an autonomous region (Comunidad 
Autónoma). Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Instruments which they hold as of 31 
December in each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. although the final 
tax rates may vary depending on any applicable regional tax laws, and some reductions may apply.
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones)
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over any Instruments by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the 
applicable Spanish regional and State rules. The effective tax rates currently may range between 0 per cent.

--- Page 144 ---
144
(full exemption) and 81.6 per cent. depending on relevant factors (such as previous net wealth or family 
relationship between the transferor and transferee), and depending on any applicable regional tax laws.
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades)
Both interest received periodically and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the 
Instruments are subject to CIT at the current general tax rate of 25 per cent. in accordance with the rules for this 
tax. Special rates apply in respect of certain types of entities (such as qualifying collective investment 
institutions).
In accordance with Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, and in the opinion of the Issuer, there is no 
obligation to withhold on income payable to Spanish CIT taxpayers (which for the sake of clarity, include 
Spanish tax resident investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension funds). Consequently, the Issuer will 
not withhold tax on income payments to Spanish CIT taxpayers provided that the information about the 
Instruments required by Exhibit I is submitted, notwithstanding the information obligations of the Issuer under 
general provisions of Spanish tax legislation.
However, in the case of Instruments held by a Spanish resident entity and deposited with a Spanish resident 
entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments of interest under the Instruments or income obtained upon 
the transfer, redemption or repayment of the Instruments, may be subject to withholding tax at the generally 
applicable rate of 19 per cent., if the Instruments do not comply with exemption requirements specified in the 
Reply to the Consultation of the Directorate General for Taxation (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 
July 2004 in which case the required withholding will be made by the depositary or custodian. 
Notwithstanding the above, amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against its final 
CIT liability.
Reporting Obligations
The Issuer will comply with the reporting obligations set out in the Spanish tax laws with respect to Holders 
who are legal persons or entities resident in Spain for tax purposes.
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio)
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to Net Wealth Tax.
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones)
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes which acquire ownership or other rights over the Instruments 
by inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax but must include the market 
value of the Instruments in their taxable income for Spanish CIT purposes.
Individuals and Legal Entities with no tax residency in Spain
Non-resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la renta de No Residentes)
(a)
With permanent establishment in Spain
If the Instruments form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal 
entity who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving from 
such Instruments are, generally, the same as those previously set out for Spanish CIT taxpayers. See 
“Taxation in Spain-Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain—Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre 
Sociedades)”. Ownership of the Instruments by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain 
will not in itself create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain.
(b)
With no permanent establishment in Spain
Both interest payments received periodically and income derived from the transfer, redemption or 
repayment of the Instruments, obtained by individuals or entities who are not resident in Spain for tax 
purposes and who do not act, with respect to the Instruments, through a permanent establishment in 
Spain, are exempt from NRIT.

--- Page 145 ---
145
In order for the exemption to apply, it is necessary to comply with certain information obligations 
relating to the Instruments, in the manner detailed under “—Information about the Instruments in 
Connection with Payments” as laid down in section 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007. If these information 
obligations are not complied within the manner indicated, the Issuer will withhold at the general rate of 
19 per cent. and the Issuer will not pay additional amounts.
Holders not resident in Spain for tax purposes and entitled to exemption from NRIT but where the Issuer 
does not timely receive the information about the Instruments in accordance with the procedure 
described in detail as set forth in Exhibit I hereto would have to apply directly to the Spanish tax 
authorities for any refund to which they may be entitled, according to the procedures set forth in the 
Spanish NRIT Law.
Reporting Obligations
The Issuer will comply with the reporting obligations set out in the Spanish tax laws with respect to Holders 
who are individuals or legal entities not resident in Spain for tax purposes who act with respect to the 
Instruments through a permanent establishment in Spain.
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio)
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to Net Wealth 
Tax would generally not be subject to such tax. Otherwise, non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties 
and rights located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory exceed €700,000 would be 
subject to Net Wealth Tax, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent.
However, non-Spanish resident individuals will be exempt from Net Wealth Tax in respect of the Instruments 
which income is exempt from NRIT as described above.
Individuals that are not resident in Spain for tax purposes but who are resident in an EU or European Economic 
Area Member State may apply the rules approved by the autonomous region where the assets and rights with 
more value (i) are located, (ii) can be exercised or (iii) must be fulfilled.
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Net Wealth Tax.
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones)
Individuals not resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over Instruments by 
inheritance, gift or legacy, will be subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the 
applicable Spanish regional and state rules, unless they reside in a country for tax purposes with which Spain 
has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax. In such case, the provisions of the 
relevant double tax treaty will apply.
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, such individuals will be subject to inheritance and 
gift tax in accordance with Spanish legislation. The applicable Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax rate would 
range between 0 per cent. (full exemption) and 81.6 per cent., depending on relevant factors.
However, if the deceased, heir or the donee are resident in an EU or European Economic Area Member State, 
depending on the specific situation, the applicable rules will be those corresponding to the relevant autonomous 
regions according to the law.
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Instruments by inheritance, 
gift or legacy are not subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax. Such acquisitions will be subject to NRIT 
(as described above), except as provided in any applicable double tax treaty entered into by Spain. In general, 
double tax treaties provide for the taxation of this type of income in the country of tax residence of the Holder.
Spanish FTT
The Spanish law which implements the Spanish FTT was approved on October 7, 2020 (the “FTT Law”) and 
the FTT Law was published in the Spanish Official Gazette (Boletín Oficial del Estado) on October 16, 2020. 
The Spanish FTT came into force three months after the publication of the FTT Law in the Spanish Official 
Gazette (that is, on January 16, 2021).
Spanish FTT will charge a 0.2% rate on specific acquisitions of listed shares issued by Spanish companies 
whose market capitalization exceeds €1 billion, regardless of the jurisdiction of residence of the parties involved

--- Page 146 ---
146
in the transaction but it does not affect transactions involving bonds or debt or similar instruments, such as 
preferred securities or derivatives.
The list of the Spanish companies with a market capitalisation exceeding €1billion at 1 December of each year 
will be published on the Spanish tax authorities' website before 31 December each year. For the purposes of 
transactions closed during 2021, the Spanish tax authorities issued a list of entities whose market capitalization 
exceeded €1 billion as of 16 December 2020, that will fall within the scope of the Spanish FTT. 
This being said, the Spanish FTT would not apply in relation to the Instruments since the Spanish FTT only 
applies on the acquisition of shares of certain Spanish companies, so while transactions involving bonds or debt 
or similar instruments, such as preferred securities or derivatives, are not affected by such tax.
Tax Rules for Instruments not listed on a Multilateral Trading Facility, Regulated Market or 
any Organised Market in an OECD Country
Withholding on Account of IIT, CIT and NRIT
If the Instruments are not listed on a multilateral trading facility, regulated market or any other organised market 
in an OECD country on any Payment Date, interest or income from redemption or repayment obtained by 
Holders in respect of the Instruments will be subject to withholding tax at the general rate of 19 per cent., except 
in the case of Holders which are: (a) resident in a Member State of the EU (other than Spain) or in a member 
state of the European Economic Area (other than Spain) which has entered into an effective exchange of tax 
information agreement with Spain, and obtain the interest income either directly or through a permanent 
establishment located in another Member State of the EU (other than Spain) or in a member state of the 
European Economic Area (other than Spain) which has entered into an effective exchange of tax information 
agreement with Spain, provided that such Holders (i) do not obtain the interest income on the Instruments 
through a permanent establishment in Spain and (ii) are not resident of, or are not located in, nor obtain income 
through, a tax haven (as defined by Royal Decree 1080/1991, of 5 July, as amended); or (b) Spanish financial 
entities which comply with the requirements established in Article 61.c) or Spanish securitization funds which 
comply with the requirements established in Article 61.k) of Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July 2015 or non-
Spanish financial entities acting through a Spanish branch as referred to in the second paragraph of Article 8.1 
of the Non-Resident Income Tax Regulations approved by Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July 2004; (c) 
resident for tax purposes of a country which has entered into a convention for the avoidance of double taxation 
with Spain which provides for an exemption from Spanish tax or a reduced withholding tax rate with respect to 
interest payable to any Holder.
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio)
See “Taxation in Spain Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain–Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el 
Patrimonio)” and “Taxation in Spain–Individuals and legal entities with no tax residency in Spain – Net Wealth 
Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio)”.
Information about the Instruments in Connection with Payments 
As described above, interest and other income paid with respect to the Instruments will not be subject to Spanish
withholding tax unless the procedures for delivering to the Issuer the information described in Exhibit I of this 
Base Prospectus are not complied with.
The information obligations to be complied with in order to apply the exemption are those laid down in Section 
44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 (“Section 44”).
In accordance with Section 44, the following information with respect to the Instruments must be submitted to 
the Issuer before the close of business on the Business Day (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) 
immediately preceding the date on which any payment of interest, principal or of any amounts in respect of the 
early redemption of the Instruments (each, a “Payment Date”) is due.
Such information comprises:
(a)
the identification of the Instruments with respect to which the relevant payment is made;
(b)
the date on which the relevant payment is made;

--- Page 147 ---
147
(c)
the total amount of the relevant payment;
(d)
the amount of the relevant payment paid to each entity that manages a clearing and settlement system 
for securities situated outside of Spain.
In particular, the Issue and Paying Agent must certify the information above about the Instruments by means of 
a certificate in the Spanish language, an English language form of which is attached as Exhibit I of this Base 
Prospectus.
In light of the above, the Issuer and the Issue and Paying Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate 
the collection of information concerning the Instruments by the close of business on the Business Day 
immediately preceding each relevant Payment Date. If, despite these procedures, the relevant information is not 
received by the Issuer on each Payment Date, such Issuer will withhold tax at the then-applicable rate, generally 
19 per cent. from any payment in respect of the relevant Instruments. The Issuer will not pay any additional 
amounts with respect to any such withholding.
If, before the tenth day of the month following the month in which interest is paid, the Issue and Paying Agent 
provides such information, the Issuer, will reimburse the amounts withheld.
Prospective Holders of Instruments should note that neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers accepts 
any responsibility relating to the procedures established for the collection of information concerning the 
Instruments. Accordingly, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers will be liable for any damage or loss 
suffered by any Holder who would otherwise be entitled to an exemption from Spanish withholding tax 
but whose income payments are nonetheless paid net of Spanish withholding tax because these 
procedures prove ineffective. Moreover, the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with respect to 
any such withholding. See “Risk Factors - Risks in relation to the Instruments - Taxation”.
Set out below is Exhibit I. The information set out in Exhibit I has been translated from the original Spanish 
and has been presented in this document in English only as the language of this Base Prospectus is English. 
However, only the Spanish language text of Exhibit I is recognised under Spanish law. In the event of any 
discrepancy between the English language translation of the information in Exhibit I appearing herein, and the 
Spanish language information appearing in the corresponding certificate provided by the Issue and Paying 
Agent to the Issuer, the Spanish language information shall prevail.

--- Page 148 ---
148
EXHIBIT I
Annex to Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection 
and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of Article 44 of the General Regulations of the 
tax inspection and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to 
apply taxes
Mr. (name), with tax identification number (...)1, in the name and on behalf of (entity), with tax identification number 
(....)1 and address in (...) as (function - mark as applicable):
(a)
Management Entity of the Public Debt Market in book entry form.
(b)
Entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a foreign country.
(c)
Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties within clearing and settlement systems 
domiciled in the Spanish territory.
(d)
Paying Agent appointed by the issuer.
Makes the following statement, according to its own records:
1
In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 44:
1.1
Identification of the securities……………………………………………………
1.2
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated)
1.3
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded, in any case, if the securities are issued at 
discount or are segregated)
1.4
Amount of income corresponding to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, except segregated coupons and 
segregated principals for which reimbursement an intermediary entity is involved..................
1.5
Amount of income which according to paragraph 2 of Article 44 must be paid gross (or total amount to 
be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated).
2
In relation to paragraph 5 of Article 44.
2.1
Identification of the securities……………………………………………………..
2.2
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) 
……………………………………………………
2.3
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are 
segregated)
2.4
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country A.
2.5
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country B.
2.6
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country C.
I declare the above in .................. .... on the.... of ................... ... of ....
                                                       
1
In case of non-residents (individuals or corporations) without permanent establishment in Spain it shall be included the number or identification 
code which corresponds according to their country of residence.

--- Page 149 ---
149
Irish Taxation 
The following is a summary of the Irish withholding tax treatment of the Instruments. It is based on the laws 
and practice of the Revenue Commissioners currently in force in Ireland as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
and may be subject to change. The summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the 
Irish tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Instruments. The 
summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature only and it 
does not discuss all aspects of Irish taxation that may be relevant to any particular Holder of Instruments. 
Prospective investors in the Instruments should consult their professional advisers on the tax implications of 
the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Instruments and the receipt of payments thereon under any 
laws applicable to them. 
Withholding Tax 
Irish withholding tax applies to certain payments including payments of: 

Irish source yearly interest (yearly interest is interest that is capable of arising for a period in excess 
of one year); 

Irish source annual payments (annual payments are payments that are capable of being made for a 
period in excess of one year and are pure income-profit in the hands of the recipient); and 

Distributions (including interest that is treated as a distribution under Irish law) made by companies 
that are resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax; 
at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.). 
On the basis that the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax, nor does the Issuer operate in 
Ireland through a branch or agency with which the issue of the Instruments is connected, nor are the Instruments
held in Ireland through a depository or otherwise located in Ireland, then to the extent that payments of interest 
or annual payments arise on the Instruments, such payments should not be regarded as payments having an Irish 
source for the purposes of Irish taxation. In addition, the mere offering of Instruments to Irish investors will not 
cause any payments to have an Irish source.
Accordingly, the Issuer or any paying agent acting on behalf of the Issuer should not be obliged to deduct any 
amount on account of these Irish withholding taxes from payments made in connection with the Instruments. 
Separately, for as long as the Instruments are quoted on a stock exchange, a purchaser of the Instruments should 
not be obliged to deduct any amount on account of Irish tax from a payment made by it in connection with the 
purchase of the Instruments.
Encashment Tax 
Payments on any Instruments paid by a paying agent in Ireland or collected or realised by an agent in Ireland 
acting on behalf of the beneficial owner of Instruments will be subject to Irish encashment tax at the standard 
rate of Irish tax (currently 20 per cent.), unless it is proved, on a claim made in the required manner to the 
Revenue Commissioners of Ireland, that the beneficial owner of the Instruments entitled to the interest or 
distribution is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax and such interest or distribution is not deemed, 
under the provisions of Irish tax legislation, to be income of another person that is resident in Ireland.

--- Page 150 ---
150
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known as 
FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign 
passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The 
Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Spain) have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Instruments, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Instruments, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Instruments, such 
withholding would not apply to foreign passthru payments prior to the date that is two years after the date on 
which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and 
Instruments that have a fixed term and are not treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, issued on 
or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru 
payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA 
withholding on foreign passthru payments unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional 
instruments (as described under “Terms and Conditions—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from 
previously issued Instruments are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Instruments, including the Instruments offered 
prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. In the event any 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Instruments, no 
person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. Prospective purchasers should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Instruments.

--- Page 151 ---
151
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealership agreement dated 15
March 2021 (the “Dealership Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Dealers (the “Permanent Dealers”) and the 
Arrangers, the Instruments will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, 
the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Instruments directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent 
Dealers but are appointed under the Dealership Agreement. The Instruments may be resold at prevailing market 
prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Instruments 
may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealership Agreement also 
provides for Instruments to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or 
more Dealers.
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Instruments subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arrangers for their expenses incurred in connection with the update of 
the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Instruments. The Dealership Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Instruments in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Instruments being made to the Issuer.
Selling Restrictions
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Instruments which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA.
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, 
or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S.
Bearer Instruments are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended, and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, 
except as permitted by the Dealership Agreement, it will not offer, sell or (in the case of Bearer Instruments) deliver 
the Instruments of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days 
after the completion of the distribution of such Tranche, within the United States or to or for the account or benefit 
of U.S. persons, and only in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S (the “distribution compliance period”).
Each Dealer has further agreed that it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Instruments during the distribution 
compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of

--- Page 152 ---
152
the Instruments within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the distribution of any identifiable Tranche of Instruments, any 
offer or sale of Instruments within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of 
such Tranche) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Instruments are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation 
S. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Instruments 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Instruments, 
in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States or to any U.S. person. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States 
to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States is unauthorised and any disclosure without the 
prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United 
States, is prohibited.
UK
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Instruments which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following:
(a)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(b)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA.
Other regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that:
(a)
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Instruments in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer were not an authorised person, 
apply to the Issuer; and
(b)
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect 
to anything done by it in relation to any Instruments in, from or otherwise involving the UK.
Spain
The Instruments may not be offered, sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Instruments be carried out 
in Spain, except in circumstances which do not require the registration of a prospectus in Spain or without complying 
with all legal and regulatory requirements under Spanish securities laws. No publicity or marketing of any kind shall 
be made in Spain in relation to the Instruments.
Neither the Instruments nor the Base Prospectus have been registered with the CNMV and therefore the Base 
Prospectus is not intended for any offer of the Instruments in Spain that would require the registration of a prospectus 
with the CNMV.

--- Page 153 ---
153
Japan
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Instruments, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means 
any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any 
other applicable laws and regulations of Japan.
Switzerland
The offering of the Instruments in Switzerland is exempt from requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under 
the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”). This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus pursuant to the 
FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the Instruments.
Belgium
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available, and will not sell, offer or otherwise 
make available, any Instruments to any consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian
Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended, in Belgium.
Singapore
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS, and the Instruments will be offered 
pursuant to exemptions under the SFA. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Instruments or caused 
the Instruments to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any 
Instruments or cause the Instruments to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Instruments, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA pursuant to 
Section 275(1) of the SFA), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions 
of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Instruments are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each 
of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within 
six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Instruments pursuant to an offer made under Section 
275 of the SFA except:
(a)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 
275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(b)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(c)
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(d)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(e)
as specified in Regulation 37Aof the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-
based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.

--- Page 154 ---
154
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA - Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all 
Instruments shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in the MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Product and the 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
Italy
The offering of the Instruments has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no 
Instruments may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus (including, without limitation, 
any supplement to the Base Prospectus) or any other document relating to the Instruments be distributed in the 
Republic of Italy (“Italy”), except in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and 
regulations.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Instruments or 
distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Instruments in Italy except:
(a)
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 1129 of 
14 June 2017 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
24 February 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”) and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or
(b)
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from 
time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Instruments or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus (including, 
without limitation, any supplement to the Base Prospectus) or any other document relating to the Instruments in Italy 
under (a) or (b) above must:
(i)
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Italy 
in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as 
amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the “Banking 
Act”); and 
(ii)
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of 
Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and 
the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian 
authority.
France
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, any Instruments in France to, and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute 
or cause to be distributed in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material 
relating to the Instruments to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.
Hong Kong
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that:
(i)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Instruments 
other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong 
Kong (the “SFO”) and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) 
Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an offer to the public 
within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and
(ii)
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession 
for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document 
relating to the Instruments, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, 
the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with

--- Page 155 ---
155
respect to Instruments which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only 
to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO.
Canada
The Instruments may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the 
Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Instruments must be made in 
accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable 
securities laws.
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any supplement or amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the 
time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory.  The purchaser should refer 
to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of 
these rights or consult with a legal advisor.
General
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offering of any of the Instruments or possession or 
distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms in any country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be
required to represent and agree, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, it has complied and will comply with 
all applicable securities laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, 
sells or delivers Instruments or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any 
related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in 
each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Instruments or possess, distribute 
or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense.
The Dealership Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) after the date 
hereof in applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the 
Dealers described in the paragraph above.

--- Page 156 ---
156
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS
Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions 
for completing the Final Terms.
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Instruments is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Instruments to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Instruments (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]
[EU PRIIPs Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Instruments
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of
MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “EU PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the
Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Instruments is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
[European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Instruments to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Instruments (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK PRIIPs Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Instruments 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
[(“EUWA”)]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of
Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Instruments 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the

--- Page 157 ---
157
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 
2018”), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Instruments to be [capital markets products other 
than] prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [Excluded]/
[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products).]1
[Amounts payable under the Instruments may be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark (as this term is
[defined in the Benchmark Regulation)] which is provided by [legal name of the benchmark administrator]. As 
at the date of this Final Terms, [legal name of the benchmark administrator] [appears / does not appear] on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (“EU BMR”).]
Final Terms dated [  ]
Banco Santander, S.A.
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Instruments]
under the €25,000,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Debt Instruments
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
“Terms and Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 15 March 2021 [and the Supplement[s] to the 
Base Prospectus dated [  ]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Instruments described herein for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]]2
in order to obtain all the relevant information. [The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at the head office of the Issuer (being Ciudad Grupo Santander, 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n, 28660 Boadilla del Monte, Madrid, Spain), the offices of the Issue and Paying Agent, 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch at One Canada Square, London E14 5AL and at the offices of 
each Paying Agent and copies may be obtained from the addresses specified above. The Base Prospectus has 
been published on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie).]]
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date.)
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
“Terms and Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [16 March 2020][12 March 2019][8 March 
2018][6 March 2017, and the Supplement to it dated 7 July 2017] which [is/are] incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus dated 15 March 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Instruments 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 15 March 2021 [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [  ]], which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”) in order 
to obtain all the relevant information, save in respect of the Terms and Conditions which are extracted from the 
Base Prospectus dated [16 March 2020][12 March 2019][8 March 2018][6 March 2017, and the Supplement to 
it dated 7 July 2017]. The Base Prospectus has been published on the websites of the Issuer 
(www.santander.com) and Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie).]
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.
1
Issuer: 
Banco Santander, S.A.
2
(i) 
Series Number:
[  ]
                                                       
1
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Instruments do not constitute prescribed capital markets products as defined under 
the CMP Regulations 2018.
2
[In the case of listing the Instruments on an unregulated market or unlisted Instruments, this language will be removed.]

--- Page 158 ---
158
[(ii)]
Tranche Number: 
[  ]
[(If fungible with an existing 
Series, details of that Series, 
including the date on which the 
Instruments become fungible).]
3
Specified Currency:
[  ]
4
Aggregate Principal Amount:
[  ]
[(i)
Series: 
[  ]
(ii)
Tranche: 
[  ]]
5
Issue Price:
[  ] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [date] (if applicable)] / [  ] per cent. per Instrument of [  
] Specified Denomination
6
Specified Denominations:
[  ]
7
Calculation Amount:
[the Specified Denomination]
8
(i)
Issue Date:
[  ] 
(ii)
Interest 
Commencement 
Date:
[  ] [Issue Date]
(iii)
Trade Date
[  ]
9
Maturity Date:
[Date or (for Floating Rate — Instruments) Interest Payment Date 
falling in the relevant month and year]
10
Interest Basis:
[[  ] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[Reset Instruments]
[Floating Rate: [difference between] [LIBOR] [and] [EURIBOR] 
[and] [SONIA] [and] [SOFR] [and] [insert Floating Rate Option] 
[+/-] [multiplied by] [  ] per cent.]
[Zero Coupon]
[CMS-Linked: [constant maturity swap rate appearing on the 
Relevant Screen Page] +/- [  ] per cent.]
11
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Redemption at par] 
[Instalment]
12
Put/Call Options:
[Not Applicable]
[Call Option]
[Put Option]
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13
[(i)]
Status of the 
Instruments:
[Ordinary Senior Instruments/ Senior Non Preferred Instruments/ 
Subordinated Instruments-Senior Subordinated 
Instruments/Subordinated Instruments-Tier 2 Subordinated 
Instruments]
[The Subordinated Instruments-Tier 2 Subordinated Instruments are 
intended to constitute Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer]
[(ii)]
Ordinary Senior 
Instruments – Events 
of Default
[Conditions 6.01 and 6.02 are [not] applicable]
[[(iii)]
[Date [Executive 
Committee]

--- Page 159 ---
159
approval for 
issuance of 
Instruments 
obtained:
14
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
15
Fixed Rate Instrument 
Provisions 
[Applicable/ Applicable (in respect of period from (and including) [  
] to (but excluding ([  ])/Not Applicable] (If applicable, Condition 
4A of the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments will apply)
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[  ] per cent. per annum [for the [  ] Interest Period][repeat 
information if necessary]
[  ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-annually/ 
quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
(ii)
Interest Payment 
Date(s):
[  ] [in each year] [adjusted in accordance with [Business Day 
Convention]] 
(iii)
Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]:
[  ] per [  ] Specified Denomination [for the [  ] Interest Period] 
[repeat information if necessary]
(iv)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]
[30E/360]/ [EuroBond Basis]
[Actual/Actual]/ [Actual/Actual (ISDA)]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)][
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
[Actual/360]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[(v)
Determination 
Dates:
[  ] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon).
(N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))
(vi)
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate 
of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount (if 
not the [Issue and 
Paying Agent])
[  ]
(vii)
Step Up Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
— Step Up Margin:
[  ] per cent.
16
Reset Instrument Provisions
[Applicable/Applicable (in respect of period from (and including) [  
] to (but excluding ([  ])/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, Condition 4B of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Instruments will apply) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Initial Rate of 
Interest:
[  ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-annually/ 
quarterly/monthly] in arrear]
(ii)
First Margin:
[+/-][  ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 160 ---
160
(iii)
Subsequent Margin:
[[+/-][  ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable]
(iv)
Interest Payment 
Date(s):
[  ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [Business Day 
Convention]/[not adjusted].
(v)
Fixed Coupon 
Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First 
Reset Date:
[  ] per [  ] specified denomination [for the [ ] Interest Period] 
[repeat information if necessary]
(vi)
First Reset Date:
[  ] [adjusted in accordance with [Business Day Convention]/[not 
adjusted].
(vii)
Second Reset Date:
[  ]/[Not Applicable] [adjusted in accordance with [Business Day 
Convention]/[not adjusted].
(viii)
Subsequent Reset 
Date(s):
[  ] [and [  ]] [adjusted in accordance with [Business Day 
Convention]/[not adjusted].
(ix)
Reset Reference 
Rate:
[Mid-Swap Rate/Sterling Reference Bond Rate/Non-
Sterling Reference Bond Rate/U.S. Treasury Rate]
(x)
Initial Reference 
Rate:
[[•]/Not Applicable]
(xi)
Reset Determination 
Time:
[•]
(xii)
Relevant Screen 
Page:
[  ]
(xiii)
Mid-Swap Rate:
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate]
(xiv)
Mid-Swap Maturity:
[  ]
(xv)
Fixed Leg Swap 
Duration:
[  ]
(xvi)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]
[30E/360]/ [EuroBond Basis]
[Actual/Actual]/ [Actual/Actual (ISDA)]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
[Actual/360]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
(xvii)
[Determination 
Dates:
[  ] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon).
(xviii)
Reset Business 
Centre:
[  ]
(xix)
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate 
of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount (if 
not the [Issue and 
Paying Agent])
(xx)
Step Up Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
— Step Up Margin:
[  ] per cent.
17
Floating Rate and CMS-
Linked Instrument Provisions
[Applicable/ Applicable (in respect of period from (and including) [  
] to (but excluding ([  ])/Not Applicable]

--- Page 161 ---
161
(If applicable, Condition 4C of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Instruments will apply)
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Interest Payment 
Date(s):
[  ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [Business Day 
Convention]
(ii)
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be 
determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]
(iii)
Party responsible for 
calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not 
the [Issue and 
Paying Agent]):
[  ]
(iv)
Margin Plus Rate:
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]
(v)
Specified Percentage 
Multiplied by Rate:
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]
(vi)
Difference in Rates:
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]
— Rate 1:
[Screen Rate Determination] [ISDA Determination]
— Rate 2:
[Screen Rate Determination] [ISDA Determination]
(vii)
Screen Rate 
Determination
— Reference Rate:
[LIBOR][EURIBOR][SONIA][SOFR][constant maturity swap rate]
— Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[  ]
[[ ] London Banking Days prior to each Interest Payment Date]
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA)
[[ ] U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date]
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR)
— Relevant Screen 
Page:
[ ]
[Other examples: Reuters LIBOR 01/ EURIBOR 01]
(i)
[Calculatio
n Method:
Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA: [SONIA Compounded 
Daily]/[SONIA Index Compounded Daily]/[SONIA Weighted 
Average]]
[Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR: [SOFR Arithmetic
Mean]/[SOFR Compound: [SOFR Compound with
Lookback]/[SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift]/
]/[SOFR Compound with Payment Delay]/[SOFR Index with 
Observation Shift]]]
(ii)
Observation 
Method:
[Include where the Calculation Method is SONIA Compounded 
Daily: [Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Shift]]
(iii)
p:
[[specify] [London Banking Days]/[U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days]/[As per the Conditions]/[Not applicable]]

--- Page 162 ---
162
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA or SOFR (where the 
Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: SOFR Compound with 
Lookback))
(iv)
[Observatio
n Shift 
Days:
[[specify] U.S. Government Securities Business Days]/[As per the 
Conditions]/[Not applicable]]
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR and the Calculation 
Method is SOFR Compound: SOFR with Observation Period Shift 
or SOFR Index with Observation Shift)
(v)
Interest 
Payment 
Delay:
[Not Applicable / [ ] U.S. Government Securities Business Day(s)]]
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR)
(vi)
Interest 
Period End 
Dates:
[specify] [The Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period] [Not 
Applicable]
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA and the Observation 
Method is “Shift” or SOFR and the Calculation Method is 
Compound with Payment Delay)
(vii)
[SOFR Cut-
Off Date:
[As per Conditions]/[[specify] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/[ Not applicable]]
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR. Must apply where the 
Calculation Method is SOFR Arithmetic Mean)
(viii)
[SOFR 
Replaceme
nt
Alternatives 
Priority:
[As per Conditions]/[specify order of priority of SOFR Replacement 
Alternatives listed in Condition 4C.05(D).]]
— Relevant Time:
[ ]/[Not applicable] 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time]
(viii)
ISDA 
Determination:
— Floating Rate 
Option:
[  ]
— Designated 
Maturity:
[  ]
— Reset Date:
[  ]
[— ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]
(ix)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [  ] per cent. per annum
(x)
Minimum Rate of 
Interest:
[  ] per cent. per annum
(xi)
Maximum Rate of 
Interest:
[  ] per cent. per annum
(xii)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]
[30E/360]/ [EuroBond Basis]
[Actual/Actual]/ [Actual/Actual (ISDA)]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
[Actual/360]

--- Page 163 ---
163
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
(xiii)
Specified 
Percentage:
[  ] per cent.
(xiv)
Constant maturity 
swap rate:
[  ]
(xv)
Step Up Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
— Step Up Margin:
[  ] per cent.
18
Zero Coupon Instrument 
Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If applicable, Condition 4D of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Instruments will apply)
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Amortisation Yield:
[  ] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Day Count Fraction 
relating to Early 
Redemption 
Amounts:
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]
[30E/360]/ [EuroBond Basis]
[Actual/Actual]/ [Actual/Actual (ISDA)]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
[Actual/360]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
19
Call Option:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(The clearing systems require a minimum of 5 business days' notice 
if such an option is to be exercised)
(i)
Early Redemption 
Amount (Call) of 
each Instrument:
[  ] per Instrument of [  ] specified denomination
(iii)
Notice period
[  ] days 
(iv)
Early Redemption 
Date(s):
[  ] 
20
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Early Redemption 
Date(s):
[  ] 
(ii)
Early Redemption 
Amount (Put) of 
each Instrument:
[  ] per Instrument of [  ] specified denomination 
(iii)
Notice period
[  ] 
21
Maturity Redemption Amount 
of each Instrument
[[  ] per Instrument of [  ] Specified Denomination] 
22
Early Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount (Tax), Early Redemption Amount (Capital 
Disqualification Event) and Early Redemption Amount (TLAC/MREL Disqualification Event)
TLAC/MREL Disqualification 
Event
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 164 ---
164
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Instrument payable on 
redemption for (1) taxation 
reasons, [(2) on a Capital 
Disqualification Event], [(3) 
on a TLAC/MREL 
Disqualification Event] or (4) 
on event of default:
[  ]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE INSTRUMENTS
23
Form of Instruments: 
Bearer Instruments:
[Temporary Global Instrument exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Instrument which is exchangeable for Definitive Instruments on [  ] 
days' notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Instrument] 
[Temporary Global Instrument exchangeable for Definitive 
Instruments] 
[Permanent Global Instrument exchangeable for Definitive 
Instruments on [  ] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Instrument] 
[Instruments shall not be physically delivered in Belgium,
except to a clearing system, a depository or other
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian law of 14th
December, 20053]
Registered Instruments:
[Global Registered Instrument exchangeable for Individual 
Certificates in the limited circumstances specified in the Global 
Registered Instrument]
[Global Registered Instrument (US$/€[ ] nominal amount) registered 
in the name of a nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the 
NSS)]]
[Individual Certificates]
24
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No]
25
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to 
Definitive Instruments (and 
dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes] [No] [  ]
26
Relevant Financial Centre:
[  ]
27
Relevant Financial Centre 
Day: 
[  ]
28
Amount of each instalment 
(Instalment Amount), date on 
which each payment is to be 
made (Instalment Date):
[Not Applicable] [  ]
29
Commissioner: 
[  ]
                                                       
3
Include for Instruments that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 165 ---
165
30
Waiver of Set-off:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
31
Substitution and Variation:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
32
Governing law
[English law/Spanish law]
DISTRIBUTION
33
If syndicated, names of 
Managers:
[Not Applicable] [  ]
34
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer/Manager:
[Not Applicable] / [  ]
35
Stabilisation Manager(s):
[Not Applicable] [  ]
36
US Selling Restrictions: 
(Categories of potential 
investors to which the 
Instruments are offered)
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not 
applicable]
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [source]. The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]
CONFIRMED
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. 
By:
Authorised Signatory 
Date

--- Page 166 ---
166
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Instruments to be listed on [the Official List 
of Euronext Dublin]/[any other regulated market]4/[any unregulated market]/[any other listing authority] [any 
other stock exchange] [any other quotation system] and application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Instruments to be admitted to trading on [the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin] [any 
other regulated market] [any other unregulated market] [any other listing authority] [any other stock 
exchange] [any other quotation system] with effect from [ ].]5 [Not Applicable.]
Estimate of total expenses related to admissions to trading: [●]
(Where documenting a fungible issue, indicate that the original Instruments are already admitted to trading.)
2
[RATINGS
The Instruments to be issued have been rated:
[S&P:[ ]]
[Moody's: [ ]]
[Fitch: [ ]]
[[Other]: [ ]]
[These credit ratings have been issued by [S&P Global Ratings Limited], [Moody's Investor Services España, 
S.A.] [and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited] [other].
Each of [S&P Global Ratings Limited], [Moody's Investor Services España, S.A.] [,][and] [Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited] [and] [Specify Other] is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). As such each of [S&P Global Ratings Limited], 
[Moody's Investor Services España, S.A.] [,][and] [Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited] [and] [Specify Other] is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation.
[A 
list 
of 
rating 
agencies 
registered 
under 
the 
CRA 
Regulation 
can 
be 
found 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registerd-and-certified-CRAs.]
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating agency entity] is not established in the European Union and 
is not registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). 
[Insert the legal name of relevant credit rating agency entity] is therefore not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Market Authority on its website in accordance with such 
Regulation.]6
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider)
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Instruments of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)
                                                       
4
[In the case of listing the Instruments on an unregulated market, this language and any references to the Prospectus Regulation will be 
removed.]
5
[In the case of unlisted Instruments, this language and any references to the Prospectus Regulation will be removed.]
6
[For Instruments that receive ratings only.]

--- Page 167 ---
167
3
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER]
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement 
below.)
[Save as discussed in paragraph 5.4 (Placing and Underwriting) of the Base Prospectus for any fees payable to 
the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Instruments has an 
interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests)]
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]
4
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
[Reasons for the offer:
(Use of proceeds if other than for general funding purposes of the 
Group.) The Instruments are specified as being [“Green 
Bonds”][“Social Bonds”][“Sustainable Bonds”] and the net 
proceeds from the issuance of the Instruments will be used as 
described in “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus.]
Estimated net proceeds:
[●]
5
[Fixed Rate Instruments only— YIELD
Indication of yield:
[  ]
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.]]
7
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN:
[   ]
Common Code:
[   ]
CUSIP number:
[   ]
WKN:
[   ] [Not applicable]
Any other clearing system other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. and the relevant identification 
numbers:
[Clearstream Banking AG] [  ]
[Not applicable]
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[   ]
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Instruments are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,] [include this text for registered Instruments] and 
does not necessarily mean that the Instruments will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such

--- Page 168 ---
168
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.][if “yes” selected 
and the Instruments are deposited with an ICSD, the 
Instruments must be issued in NGN form]
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Instruments are capable of 
meeting them the Instruments may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered Instruments]. Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the Instruments will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]

--- Page 169 ---
169
GENERAL INFORMATION
Application for Listing
1.
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for the Instruments issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the Official List and for such Instruments to be admitted to trading on Euronext 
Dublin's regulated market.
Authorisation
2.
The update of the Programme was authorised by means of the resolutions adopted by the executive committee 
of the Issuer on 8 March 2021. 
3.
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
connection with the issue and performance of the Instruments, including the resolutions adopted by (i) the 
general shareholders' meeting of the Issuer on 3 April 2020, (ii) the board of directors of the Issuer on 3 April 
2020 and (iii) the executive committee of the Issuer on 8 March 2021.
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings
4.
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which Banco Santander is aware) which may have, or have had in the previous twelve months, 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.
Significant/Material Change
5.
Since 31 December 2020 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group, 
nor any significant change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group.
Auditors
6.
The standalone and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2020
and 31 December 2019 were audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L., the Group's current 
independent auditors. PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores S.L is registered under number S0242 in the Official 
Register of Auditors (Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas) and is a member of the Instituto de Censores 
Jurados de Cuentas de España. The registered office of PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores S.L is Torre PwC, 
Paseo de la Castellana 259 B, 28046, Madrid, Spain. 
Documents on Display
7.
For so long as any of the Instruments are outstanding, the following documents may be inspected free of charge 
by physical or electronic means at the registered office of the Issuer, at the offices of each of the Issue and Paying 
Agent and of the Paying Agents specified at the end of this Base Prospectus:
(i)
the by-laws (estatutos) of the Issuer, as the same may be updated from time to time; and
(ii)
the information incorporated by reference herein under “Documents Incorporated by Reference”.
8.
The documents listed in (i) and (ii) above shall be published in electronic form (pdf copies) on the website of 
Banco Santander (www.santander.com). Each of the Final Terms shall be published in electronic form (pdf 
copies) on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie). 
Address of the member of the Board of Directors
9.
For this sole purpose, the business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors is: Ciudad Grupo 
Santander, Avenida de Cantabria s/n, 28660 Boadilla del Monte, Madrid.

--- Page 170 ---
170
Registration Number and Incorporation information
10. The Issuer was incorporated on 3 March 1856 and it is registered in the Mercantile Registry of Cantabria in book 
83, folio 1, sheet 9, entry 5519.
Conflicts of interest
11. There are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between the duties to Banco Santander of any of its directors 
and their respective private interests and/or other duties.
Material Contracts
12. No contracts had been entered into that were not in the ordinary course of business of the Issuer and which could 
result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability 
to meet its obligations to the Holders.
Third Party Information
13. Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published 
by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used.
Clearing of the Instruments
14. The Instruments have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), CUSIP number and/or 
(where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system in relation to the Instruments 
of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other 
clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Instruments for clearance together with any further 
appropriate information.
15. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any alternative 
clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Issue Price and Yield
16. Instruments may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Instruments to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Instruments or the method of determining the 
price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. In case of different Tranches 
of a Series of Instruments, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest 
commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, 
if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment in respect of the Series) to the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche.
The yield of each Tranche of Instruments set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant 
issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future yield.
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to the Instruments.
Dealers transacting with the Issuer
17. Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and 
their respective affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account

--- Page 171 ---
171
and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their respective affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary 
risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Instruments issued under the Programme. Any such short 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Instruments issued under the Programme. The Dealers 
and their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 172 ---
172
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER
Banco Santander, S.A.
Paseo de Pereda 9-12
39004 Santander
Spain
HEAD OFFICE OF THE ISSUER
Banco Santander, S.A.
Ciudad Grupo Santander
Avda. de Cantabria s/n
28660 Boadilla del Monte
Madrid
Spain
ARRANGERS
Banco Santander, S.A.
Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena
Edificio Magdalena, Planta 1
28027 Madrid
Spain
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
One Molesworth Street
Dublin 2
D02 RF29
Ireland
DEALERS
BNP Paribas
16 boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France
BofA Securities Europe SA
51 rue La Boétie
75008 Paris
France
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Reuterweg 16
60323 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz)
60311 Frankfurt am Main
Federal Republic of Germany
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
12, Place des Etats-Unis
CS 70052
92547 Montrouge Cedex
France
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores, S.A.
Calle de Ayala, 42
28001 Madrid
Spain
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE
Marienturm
Taunusanalage 9-10
60310 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
HSBC Continental Europe
38 avenue Kléber
75116 Paris
France
J.P. Morgan AG
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)
60310 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH
Taunustor 1
60310 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Morgan Stanley Europe SE
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main
Germany
Natixis
30 avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris
France
NatWest Markets N.V.
Claude Debussylaan 94
Amsterdam 1082 MD
The Netherlands
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH
Rathenauplatz 1
60313 Frankfurt-am-Main
Germany
Société Générale
29 boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France

--- Page 173 ---
173
UBS Europe SE
Bockenheimer Landstraβe 2-4,
60306 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
UniCredit Bank AG
Arabellastrasse 12
D-81925 Munich
Germany
Wells Fargo Securities Europe S.A.
1-5 rue Paul Cézanne
75008 Paris
France
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L.
Torre PwC
Paseo de la Castellana, 259 B
28046 Madrid
Spain
ISSUE AND PAYING AGENT
REGISTRAR
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch
One Canada Square
London E14 5AL
United Kingdom
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch
Vertigo Building – Polaris
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert
L-2453 Luxembourg
IRISH LISTING AGENT
A&L Listing Limited
International Financial Services Centre
North Wall Quay
Dublin 1
Ireland
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER
LEGAL ADVISER TO THE DEALERS
As to English law and Spanish Law
Allen & Overy
Serrano 73
28006 Madrid
Spain
As to English law and Spanish Law
Linklaters, S.L.P.
Almagro, 40
28010 Madrid
Spain