--- Page 1 ---
- i - 
 
 
 
BANK GOSPODARSTWA KRAJOWEGO 
(state bank incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Poland) 
Guaranteed, in respect of Guaranteed Notes (as defined herein) only, by 
The State Treasury of the Republic of Poland 
€15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for notes (the "Notes") issued under the 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Offering Circular to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. This Offering Circular constitutes a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Luxembourg law on prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019. The Offering Circular 
can only be used for purposes for which it has been published. 
This Offering Circular has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the "CSSF"), which is the Luxembourg competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the "Prospectus Regulation"), as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation 
for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of in respect of Notes that are not specified 
in the relevant Final Terms to have the benefit of a Guarantee of the Notes (as defined below) issued under 
the Programme during the period of twelve months after the date hereof. The CSSF has neither reviewed 
nor approved any information contained in this Offering Circular relating to the Notes that are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms to have the benefit of a Guarantee of the Notes (as defined below). The CSSF has 
only approved this Offering Circular as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this 
Offering Circular. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such 
Notes. This Offering Circular is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval and shall 
expire on 23 December 2022, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a 
material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including incorporated by reference) in this 
Offering Circular which may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Offering Circular will 
expire and the obligation to supplement this Offering Circular in the event of significant new factors, 
material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. Applications have been made for such 
Notes to be admitted during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the official list 
and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock. The regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial 
instruments (as amended). 
This Offering Circular does not constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation in respect of Notes that are specified in the relevant Final Terms to have the benefit of a 
Guarantee of the Notes (as defined below) (the "Guaranteed Notes"). This Offering Circular constitutes a 
prospectus for the purpose of Part III, chapter 2 of the Luxemborug law on prospectuses for securities dated 
16 July 2019 in respect of the Guaranteed Notes. Each Tranche of Guaranteed Notes will have the benefit 
of a guarantee (the "Guarantee of the Notes") provided by the State Treasury of the Republic of Poland 
(the "Guarantor"). Each Tranche of Guaranteed Notes is subject to a separate Guarantee, substantially in 
the form set out in this Offering Circular, although each Guarantee of the Notes will need to be authorised 
and/or approved by the State Treasury of the Republic of Poland on an issue by issue basis. Each Guarantee 
of the Notes will be limited to 140 per cent. of the principal value of the relevant Tranche of Guaranteed 
Notes. Each Guarantee of the Notes will cover only the payment of the principal value of the Guaranteed 
Notes and accrued interest. A Guarantee of the Notes will not cover any default interest under such Notes 
or the Issuer's liability under related indemnities, including the currency indemnity. Additionally, the period 
of the effectiveness of each Guarantee of the Notes will be limited such that each Guarantee of the Notes

--- Page 2 ---
- ii- 
 
 
will expire on the day falling six months after the Maturity Date of the Guaranteed Notes. A claim brought 
by a Noteholder after the expiration of the relevant Guarantee of the Notes will not be satisfied under that 
Guarantee of the Notes.  
Notes other than Guaranteed Notes will not have the benefit of any Guarantee of the Notes. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other 
or further stock exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer (as defined herein) and the 
relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any 
market.  
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a temporary 
global note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note") or a permanent global note in bearer form (the 
"Permanent Global Note") in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global 
Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be 
issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which 
is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Tranche of Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") will initially be 
represented by a global registered note (the "Global Registered Notes") and will either be: (a) in the case 
of a Note which is not to be held under the new safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or 
"NSS"), registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant 
Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global 
Notes for other Global Notes and Definitive Notes are described in "Summary of Provisions Relating to the 
Notes while in Global Form". 
Arranger 
 
ING 
 
Dealers 
BANK PEKAO S.A. 
BNP PARIBAS 
CITIGROUP 
COMMERZBANK 
DEUTSCHE BANK  
HSBC 
ING 
J.P. MORGAN 
SANTANDER 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE  
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
 
23 December 2021

--- Page 3 ---
255775-4-41-v1.3 
- 1 - 
70-40749989 
 
CONTENTS 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................. 2 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 5 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 10 
ENFORCEABILITY OF JUDGMENTS ................................................................................................... 25 
STABILISATION ...................................................................................................................................... 26 
RATINGS ................................................................................................................................................... 27 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 29 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 33 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 40 
FORM OF GUARANTEE OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................. 69 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 76 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 77 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............... 89 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER AND OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP'S 
FINANCIAL CONDITION ....................................................................................................................... 91 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER............................................................................................................. 95 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR ............................................................................................... 127 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 128 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 135 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 140

--- Page 4 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego (the "Issuer" or "BGK") accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Offering Circular and any Final Terms and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the 
information contained in this Offering Circular is, in accordance with the facts and the Offering Circular 
makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
This Offering Circular should be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto 
and with any other documents incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined 
herein) of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms (as defined herein).  
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Offering 
Circular (including for this purpose, the relevant Final Terms) contains all information which is (in the 
context of the Programme or the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material; such information is true 
and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; any opinions, predictions 
or intentions expressed in this Offering Circular are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any 
material respect; this Offering Circular does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such 
information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme or the issue, offering and 
sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and all proper enquiries have been made to 
ascertain or verify the foregoing. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Offering Circular or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates, and 
none of the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty or accepts any 
responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Offering Circular or 
any responsibility for any acts or omissions of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other person in connection 
with the issue and offering of any Notes under the Programme. Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular 
or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any 
implication that the information contained in this Offering Circular is true subsequent to the date hereof or 
the date upon which this Offering Circular has been most recently amended or that there has been no adverse 
change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the condition (financial, economic, 
political or otherwise) of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Offering 
Circular has been most recently amended or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Offering Circular and Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Offering Circular or 
the Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe 
any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and 
on the distribution of this Offering Circular or the Final Terms and other offering material relating to the 
Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") and are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or to U.S. persons. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes may be a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market

--- Page 5 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes other than Guaranteed Notes includes a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes other than Guaranteed Notes includes a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
The amount of interest payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR 
or WIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
administrators of EURIBOR and WIBOR are included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 
36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). 
In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as 
modified and amended from time to time, the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless otherwise specified 
before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes issued under the Programme are "prescribed capital markets 
products" (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Neither this Offering Circular nor the Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Offering Circular or the Final Terms should subscribe for

--- Page 6 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Offering Circular or the Final Terms shall be taken to have 
made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition of the Issuer. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed €15,000,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement)). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
The Issuer confirms, in relation to information in this Offering Circular which was sourced from a third 
party, this information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
In this Offering Circular, unless otherwise specified, references to "U.S.$ ", "U.S. dollars" or "USD" are 
to United States dollars, references to "EUR", "€" or "euro" are to the single currency introduced at the 
start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council 
Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended and references to 
"złoty" or "PLN" are to Polish złoty. Translations of amounts from złoty to U.S. dollars or euro are solely 
for the convenience of the reader and, unless otherwise stated, are made at year end exchange rates. No 
representation is made that złoty, U.S. dollar or euro amounts referred to herein could have been or could 
be converted into U.S. dollar, euro or złoty, as the case may be, at any particular rate at all. The National 
Bank of Poland's foreign exchange rate for U.S. dollars on 22 December 2021 was PLN 4.0984 = USD 1, 
whilst the National Bank of Poland's foreign exchange rate for euro on the same day was PLN 4.6244 = 
EUR 1. 
Unless otherwise stated, all annual information, including budgetary information, is based on calendar 
years.

--- Page 7 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of 
this Offering Circular. Words and expressions defined in "Forms of the Notes" or "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" below shall have the same meanings in this summary. 
Issuer: 
Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego. 
Guarantor:  
In respect of Guaranteed Notes only, The State Treasury of the 
Republic of Poland. 
Arranger: 
ING Bank N.V. 
Dealers: 
Banco Santander S.A., Bank Pekao S.A., BNP Paribas, Citigroup 
Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, ING 
Bank N.V., J.P. Morgan AG, and Société Générale, and any other 
Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of 
Notes. 
Fiscal Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme. 
Listing: 
Each Series may be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and/or admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any other 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or may be unlisted. 
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear and/or, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series 
will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date, the 
issue price and the amount of the first payment of interest may be 
different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche 
will all be subject to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche 
may comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Final Terms: 
Each Tranche will be the subject of the Final Terms which, for the 
purposes of that Tranche only, supplements the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and this Offering Circular and must be read 
in conjunction with this Offering Circular. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as supplemented, amended and/or replaced 
by the relevant Final Terms. 
Forms of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form or in registered form.  
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note which is not 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a "Classic Global 
Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be

--- Page 8 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note 
which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New 
Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for 
Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership will be a condition precedent to any exchange of an 
interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of 
interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance 
with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have 
Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
Each Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note will 
either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the 
new safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or 
"NSS"), registered in the name of a common depositary (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered 
Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
depositary; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common 
safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the 
relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the 
issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to 
such compliance, be made in and/or linked to, any currency or 
currencies other than the currency in which such Notes are 
denominated. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes constitute direct, general and unconditional obligations of 
the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves 
and at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured 
(subject to Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application. 
Guarantee: 
Each Tranche of Guaranteed Notes is subject to a separate Guarantee 
of the Notes, substantially in the form set out in this Offering 
Circular. See "Risk Factors – Risks related to any Guarantee of the 
Notes" below.  
Notes other than Guaranteed Notes will not have the benefit of any 
Guarantee of the Notes. 
Each Guarantee of the Notes will be limited to 140 per cent. of the 
principal value of the relevant Tranche of Guaranteed Notes. Each 
Guarantee of the Notes will cover only the payment of the principal 
value of the Guaranteed Notes and accrued interest. A Guarantee of 
the Notes will not cover any default interest under such Guaranteed

--- Page 9 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
Notes or the Issuer's liability under related indemnities, including the 
currency indemnity. Therefore, it is possible that not all Noteholders' 
claims under the Guaranteed Notes will be satisfied by the Guarantor 
in full if these claims fall outside the scope of a Guarantee of the 
Notes. 
Status of the Guarantee: 
In respect of any Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantor will in the 
Guarantee of the Notes unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee 
the due and punctual payment of principal and accrued interest 
payable by the Issuer in respect of the Guaranteed Notes. The 
Guarantee of the Notes will constitute a direct, general and 
unconditional obligation of the Guarantor which will at all times rank 
at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured 
(subject to clause 5 (Negative Pledge) of the relevant Guarantee of 
the Notes) and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, save 
only for any obligation which may be preferred by mandatory 
provisions of applicable law. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity subject, in relation to specific currencies, to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the 
issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
(b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such 
Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other 
circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 
of Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the 
"FSMA") by the Issuer. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption Amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of 
the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders to the 
extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early 
redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons as described in 
Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax 
reasons).  
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to a particular 
Reference Rate where any Interest Rate (or the relevant component 
part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours 
to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, with a view to determining a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Reference Rate and any Adjustment

--- Page 10 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
Spread for purposes of determining the Interest Rate (or the relevant 
component part thereof) applicable to the Notes. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate, then the Issuer may determine 
a Successor Rate, or if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate and any Adjustment Spread, as further described in 
Condition 7(j). 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method of 
calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity 
date of the relevant Series. 
Denominations: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements, and save 
that the minimum denomination of each Note (other than Guaranteed 
Notes) admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances 
which would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under 
the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency). 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in 
Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). Each Guarantee of the Notes will 
have the benefit of a negative pledge, see "Form of Guarantee of the 
Notes" below. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes and (if the Notes are Guaranteed 
Notes) Guarantee of the Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding taxes of the Republic of Poland, unless the withholding 
is required by law. In that event, the Issuer and (if applicable) 
Guarantor will (subject as provided in Condition 12 (Taxation)) pay 
such additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving 
such amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes 
had no such withholding been required. 
Redenomination: 
In respect of any Tranche of Notes, if the country of the Specified 
Currency becomes or, announces its intention to become, a 
Participating Member State, the Notes may be redenominated in euro 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
22 
(Redenomination, 
Renominalisation and Reconventioning) if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Governing Law: 
English law. 
Enforcement of Notes in 
Global Form: 
In the case of Global Notes, investors' rights against the Issuer will 
be supported by a deed of covenant dated 23 December 2021, a copy 
of which will be available for inspection at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United 
States of America, the EEA, the United Kingdom, the Republic of 
Poland, Japan, Singapore and Switzerland, see "Subscription and 
Sale" below.

--- Page 11 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
Guaranteed Notes are expected to be sold pursuant to Regulation S 
Category 1 and Notes other than Guaranteed Notes are expected to 
be sold pursuant to Regulation S Category 2 as further described in 
"Subscription and Sale – Unites States of America" below.

--- Page 12 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should read the entire Offering Circular. Words and expressions defined in the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Offering Circular have the same meanings 
in this section. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prospective investors should 
consider, among other things, the following factors. 
The risk factors described below are the risks the Issuer considers to be material for the taking of an 
informed investment decision in respect of the Notes based on the probability of their occurrence and the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact. Additional risks and uncertainties, currently not known to the 
Issuer, may also arise or become more material after the date of this Offering Circular which could also 
have a material impact on the Issuer’s business operations in the future. 
Risks related to the Issuer and the Group 
Risks relating to BGK's business activity and industry 
Deterioration in Poland's economic conditions could affect the Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations 
BGK and its consolidated subsidiaries (together the "Group") conduct theirs operations in Poland. As a 
result, the macroeconomic situation in Poland has a material impact on the business, financial condition 
and result of operations of the Group. 
The economic situation in Poland depends on a number of factors, including measures by which a 
government attempts to influence the economy, such as setting levels of taxation, government budgets, the 
decisions of the National Bank of Poland, the money supply and interest rates as well as the labour market, 
the demographic situation in the country, macroeconomic conditions in the world and in Europe and inflow 
of funds from the European Union. The timing of disbursements of funds from the European Union and the 
amount of funds actually disbursed is uncertain and may depend on the outcome of ongoing legal 
proceedings and political discussions between the European Union and Poland. 
The main factors expected to impact the Polish economy in the short term relate to the COVID-19 pandemic 
and measures undertaken by Polish officials in an attempt to constrain the spread of the disease (described 
in detail in the risk factor entitled “COVID-19 outbreak could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, results of operations and financial position” below). It is expected that the current situation may 
have a negative impact on, among other things, production, consumption and export measure rates, the 
good standing and liquidity of individuals and entreprises, the labour market and economic activity in 
general which may consequently result in an economic slowdown or even a recession. 
A potential prolonged economic slowdown or a recession in Poland could affect the Group's operations. 
Fluctuations in the financial markets (including the currency market), may adversely affect the financial 
conditions of the Group's customers, which could, in turn, impair the quality and volume of the Group's 
loans and advances portfolio and other financial assets and result in decreased demand for the Group's 
products. In addition, in unstable market conditions, the value of assets securing loans already granted or 
to be granted by the Group, including real estate, may decline significantly. 
Any deterioration of the economic, business, political and social conditions in Poland may have a material 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition and operations of the Group. 
COVID-19 outbreak could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations 
and financial position

--- Page 13 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
A novel strain of coronavirus causing a COVID-19 disease ("COVID-19"), identified in China in late 2019, 
has spread throughout the world. On 11 March 2020, the World Health Organization confirmed that its 
spread and severity had escalated to the point of pandemic. The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in 
authorities, including those in Poland, implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as 
travel bans and restrictions, curfews, lockdowns, quarantines and shutdowns of business and workplaces, 
and has led to materially increased volatility and declines in financial markets and significant worsening of 
the macroeconomic outlook. The duration of such restrictions is highly uncertain, but could be prolonged, 
and even stricter measures may be put in place. 
The spread of COVID-19 has led the Group to modify its operational practices, and it may take further 
actions required by authorities or that it determines are in the best interests of its employees, customers and 
other stakeholders. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by 
COVID-19, and the implementation of such measures (or their insufficiency) could affect the Group's 
ability to perform some of its functions and serve its customers. The pandemic and related counter-measures 
have affected and continue to affect some of the Group's customers adversely, which in some cases may be 
material, which could in turn have an adverse impact on the Group (for example, through deteriorations in 
credit quality and higher impairments). Schemes have been initiated to provide financial support to parts of 
the economy most impacted by the COVID-19 outbreak. For example, the Polish Banks Association 
introduced a non-legislative payment relief initiative coordinated between institutions within the banking 
industry, including the Issuer, in cooperation with public authorities. The Issuer has also adopted guidelines 
prescribed by the Polish Financial Supervision Authority (Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego, the "KNF") and 
the European Banking Authority regarding the classification and assessment of exposures in the light of the 
COVID-19 crisis in respect of its lending process. At this stage it is not certain what the impact of these 
schemes will be on the Polish economy and the Group. 
The full economic impact of COVID-19 is outside of the Group's control and will depend on the spread of 
the virus and the response of the local authorities and the global community. COVID-19 had a negative 
impact on the Group’s financial results for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. The Group’s profit 
decreased by PLN 23,6 million (6.1 per cent.) as compared to the Group’s profit for the financial year ended 
31 December 2019. The decrease in profit was caused mainly by the increase in net impairment losses and 
provisions, which increased by PLN 153,5 million (66.3 per cent.) as compared to the financial year ended 
31 December 2019. The degree to which COVID-19 impacts the Group's results of operations, liquidity, 
access to funding and financial position will depend on future developments, which, as at the date of this 
Offering Circular, are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. These developments may include, but are 
not limited to, the duration and spread of COVID-19, its severity, actions taken to contain the virus or treat 
its impact, the extent and effectiveness of economic stimulus taken to contain the virus or treat its impact 
and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and business activity can resume. 
The Group is controlled by the State Treasury of the Republic of Poland 
The provisions of the Act dated 14 March 2003 on Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego and the Regulation of 
the Minister of Development dated 16 September 2016 on the Adoption of the Statute of Bank 
Gospodarstwa Krajowego, under which the Issuer operates, give the State Treasury full corporate control 
over the Issuer. Therefore, the State Treasury may exercise significant influence over BGK’s operations. 
Accordingly, the Issuer may be exposed to the effect of political uncertainty and potential changes and 
disruption at a govermental level, which could have an adverse effect on the development and 
implementation of the Issuer’s strategy, as well as its day-to-day operations. Additionally, the decisions 
taken by the State Treasury towards the Issuer may conflict with the interests of holders of Notes issued by 
the Issuer under the Programme. As a consequence, the decisions of the State Treasury may adversely affect 
the operations of the Group. 
Risks relating to the Group's financial situation

--- Page 14 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
Material increases in the Group's impairment provisions on loans and advances may have an adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations 
In connection with its credit operations, the Group regularly writes down impaired assets and records 
impairment provisions in the profit and loss account of the Group. The total value of the Group's expected 
credit losses depends on the volume and type of borrowing activity, standards applied in the banking 
industry and is calculated based on the three-stage expected credit losses model, reflecting the change in 
the level of risk that occurred since an exposure was recognised, including losses experienced by the Group 
adjusted by expected forward-looking information, expectations on defaults in loan payments, the economic 
situation and other factors connected with the repayment of various loans. It also depends on the risk model 
applied by the Group, which may prove to be incorrect and result in an incorrect assessment by the Group 
of the risk associated with its loan portfolios.  
Although BGK's Management Board uses its best efforts to establish an appropriate amount of expected 
credit losses on loans and advances, that determination is subject to the evaluation of credit risk and may 
be affected by numerous factors, including uncertainties relating to the current macroeconomic 
environment. The Issuer monitors the exposures of customers comprising its loan portfolio on an ongoing 
basis, however it is not possible at the moment to determine to what extent the COVID-19 pandemic and 
its economic repercussions will affect the financial standing of these customers. The Group could be 
required to increase its expected credit losses on loans and advances in the future as a result of increases in 
non-performing assets or for other reasons. Any material increase in the expected credit losses on loans and 
advances, any loan losses in excess of the previously determined expected credit losses on loans and 
advances with respect thereto or changes in the estimate of the provision for expected losses on loans and 
advances could have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Moreover, losses relating to credit risk may arise if the risk management policies, procedures and 
assessment methods implemented by the Group to mitigate credit risk and to protect against credit 
exposures prove less effective than expected. The Group employs qualitative tools and metrics for 
managing risk that are based on observed historical market behaviour. These tools and procedures may fail 
to predict future risk exposures, especially in a market characterised by increased volatility and falling 
prices. Given the Group's variety of lending activities, the risk management systems employed by the Group 
may prove insufficient in measuring and managing risks. 
The occurrence of any of the factors mentioned above may have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition, and/or results of operations of the Group. 
The value of the Group's investment and trading portfolios may decrease 
The Group's portfolio of securities comprises debt and equity securities. The quality of the Group's portfolio 
of securities may be affected by macroeconomic factors, the general business environment and 
developments in the financial markets, and by the creditworthiness and financial position of counterparties 
to the Group's transactions. The quality of debt securities held by the Group is dependent upon the ability 
of issuers of the securities to make payments on the securities when due, which in turn may be affected by 
changes in their financial standing. 
As at 31 December 2020, debt instruments issued by the State Treasury and the National Bank of Poland 
accounted for 84.9 per cent. of the Group's debt securities portfolio. A decrease in the price of such 
securities may occur as a result of several factors, in particular: (i) an increased supply of such securities 
by the Polish government due to an increased issue of those securities to finance the budget deficit or an 
increased offer of securities by investors disposing of them; or (ii) increases in domestic interest rates; or 
(iii) a decrease in the credit ratings for Poland's sovereign debt; or (iv) increased political risk and a negative 
perception of Poland by investors. Any decrease in the price of such securities could adversely affect the 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 15 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
The Group’s equity portfolio consists mainly of shares and certificates issued by Polish and foreign 
investment funds in which BGK is the main investor. These funds are managed by professional external 
entities, which means that BGK has no direct influence on the results of these funds. The value of these 
securities may be very volatile due to the market uncertainty and significant operational costs of certain 
investment funds. 
The Group's portfolio includes negotiable financial instruments whose daily valuations depend on certain 
market parameters (such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates, prices of bonds and stocks, stock indices 
values, futures prices, and implied volatilities of options). As these parameters vary continuously according 
to market forces, valuations of the financial instruments also change accordingly, which may adversely 
impact unrealised results of these portfolios, even though certain components of market risk of those 
portfolios are hedged and the trading is carried out within set market risk limits. In addition, market 
movements may also adversely affect realised results of the trading book. Any occurrence of any of these 
factors may have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group has exposure to counterparty credit risk in connection with its banking operations 
The Group is exposed to counterparty risk arising from the potential inability of the Group's counterparties, 
including corporate customers, banks and other financial institutions, to fulfil their obligations under 
transactions and financial instruments entered into with the Group due to a number of factors, including, in 
particular, bankruptcies, a lack of market or individual customer liquidity, economic downturns, adverse 
financial and market movements (eg in interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, 
the implied volatility of foreign exchange options, etc), operational failures and increased economic and 
political uncertainty. A reduction in the ability of the Group's counterparties to fulfil such obligations, or a 
default by, or even concerns about the creditworthiness and financial standing of, one or more of the Group's 
counterparties could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and/or prospects. 
The Group has assets associated with foreign exchange derivatives, which include foreign exchange swaps, 
forwards and options conducted with other banking and non-banking clients. These foreign exchange 
derivatives require the customer to provide collateral if the instrument reaches a prescribed loss level. If 
there are significant changes of the PLN exchange rate against certain foreign currencies, customers who 
purchased foreign exchange derivatives may not be able to provide the required collateral. 
Although the Group actively manages its liquidity requirements and foreign exchange position and hedges 
its exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risks, continued foreign exchange rate volatility of the 
PLN against foreign currencies could increase the pressure on the Group's counterparties and could lead to 
increased defaults of the Group's counterparties and further losses incurred by the Group on its foreign 
exchange derivatives. Such developments could have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition 
and results of operations of the Group. 
Any reduction in the credit rating of BGK and its subsidiaries could increase its cost of funding and 
adversely affect its interest margins 
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which the Group is able to obtain funding. A reduction 
in the Group companies' credit ratings could increase the costs associated with its interbank and capital 
market transactions and could adversely affect the Group's liquidity and competitive position, undermine 
confidence in the Group, increase its borrowing costs and adversely affect its interest margins. Furthermore, 
should the rating of BGK be downgraded below investment grade, this could significantly impair the 
operating business of BGK, the refinancing costs of the Group and BGK's eligibility to act as a counterparty 
to derivative transactions for some market participants. 
Rating agencies' assessments are driven by a number of factors, including franchise value, capitalisation, 
profitability, applicable sovereign ratings, refinancing opportunities and liquidity as well as potential

--- Page 16 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
parental support. Pressure on BGK's credit ratings may arise, for example, in the event of significantly 
weaker capital generation driven by poorer financial performance, a material deterioration of asset quality 
in a less favourable business environment, the downgrade of the rating applicable to Poland. 
A downgrade in the rating of BGK and its subsidiaries could increase the financing costs associated with 
transactions on the interbank market and could adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
The Group may not be able to improve or sustain its current interest rate margins or commissions on 
loans 
The net interest income achieved by the Group depends to a large extent on the levels of the Group's interest-
bearing assets and liabilities and the average interest rates on interest-earning assets and interest-bearing 
liabilities. 
Various factors could affect the Group's ability to maintain credit and deposit margins as well as fees and 
commissions at current levels. These factors include the evolving regulatory environment, court judgments, 
increasing competition in the market, changing demand for fixed and floating interest rate loans, possible 
changes in monetary policy conducted by the Monetary Policy Council, the level of inflation, and changes 
in interest rates (WIBOR and EURIBOR) on interbank markets. 
The Group could suffer decreasing interest rate margins for various reasons, including: 
• 
if market interest rates on floating interest rate loans decline and the Group is unable to offset such 
effect by decreasing the rates payable on deposits; 
• 
if interest rates payable on deposits increase resulting from additional competition among banks 
or other factors beyond the Group's control and the Group is unable to offset such effect by 
increasing the rates on its loans; 
• 
if interbank interest rate level declines below zero and the Group is unable to apply negative 
interest to customer deposits or offset negative margin through fees; 
• 
if increased competition on the market and economic recovery reduce credit spreads; or 
• 
if liquidty surplus placed on securities like bonds issued by the State Treasury or National Bank 
bills brings lower yields due to decreasing interest rate rates. 
The Group's inability to maintain interest rate margins and commissions on loans may result in lower net 
income and could materially adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of 
the Group. 
The Group is exposed to operational risk related to its business activities 
Operational risk accompanies all processes at banks and its consequences can be significant. The Group is 
subject to the risk of incurring losses or unforeseen costs relating to inadequate or failed internal processes, 
human errors, system failures, errors relating to the outsourcing of the performance of certain services to 
external service providers, incorrect information received by BGK in the course of its business, or external 
events. Typical categories of operational loss include: errors made during the execution of operations, 
record-keeping errors, business disruptions (caused by, for example, software or hardware failures and 
communication breakdowns), fraud, cyber-attacks and other security breaches, legal claims over 
transactions or operations and damage to assets. In addition, because some of the Group's business 
transactions are conducted via internet platforms, the Group is exposed to third party attacks on its IT 
systems which could result in financial or reputational loss. The Group utilises a number of IT systems to

--- Page 17 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
conduct its operations. Due to the high complexity of interactions and interdependencies among the Group's 
IT systems, there can be no assurance that these systems will always properly interact with one another or 
will always effectively ensure the error-free and timely transfer of data within the IT structure of BGK and 
the Group. For a detailed description of the risks associated with the malfunctioning of the Group’s IT 
systems refer to risk factor entitled “The Group's IT systems may fail or their security may be 
compromised” below. 
The Group also outsources performance of specific activities on its behalf, including IT services as well as 
document consignment services, cash support services, cash processing, and debt recovery to third parties. 
If any of the third parties on which the bank relies fails to duly perform in accordance with the terms of 
their agreements with BGK, then this could result in operational deficiencies or reputational risk for the 
Group. Furthermore, the Group may be exposed to the risk of liability to its customers and reputational 
damage if such external providers fail to duly perform their services or, specifically, if they perform their 
services in breach of applicable law or banking regulations or if they take improper actions which result in 
an infringement of third party rights. 
Additionally, failures of the Group's operational risk management system to detect or prevent operational 
problems of third parties which prevent them from performing the activities outsourced to them could affect 
the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
The occurrence of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and results of operations of the Group.  
The Group's IT systems may fail or their security may be compromised 
The Group relies heavily on numerous IT systems for a variety of functions, including processing 
applications, providing information to customers, maintaining financial records and providing crucial 
financial and market data to BGK's management board. In addition, the Group uses distribution channels 
based on an IT platform comprising online banking, mobile banking and call centres. 
The Group's activities involve the use and constant development of several IT platforms dedicated to the 
various segments of the Group. Malfunctions, in particular with respect to the use of and interactions 
between the Group's IT platforms, information leakages, service interruptions or similar events may affect 
the relationship between the Group and its customers. The Group constantly modifies and enhances the 
protective measures it takes to counteract these risks. Nevertheless, there is a risk that such measures may 
not be effective against all threats related to cyber-attacks, taking into account their varying nature and 
evolving sophistication. A successful attack could result in material losses of client or customer 
information, damage of computer systems, damage the Group's reputation and lead to regulatory penalties 
or financial losses. 
Moreover, programming errors and similar disruptions could impact the Group's ability to serve the needs 
of its customers on a timely basis, interrupt the Group's operations, damage the Group's reputation or require 
it to incur significant technical, legal and other expenses. In addition, the integrated IT system or upgraded 
information technology systems may fail to meet the needs of the Group's growing and changing business. 
The Group is also subject to regulation regarding the use of personal data. The General Data Protection 
Regulation imposes new obligations and guidelines on companies in the management and processing of 
personal data. Administrative fines of EUR 20 million or 4 per cent. of a company's annual turnover can be 
imposed for non-compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation.

--- Page 18 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
The Group has procedures in place to ensure compliance with the relevant data protection regulations by 
its employees and any third party service providers, and has also implemented security measures to prevent 
cyber-theft. However, if the Group or any of the third party service providers fails to store or transmit 
customer information in a secure manner, or if any loss or wrongful processing of personal customer data 
were otherwise to occur, the Group could be subject to investigative and enforcement action by relevant 
regulatory authorities and could be subject to claims or complaints from the person to whom the data relates, 
or could face liability under data protection laws. Should some or all of these risks materialise, this may 
have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The Group faces liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that BGK may be unable to meet current and future (including contingent) payment 
obligations as they become due. Liquidity risk may result from internal factors (for example, the impact of 
negative publicity and/or reputational damage, resulting for instance in excessive withdrawal of cash by 
BGK's clients or the materialisation of credit risk) and external factors (turbulence and crises in the financial 
markets, country risk or disruption in the operation of clearing systems). 
The Group becomes exposed to liquidity risk when the maturities of its assets and liabilities do not coincide. 
Maturity mismatches between the Group's assets and liabilities may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition, and results of operations if the Group is unable to obtain new deposits 
or find alternative sources of funding for existing and future loan and advances portfolios. 
In terms of current and short-term liquidity risk, if a substantial portion of BGK's clients withdraw their 
demand deposits or do not roll over their term deposits upon maturity, as would be the case with many 
other banks, BGK's liquidity position may be adversely affected. Current liquidity may also be affected by 
unfavourable financial market conditions. If assets held by BGK in order to provide liquidity become 
illiquid due to unforeseen financial market events or their value drops substantially (due to the occurrence 
of events described in detail in the risk factor entitled “The value of the Group's investment and trading 
portfolios may decrease” above), in such circumstances, BGK might not be able to meet its obligations as 
they become due and therefore might be forced to resort to interbank funding, which, in the event of an 
unstable market situation, may become excessively expensive and uncertain. In addition, BGK's ability to 
use such external funding sources is directly connected with the level of credit lines available to BGK, and 
this in turn is dependent on BGK's financial and credit condition, as well as general market liquidity. 
A loss of liquidity or an inability to raise sufficient funds to finance its operations, particularly its lending 
operations, may have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the 
Group. 
The Group may not be able to hire, train or retain a sufficient number of qualified personnel 
The success of the Group's business depends, among other things, on its ability to recruit and maintain 
qualified personnel. The Group is dependent upon high-level management to implement its strategy and 
day-to-day operations. The Group endeavours to reduce the risk of losing key employees through various 
measures, including in particular through management and career development measures. Despite these 
measures, the Group may not succeed in attracting or retaining highly qualified employees in the future. In 
Poland, there is strong competition for qualified personnel specialised in banking and finance, especially at 
middle and upper management levels. 
Competition of this kind may increase the Group's personnel-related costs and make it difficult to recruit 
and offer incentives to qualified personnel. In addition, the Group's senior management or key employees 
of the Group's companies may resign or file a termination notice at any time, which could harm the 
relationships the Group's companies have developed with its customers. The Group's companies may not 
be able to retain such employees, and if they do resign, the Group's companies may not be able to replace

--- Page 19 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
them with persons of the same ability and experience. This could have a material adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects of the Group. 
Litigation, administrative or other proceedings or actions may adversely affect the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations 
Due to the nature of its business, the Group may be exposed to a risk of court, administrative or other 
proceedings being instituted against it by customers, employees and other persons in connection with its 
business. 
The outcome of litigation or similar proceedings or actions is difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs in 
these types of actions against BGK or the Group's companies may seek recovery in large or indeterminate 
amounts or other remedies that may affect BGK's or the Group companies' ability to conduct their business, 
and the magnitude of the potential losses relating to such actions may remain unknown for substantial 
periods of time. The cost to defend future actions may be significant. There may also be adverse publicity 
associated with litigation against the particular Group's companies that could damage the reputation of the 
Group or the particular Group's companies, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether the 
Group is ultimately found liable. 
As a result, litigation, administrative and other proceedings may adversely affect the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. To the best of BGK's knowledge, as at 30 June 2021, it was a 
party to 110 court cases in which it acted as the plaintiff and 24 in which it acted as the defendant. No 
individual case's value exceeds 10 per cent. of BGK's equity. The biggest individual case’s value is PLN 
3,900,000 (plus interest) and the provision associated with the risk of losing this case amounts to PLN 
1,840,000. As at 31 December 2020, the value of the Group’s provisions regarding all ongoing lawsuits 
was approximately PLN 5,520,000. 
Risks related to legal and regulatory environment 
Changes to or an increase in the regulation of the financial services and banking industry in Poland 
and internationally could have an adverse effect on the Group's business 
Regulations governing the banking and financial services industries in Poland and internationally are likely 
to increase, particularly in the current market environment, where supervisors have recently moved to 
tighten regulations governing financial institutions. As a result of these and other ongoing and possible 
future changes in the financial services regulatory landscape (including requirements imposed on the Group 
as a result of governmental or regulatory initiatives, such as the recommendations of the European Union, 
recommendations of the KNF and new regulations from the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision), the 
Group may face greater regulation in Poland and other countries in which it conducts operations. 
Compliance with such changes may increase its capital requirements and costs, heighten disclosure 
requirements, hinder entering into or carrying out certain types of transactions, affect the Group's strategy 
and limit or require modification of the rates or fees that it charges on certain loan and other products, any 
of which could lower the return ratio on its investments, assets and equity. The Group may thus face 
increased compliance costs and limitations on its ability to pursue certain business opportunities and, 
consequently, could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
As a result of new recommendations from the KNF, as well as other possible changes in existing 
recommendations and the issuance of new recommendations affecting supervision, BGK may become 
subject to more onerous and strict supervision, increased capital adequacy requirements, changes in its risk 
model and risk management or be required to incur additional costs, as well as be subject to restrictions on 
certain types of transactions.

--- Page 20 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
The occurrence of any of the above-mentioned factors may affect the Group's strategy, its growth potential, 
its fees and commissions, and profit margins and, consequently, could have a material adverse effect on its 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group may fail to comply with, or be subject to changes in, certain regulatory requirements 
applicable to banking and other regulated business, or with the guidelines set forth by financial 
supervisory authorities on the markets where the Group is present 
Apart from its banking operations, the Group also provides certain financial and ancillary services regarding 
financial instruments and offers transactional banking products that are subject to the supervision of the 
KNF. The catalogue of products offered by BGK and the scope of services provided also depends on EU 
directives and regulations as well as third tier legislation issued by European regulatory authorities (e.g. 
ESMA and the European Banking Authority). 
Due to the nature of BGK’s business activities and the relationship with the State Treasury, BGK is 
exempted from certain regulatory requirements. Nevertheless, the increasing number and ambiguity of 
certain regulatory requirements, and their application to the Group in the markets where the Group is 
present, together with changes to the regulatory requirements and guidelines, has still placed an increased 
burden on BGK and other Group entities to amend their internal policies and procedures in order to comply 
with applicable regulatory regimes. In addition, the requirements and obligations applicable to BGK and 
other Group entities stemming from different jurisdictions and the application thereof may be unclear and 
contradictory and could potentially result in instances of non-compliance. 
Uncertainty with regard to the new rules and guidelines during the period in which they are implemented 
in the jurisdictions relevant to the Group, as well as potential further changes to European or Polish banking 
regulations, might impact the Group's ability to access capital or carry out certain business activities. 
Non-compliance with the above mentioned requirements may expose the Bank or other Group entities to 
sanctions, fines and other penalties, which may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The KNF may identify issues during inspections of the Bank in the future which, if not adequately 
resolved by the Bank, may result in sanctions, fines or other penalties 
In the course of its activities, the Group is subject to numerous inspections, reviews, audits and explanatory 
proceedings conducted by various supervisors which supervise the financial services sector and other areas 
in which the Group operates, including the KNF. The inspections by the KNF are conducted periodically. 
The latest one took place in 2017. 
If any irregularities are found by these supervisory authorities and BGK fails to remedy them (provided 
that such possibility is given) BGK may be exposed to sanctions, fines and other penalties as prescribed by 
the Banking Law. This could affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
Interpretation of Polish tax law regulations may be unclear and Polish tax laws and regulations may 
change 
The Polish tax system is subject to frequent changes. Some provisions of Polish tax law are ambiguous and 
often there is no unanimous or uniform interpretation of law or uniform practice by the tax authorities. 
Because of different interpretations of Polish tax law, the risk connected with Polish tax law may be greater 
than that under other tax jurisdictions in more developed markets. BGK cannot guarantee that the Polish 
tax authorities will not take a different, unfavourable, interpretation of tax provisions implemented by BGK 
or any Group member, which may have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results 
of operations of the Group.

--- Page 21 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
Risks related to any Guarantee of the Notes 
Set out below is a brief description of the risks relating to any Guarantee of the Notes. Notes other than 
Guaranteed Notes will not benefit from any Guarantee of the Notes. 
The scope of any Guarantee of the Notes will be limited 
Each Tranche of Guaranteed Notes is subject to a separate Guarantee of the Notes, substantially in the form 
set out in this Offering Circular. Each Guarantee of the Notes will need to be authorised and/or approved 
by the State Treasury of the Republic of Poland on an issue by issue basis.  
Each Guarantee of the Notes will be limited to 140 per cent. of the principal value of the relevant Tranche 
of Guaranteed Notes. Each Guarantee of the Notes will cover only the payment of the principal value of 
the Guaranteed Notes and accrued interest. A Guarantee of the Notes will not cover any default interest 
under such Guaranteed Notes or the Issuer's liability under related indemnities, including the currency 
indemnity. Therefore, it is possible that not all Noteholders' claims under the Guaranteed Notes will be 
satisfied by the Guarantor in full if these claims fall outside the scope of a Guarantee of the Notes. 
Any Guarantee of the Notes will be limited in time 
The period of the effectiveness of each Guarantee of the Notes will be limited such that each Guarantee of 
the Notes will expire on the day falling six months after the Maturity Date of the Guaranteed Notes. A claim 
brought by a Noteholder after the expiration of the relevant Guarantee of the Notes will not be satisfied 
under that Guarantee of the Notes.  
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under 
the Programme 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features: 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
• 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Offering Circular or any applicable supplement; 
• 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
• 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
• 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and

--- Page 22 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
• 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser or other adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate, legal and other factors that may affect its investment and its 
ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their 
overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform 
under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment 
will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to "benchmarks" 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to 
be implemented.  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. The 
Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on 
any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, 
or UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing 
or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such 
factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead 
to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks".  
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced 
that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free 
overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro 
risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro 
area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR subsequently has 
been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to 
how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR 
or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark 
(including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark 
that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to 
the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect 
such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading 
market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark.

--- Page 23 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
In certain circumstances, the Conditions provide for fallback arrangements in the event that a relevant 
benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) 
becomes unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative, including the possibility that the rate of interest could 
be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative 
reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant 
governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement 
of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes  may not achieve this 
objective.  The relevant fallback arrangements differ depending on the type of Notes.  Any such changes 
may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if 
the original benchmark continued to apply.  In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a 
particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used.  
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser 
(as defined in the Conditions), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time. 
The consequences described above could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Floating Rate Notes.  Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting 
or existence of any relevant benchmarks could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under 
the Floating Rate Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount 
payable under, the Floating Rate Notes.  Investors should consider these matters when making their 
investment decision with respect to the Floating Rate Notes. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers 
or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related 
features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those 
features. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as EURIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of 
other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise 
comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate 
not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, 
which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 24 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the 
rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, 
the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on 
its Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Modification and waiver 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Notes, the Conditions, any Guarantee of the Notes and 
the Deed of Covenant may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to 
correct a manifest error. 
Change of law 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Offering Circular. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Offering Circular and any such change could materially and 
adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: Definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. 
In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
Investors will have to rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg

--- Page 25 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
The Notes will be represented by the Global Notes or Global Registered Notes except in certain limited 
circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note. The Global Notes or Global Registered Notes will 
be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Except in certain limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note, investors 
will not be entitled to receive Definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain 
records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by the Global Notes 
or Global Registered Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common 
depositary or common service provider for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their 
account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or Global Registered Note must rely on 
the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer 
has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial 
interests in the Global Notes or Global Registered Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Registered Notes will not have a direct right 
to vote in respect of the Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are 
enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes or Global 
Registered Notes to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the Notes but 
will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant.  
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer and (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor will pay principal and interest on the 
Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") 
other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) 
and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent 
value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the 
Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer or (if applicable) the Guarantor

--- Page 26 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
to make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Inflation risk 
Inflation risk is the risk of future depreciation of money. The real yield from an investment is reduced by 
inflation. The higher the rate of inflation, the lower the real yield on the Note. If the inflation rate is equal 
to or higher than the nominal yield of the Note, the real yield is zero or even negative and the investors may 
receive no or negative returns on the Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the assigning rating agency at any time. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 27 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
ENFORCEABILITY OF JUDGMENTS 
The United Kingdom and the Republic of Poland (as a member state of the European Union) are parties to 
the Hague Convention of 30 June 2005 on Choice of Court Agreements (the “Hague Convention”). The 
provisions of the Hague Convention will apply to the exclusive jurisdiction clause in the terms and 
conditions of the Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes and to the grounds for recognition and enforcement 
of judgments obtained in the courts of the United Kingdom in respect of the Guarantee of the Notes and/or 
the Notes. Recognition or enforcement of a UK court judgment may be refused only on the grounds 
specified in the Hague Convention. 
A judgement obtained in the United Kingdom would not be recognised or enforced under the Hague 
Convention, inter alia, if a) the agreement was null and void under the law of the state of the chosen court, 
unless the chosen court has determined that the agreement is valid; b) a party lacked the capacity to conclude 
the agreement under the law of the requested state; c) the document which instituted the proceedings or an 
equivalent document, including the essential elements of the claim: i) was not notified to the defendant in 
sufficient time and in such a way as to enable him to arrange for his defence, unless the defendant entered 
an appearance and presented his case without contesting notification in the court of origin, provided that 
the law of the state of origin permitted notification to be contested; or ii) was notified to the defendant in 
the requested state in a manner that is incompatible with fundamental principles of the requested state 
concerning service of documents; d) the judgment was obtained by fraud in connection with a matter of 
procedure; e) recognition or enforcement would be manifestly incompatible with the public policy of the 
requested state, including situations where the specific proceedings leading to the judgment were 
incompatible with fundamental principles of procedural fairness of that state; f) the judgment is inconsistent 
with a judgment given in the requested state in a dispute between the same parties; or g) the judgment is 
inconsistent with an earlier judgment given in another state between the same parties on the same cause of 
action, provided that the earlier judgment fulfils the conditions necessary for its recognition in the requested 
state. 
Under the Hague Convention, the procedure for recognition, declaration of enforceability or registration 
for enforcement, and the enforcement of the judgement, are governed by the law of the state where 
recognition or enforcement is requested to take place unless the Hague Convention provides otherwise.  
The Polish Civil Procedure Code (Kodeks postępowania cywilnego) provides special rules concerning 
enforcement of claims against the Guarantor. Among other provisions, the enforcement of pecuniary claims 
against the Guarantor may be made solely against the bank accounts of the public entity representing the 
Guarantor. The enforcement must be preceded by a notice demanding the payment of claims. As of the date 
of this Offering Circular, the Minister of Finance represents the Guarantor in respect of the Guarantee of 
the Notes and the relevant bank accounts include, without limitation, the central budget current account as 
defined in Art. 196(1)(1) of the Act dated 27 August 2009 on Public Finance.

--- Page 28 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level 
higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date 
of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 29 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
RATINGS 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the following credit ratings have been assigned to the Issuer: 
 
Foreign Currency 
Local Currency 
Rating Agency 
Long-term 
Short-term 
Long-term 
Short-term 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
A- (stable) 
F1 
A- (stable) 
F1+ 
 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the following credit ratings have been assigned to the Guarantor: 
 
Foreign Currency 
Local Currency 
Rating Agency 
Long-term 
Short-term 
Long-term 
Short-term 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
A- (stable) 
F2 
A-  
F1 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH 
A2 (stable) 
P-1 
A2 
P-1 
S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited 
A- (stable) 
A-2 
A 
A-1 
 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in Dublin, Ireland, Moody's Deutschland GmbH is established 
in Frakfurt, Germany and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is established in Dublin, Ireland. Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited, Moody's Deutschland GmbH and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited are all 
certified under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation").  
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) 
assigned to the Issuer or to Notes already issued. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation 
to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the CRA Regulation and/or 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.  
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk, 
a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation. This list 
must be updated within 5 working days of ESMA's adoption of any decision to withdraw the registration 
of a credit rating agency under the CRA Regulation. The ESMA website is not incorporated by reference 
into, nor does it form part of, this Offering Circular. 
Prospective investors who are European regulated investors (including credit institutions as defined in 
Directive 2013/36/EU (as amended), investments firms as defined in MiFID II, undertakings for collective 
investment in transferable securities (UCITS) as defined in Directive 2009/65/EC and institutions for 
occupational retirement provision as defined in Directive (EU) 2016/2341) should note that, in general, 
they are restricted from using a credit rating (as such term is defined in the CRA Regulation) for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation 
or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under 
the CRA Regulation. 
Prospective investors who are UK regulated investors (including credit institutions as defined in Directive 
2013/36/EU (as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018), investments firms as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as it forms part of domestic law of the UK 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018), undertakings for collective investment in

--- Page 30 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
transferable securities (UCITS) as defined in Directive 2009/65/EC (as it forms part of domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018) and institutions for occupational retirement 
provision as defined in Directive (EU) 2016/2341 (as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018) should note that, in general, they are restricted from using a 
credit rating (as such term is defined in the UK CRA Regulation) for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not issued by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the United Kingdom 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the United 
Kingdom which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 31 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Offering Circular shall be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement hereto and, in 
relation to any Tranche of Notes, together with the relevant Final Terms, in each case on the basis that such 
supplement or such Final Terms is or are incorporated into and form part of this Offering Circular, provided, 
however, that any statement contained in this Offering Circular or in any of the documents incorporated by 
reference in, and forming part of, this Offering Circular shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for 
the purposes of this Offering Circular to the extent that a statement contained in any supplement to this 
Offering Circular modifies or supersedes such statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). 
Any such statement so modified or supplemented shall not be deemed to constitute a part of this Offering 
Circular except as so modified or superseded. 
The Issuer will, at the specified offices of the Paying Agents, provide, free of charge, upon oral or written 
request, a copy of this Offering Circular (or any document incorporated by reference in this Offering 
Circular). Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the specified office of any 
Paying Agent or the specified office of the Listing Agent in Luxembourg. 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Offering Circular: 
 
1. the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer's capital group (the "Group") for the financial year 
ended 
31 
December 
2020  
(https://www.en.bgk.pl/files/public/Pliki/Sprawozdanie_finansowe/2020-skonsolidowane-eng/SSF_GK_BGK_2020_EN.pdf): 
Section 
Page number 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
4 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
4 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
5 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
6 - 7 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
8 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
9 - 130 
2. the opinion and report of the auditor concerning the consolidated financial statements of the Group for 
the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2020  
(https://www.en.bgk.pl/files/public/Pliki/Sprawozdanie_finansowe/2020-skonsolidowane-eng/GK_BGK_Auditors_report_EN.xhtml); 
3. the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 
(https://www.en.bgk.pl/files/public/Pliki/Sprawozdanie_finansowe/2019_skonsolidowane/GK_BGK_SSF_2019_EN.pdf) 
Section 
Page number 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
4 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
4 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
5 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
6 - 7 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
8 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
9 - 119

--- Page 32 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
4. the opinion and report of the auditor concerning the consolidated financial statements of the Group for 
the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2019 
(https://www.en.bgk.pl/files/public/Pliki/Sprawozdanie_finansowe/2019_skonsolidowane/GK_BGK_Auditors_report_EN.pdf); 
5. the standalone financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 
(https://www.en.bgk.pl/files/public/Pliki/Sprawozdanie_finansowe/2020-skonsolidowane-eng/SF_BGK_31122020_EN.xhtml): 
Section 
Page number 
Statement of profit or loss 
4 
Statement of comprehensive income 
4 
Statement of financial position 
5 
Statement of changes in equity 
6 - 7 
Statement of cash flows 
8 
Notes to the financial statements 
9 - 120 
6. the opinion and report of the auditor concerning the standalone financial statements of the Issuer for 
the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2020  
(https://www.en.bgk.pl/files/public/Pliki/Sprawozdanie_finansowe/2020-skonsolidowane-eng/BGK_Auditors_report_EN.xhtml); 
7. the standalone financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 
(https://www.en.bgk.pl/files/public/Pliki/Sprawozdanie_finansowe/2019-jednostkowe/SF_BGK_2019_EN.pdf): 
Section 
Page number 
Statement of profit or loss 
4 
Statement of comprehensive income 
4 
Statement of financial position 
5 
Statement of changes in equity 
6 - 7 
Statement of cash flows 
8 
Notes to the financial statements 
9 - 109 
8. the opinion and report of the auditor concerning the standalone financial statements of the Issuer for 
the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2019  
(https://www.en.bgk.pl/files/public/Pliki/Sprawozdanie_finansowe/2019-jednostkowe/BGK_Auditors_report_EN.pdf); 
9. report 
of 
the 
management 
board 
on 
activities 
of 
the 
Group 
in 
2020 
(https://www.en.bgk.pl/files/public/Pliki/Sprawozdanie_finansowe/2020-skonsolidowane-eng/SSD_BGK_2020_EN.pdf): 
Section 
Page number 
Summary of 2020 
5 – 15 
The economy in 2020 
16 – 17 
Changes in the regulatory environment  
18 – 19 
Operations of BGK and the BGK group 
20 – 76 
Strategy and development directions of BGK and the BGK group 
77 – 87 
Financial overview of the BGK group and BGK 
88 – 97

--- Page 33 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
Organisational structure of the bank 
98 
BGK's CSR initiatives 
98 
HR policy pursued by BGK 
99 – 102 
Auditor of the financial statements 
103 
Disclosures required under banking law subject to audit by an auditor 
103 
Non-financial statement 
103 
Statement of compliance with corporate governance rules 
103 – 113 
Managing and assessing credit, financial, operational and other risks 
114 – 123 
 
10. report 
of 
the 
management 
board 
on 
activities 
of 
the 
Group 
in 
2019  
(https://www.en.bgk.pl/files/public/Pliki/Sprawozdanie_finansowe/2019_skonsolidowane/GK_BGK_SSD_2019_EN.pdf): 
Section 
Page number 
Summary of 2019 
5 – 14 
The economy in 2019 
15 – 16 
Changes in the regulatory environment  
17 
Operations of Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego nad the BGK group 
18 – 58 
Strategy and development directions of BGK and the BGK group 
59 – 66  
Financial overview of the BGK group and BGK 
67 – 76  
Organisational structure of the bank 
77 
Corporate social responsibility 
77 – 79  
HR policy pursued by BGK 
80 – 82  
Auditor of the financial statements 
83 
Disclosures required under banking law subject to audit by an auditor 
83 
Non-financial statement 
83 
Statement of compliance with corporate governance rules 
83 – 92  
Managing and assessing credit, financial, operational and other risks 
93 – 101  
11. the following sections relating to the Guarantor contained in the Simplified Base Prospectus dated 15 
March 2021 relating to the Republic of Poland's EUR 70,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme 
(https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=sN30F1M+Bcip0/M/GFB3hW1TB7aQUawbdxOHEcbzSvKbYcQJWaLt80ngczLkjl3ttCo/UJ9HWpCHRgAf0TKslU8llXkfTEBxi5NmYw/9
DZZNtOxhJzAYtBks/c054i81W2Ard58vSEq+qaFftvaDC7xZ26fk4f4g9FDYrg5iESF8qav7/SrZOYZ/I/pakWAp):

--- Page 34 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
Section 
Page number 
Overview of the Republic of Poland 
50 – 56 
The Economy 
57 – 58 
Recent Economic Performance 
59 – 60 
Trade and Balance of Payments 
61 – 65 
Monetary and Financial System 
66 – 71 
Public Finance 
72 – 73 
General Government Balance 
74 – 82 
Public Debt 
83 – 85 
Internal State Treasury Debt 
86 – 88 
12. the terms and conditions set out on pages 22 to 44 of the offering circular dated 4 May 2016 relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
under 
the 
heading 
"Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Notes" 
(https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=iVJ8MGdhydonDCYENfld5JzlLfUYmoVDADKWCE1JTOcsdButqWfUEtZXUgIZKnmQmSkl2ZgUgf+86vwbVOi29cCXpnhIMf8/8GfthQ
R1oJhvY9dx384kpB9ZdOtNiSeBNC7wA0DggCryGykmTUBljBIK3myz+PB6LKYZdV5k3vw);  
13. the terms and conditions set out on pages 22 to 44 of the offering circular dated 24 October 2017 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=mNa9kRmZEFMzu1IDHYT6qcow5zG35RCJzqfXryWgwJcmnKDxfmDAa1Lv1akznlyFc5p5TG6xVowbtlCO96s8ci/7iHrnUQr0OoRpfL2jg
qXUy3JbOu2wMMIYnasSpGf9LTdgXJo9ZKLdqXMn5EMCMLIU+SFE/I+bHlMVO4hQa30); 
14. the terms and conditions set out on pages 23 to 45 of the offering circular dated 14 May 2018 relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
under 
the 
heading 
"Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Notes" 
(https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=IzRI2n5mja6hEBzWzYlz4zgedqtTM4Un5+C2+f97zRfSUIlfFT2iewnl1LS+EQvROlIQvZSSVp27wy1+frGau+kgYNgNIRZ3+lYpifUHwFpt
A9JfItKT0wjTKvjSqiMDWq/r+vG5fAQP2Y2RaDdY30oGQLozEgJlhb6nBymRz7E); and 
15. the terms and conditions set out on pages 39 to 64 of the offering circular dated 22 December 2020 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=he7acG4z9iwLLdFKc/USsYLBt2Px1rErm4b0piXLXB5b+zlQ4L+Q1Ct3vlJYSlRXVzWjPCQUum9ZuoLyEqFiwbV5GpspNCfuVyp48IDb4
pl9EIyCUv5GhUD6KDjqDjz2lLAnDMgYyX5OwEsvH5VPdi52+AkqB9g6/TxK1nTy9Kp9ppavybkMyC/AemOsdTMj). 
For the purposes of Article 19(1) of the Prospectus Regulation, any information not incorporated by 
reference in this Offering Circular, which, for the avoidance of doubt means any information not indicated 
in the cross-reference list above, but contained in one of the documents listed above is either deemed not 
relevant for an investor or is otherwise covered elsewhere in this Offering Circular and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular, information contained 
on the Issuer's website does not form part of this Offering Circular. 
In addition, this Offering Circular, any supplements hereto and the documents specified above as containing 
information incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular will also be available on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 35 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be either a Temporary Global Note, without interest coupons, 
or a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global 
Note") which is not intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" 
of the central banking system for the Euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided, however, that certain other criteria 
are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be 
offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global 
bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be 
eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United 
States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor United States Treasury Regulation 
section, including without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service 
Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment 
Act of 2010) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any 
successor United States Treasury Regulation section, including without limitation, regulations issued in 
accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation 
to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest 
coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification 
as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global 
Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase 
in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
o 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
o 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.

--- Page 36 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate 
of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, 
that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has 
requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note; or 
b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary 
Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling 
due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment,  
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will 
have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request 
of the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; or 
b) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
c) 
if the Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note", 
then if either of the following events occurs: 
i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or

--- Page 37 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global 
Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with 
its terms; or 
c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void 
at 5.00p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on the date on which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such due date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global 
Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA 
C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will 
initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for 
Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be 
collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent 
within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void 
at 5.00p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have

--- Page 38 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which 
will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void 
at 5.00p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on such due date ((b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others 
may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
In relation to any issue of Notes which are specified in the Final Terms as Global Notes exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes in circumstances other than in the limited circumstances specified in the relevant 
Global Note, such Notes may only be issued in denominations equal to, or greater than, EUR100,000 
(or equivalent) and multiples thereof.

--- Page 39 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
Exchanges of Notes and Specified Denomination 
The exchange upon expiry of a period of notice or at any time options referred to above should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the relevant Notes includes language 
substantially to the following effect: "€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and 
including €199,000". Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation 
to any issuance of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary Bearer Global Notes 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes. 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or 
a Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to 
which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent 
Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms which supplement, amend and/or replace those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to 
the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered 
form ("Individual Note Certificates") or a global Note in registered form (a "Global Registered Note"), 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed 
the new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed 
in cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the NSS would be in compliance 
with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the 
Eurosystem, subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements. The press 
release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in global registered

--- Page 40 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
form held issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be 
eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping Structure is used. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the 
NSS, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance 
with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be 
registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in 
respect of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable 
for Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note 
which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Note ", then if either of the following events occurs: 
i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer 
shall procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on 
behalf of the registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is 
required to complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names 
and addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and 
the principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note 
at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be 
effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect 
of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
exchange. 
If: 
a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Note; or

--- Page 41 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling 
due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered 
Note in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the holder of the Global Registered Note 
will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Global 
Registered Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant. Under the Deed of Covenant, persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Registered Note will acquire directly against the Issuer 
all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Global Registered Note 
became void, they had been the holders of Individual Note Certificates in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which are specified in the Final Terms as Global Registered Note 
Certificates exchangeable for individual Note Certificates in circumstances other than in the limited 
circumstances specified in the relevant Global Registered Note Certificate, such Notes may only be issued 
in denominations equal to, or greater than, EUR100,000 (or equivalent) and multiples thereof.

--- Page 42 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the 
Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction 
a) 
Programme: Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 15,000,000,000 in aggregate 
principal amount of notes (the "Notes").  
b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which supplements these terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these 
Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Final Terms. In the event 
of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final 
Terms shall prevail. 
c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement dated 23 
December 2021 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed 
from time to time in connection with the Notes), Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG as registrar 
(the "Registrar", which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time 
in connection with the Notes), the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, 
the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the transfer agents named therein 
(together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression includes any successor or 
additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). In these 
Conditions references to the "Agents" are to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents and any 
reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them. 
d) 
Guarantee: If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the State Treasury of the Republic of Poland 
(the "Guarantor") will guarantee the obligations of the Issuer under and in relation to the Notes 
(the "Guaranteed Notes") in a guarantee to be entered into in respect of each Tranche of Notes, 
the date of which will be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (the "Guarantee of the Notes") 
and which shall be substantially in the form set out in the most recently published offering circular 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Guaranteed Notes of the relevant Series. 
e) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in registered 
form ("Registered Notes"). Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 23 
December 2021 (the "Deed of Covenant") entered into by the Issuer.  
f) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are 
the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for 
inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set out below. 
g) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement, the 
Guarantee of the Notes and the Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions. The 
holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any,

--- Page 43 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
(the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have 
notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, Guarantee of the Notes (if applicable) and 
the Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement, Guarantee of the 
Notes (if applicable) and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection by Noteholders during 
normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified 
Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to 
the first following day that is a Business Day; 
ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that 
is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date 
will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention"or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
A. 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month;

--- Page 44 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
B. 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
C. 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or 
such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
A. 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
B. 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
b) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA) " is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360;

--- Page 45 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and

--- Page 46 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, 
has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to 
Registered Notes); 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of:

--- Page 47 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the 
payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 90 days; and 
e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale 
or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention 
at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date 
(in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in 
any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.); 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes,

--- Page 48 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to 
Registered Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the 
euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
A. 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
B. 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
A. 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
B. 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
i) 
any Security Interest upon property to secure Relevant External Indebtedness incurred for 
the purpose of financing the acquisition of such property (or property which forms part 
of a class of assets of a similar nature where the Security Interest is by reference to the 
constituents of such class from time to time); or 
ii) 
any Security Interest existing on property at the time of its acquisition; or

--- Page 49 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
iii) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law which has not been foreclosed or 
otherwise enforced against the assets to which it applies; or 
iv) 
any Security Interest securing or providing for the payment of Relevant External 
Indebtedness incurred in connection with any Project Financing provided, however, that 
such Security Interest applies to (A) properties which are the subject of such Project 
Financing or (B) revenues or claims which arise from the operation, failure to meet 
specifications, exploitation, sale or loss of, or failure to complete, or damage to, such 
properties; or 
v) 
the right of priority to revenues from or assets of a project financed from the issuance of 
revenue bonds, in particular revenue bonds (obligacje przychodowe) issued under the Act 
dated 29 June 1995 on Bonds or the Act dated 15 January 2015 on Bonds (or any 
legislation replacing this act), granted to the holders of such revenue bonds; or 
vi) 
the renewal or extension of any Security Interest described in subparagraphs (i) to (v) 
above, provided, however, that the principal amount of the Relevant External 
Indebtedness secured thereby is not increased; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of 
such Member State of the European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee 
or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent;  
"Project Financing" means any arrangement for the provision of funds which are to be used solely 
to finance a project for the acquisition, construction, development or exploitation of any property 
pursuant to which the persons providing such funds agree that the principal source of repayment 
of such funds will be the project and the revenues (including insurance proceeds) generated by 
such project; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Record Date" has the meaning given in Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes); 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major 
banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 50 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; the term Reference Rate 
shall, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event under Condition 7(j) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation), include any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and shall, if a Benchmark Event 
should occur subsequently in respect of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, also include 
any further Successor Rate or further Alternative Rate 
"Regular Period" means: 
i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to 
such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant External Indebtedness" means any obligation incurred after 1945 for borrowed money 
(A) evidenced by bonds, notes or other securities which are or are intended to be quoted, listed or 
ordinarily purchased and sold on any stock exchange, automated trading system or 
over-the-counter or other securities market and (B) denominated or payable, or at the option of the 
holder thereof payable, in a currency other than the lawful currency of the Republic of Poland; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security interest or other 
encumbrance securing any obligation of the Issuer or any other type of preferential arrangement 
having similar effect over any assets or revenues of the Issuer;

--- Page 51 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 
November 2007; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET 2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at 
the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in 
the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such 
expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement or (if applicable) the Guarantee of the Notes shall 
be construed as a reference to the Agency Agreement or the Guarantee of the Notes, as 
the case may be, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of 
the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer

--- Page 52 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer 
Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination 
will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of 
Bearer Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" and 
"Couponholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a 
minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a 
smaller amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
d) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to 
each Holder of Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be 
numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case 
of Registered Notes, "Holder" means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the 
time being registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and 
"Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) 
or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating 
such Holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under 
the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs i) (Closed periods) and j) (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon 
surrender of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at 
the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the 
Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of 
the transferor and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; 
provided, however, that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of 
Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being 
transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes not transferred are Specified 
Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note 
Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the 
Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with paragraph f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar 
will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount 
to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case 
may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant 
Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose 
by such relevant Holder. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the 
Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but upon payment by the applicant of (or the

--- Page 53 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
giving by the applicant of such indemnity as the Issuer, Registrar or (as the case may be) Transfer 
Agent may require in respect of) any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied 
or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries 
on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior 
written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) 
by the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status and Guarantee 
a) 
Status of the Notes: The Notes constitute direct, general and unconditional obligations of the Issuer 
which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other 
present and future unsecured (subject to Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that 
are both mandatory and of general application. 
b) 
Guarantee of the Notes:If the Notes are Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantor has in the Guarantee of 
the Notes unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due and punctual payment of principal 
and accrued interest payable by the Issuer in respect of the Guaranteed Notes. The Guarantee of 
the Notes constitutes a direct, general and unconditional obligation of the Guarantor which will at 
all times rank at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured (subject to clause 5 
(Negative Pledge) of the relevant Guarantee of the Notes) and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantor, save only for any obligation which may be preferred by mandatory provisions of 
applicable law. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer shall 
not create or permit to arise or subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security 
Interest) upon any of the Issuer's assets or revenues, present or future, to secure any Relevant 
External Indebtedness of the Issuer unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer's obligations 
under the Notes are secured equally and rateably therewith or have the benefit of such other 
arrangement as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes). Each Note will cease 
to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of 
the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear 
interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is 
the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).

--- Page 54 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit 
being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes). Each Note will cease 
to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of 
the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear 
interest in accordance with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by 
or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent 
has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined, subject to Condition 7(j) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date; 
iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
A. 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each the Reference Banks 
to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time; and 
B. 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and

--- Page 55 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local 
time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for 
a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case 
may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to 
determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in 
relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will 
be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation 
to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA 
Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
A. 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
B. 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
C. 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant 
Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in 
the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
g) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The 
relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 56 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
h) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by 
which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation but (in the case of 
each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the 
basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but 
instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note 
having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
i) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such 
Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it 
of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing provisions in this 
Condition 7, if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to a Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions of this Condition 7j) shall apply: 
A. 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavors to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
an Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) no later than five Business Days prior to the Interest Determination 
Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off 
Date") a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate for purposes of determining the Interest Rate (or the relevant component 
part thereof) applicable to the Notes; 
B. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 7j) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, and (in the absence of fraud) shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Noteholders for any 
determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any 
determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 7j). 
C. 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, or (if the Issuer is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser) the Issuer, in each case acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
 
(1) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 7j)D) subsequently be used in place 
of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 7j)); or 
(2) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
7j)D) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine

--- Page 57 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 7j) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the 
Alternative Rate), provided, however, that if the Issuer fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate in accordance with 
this Condition 7j) five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Reference Rate applicable to the immediate 
following Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date.  If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate 
applicable to the first Interest Period (though substituting, where a 
different Margin and/or Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin and/or Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin 
and/or Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Period).  For the 
avoidance of doubt, the proviso in this Condition 7j)C shall apply to the 
immediately following Interest Period only.  Any subsequent Interest 
Period may be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7j). 
D. 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, or (if the Issuer is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser) the Issuer, in each case acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant 
Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable).  If the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, or (if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser) the 
Issuer, in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, is 
unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply 
without an Adjustment Spread. 
E. 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7j) and the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, or (if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser) the 
Issuer, in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines  that (i) amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 7j)F, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give 
effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 7j)E, the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
F. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7j) will be notified within 
five Business Days by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, and, in accordance with

--- Page 58 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders.  Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) will, in the absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders. 
As used in these Conditions: 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as 
applicable), in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in 
the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with 
the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognized or acknowledged as 
being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which 
reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(c) 
if no such customary market usage is recognized or acknowledged, the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer in its discretion (as applicable), 
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be 
appropriate, 
in each case, in order to put the Issuer and the Holders in substantially the same economic position 
as prior to the occurrence of the Benchmark Event and the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 7j). 
"Alternative Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of bonds denominated in the Specified Currency 
and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines in its discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7j)E. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference

--- Page 59 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date 
(the "Specified Future Date"); 
or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date") be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
(as applicable)that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is or will, by a 
specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer representative of its an 
underlying market; 
or 
(f) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months,, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (including without limitation, 
under the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable), 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (b), (c), (d), or (e) above and the Specified Future Date 
in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the 
Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to 
such Specified Future Date. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under this Condition 7j). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any such similar institution for the 
currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any other 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by, or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any such similar 
institution for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
(b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate (and related alternative screen 
page or source if available) which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions

--- Page 60 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if 
the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
i) 
the Reference Price; and 
ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it 
has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the 
extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes). 
b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part: 
i) 
at any time (if no Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable); or 
ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to 
the date fixed for redemption, if:  
i) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Republic of Poland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes; 
ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it, provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
A. 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment 
in respect of the Notes were then due; or 
B. 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on

--- Page 61 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two duly authorised officers of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the Conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred of and 
(B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer 
has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9(b), the Issuer 
shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 9(b). 
c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer giving not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to 
redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) 
to such date). 
d) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal 
Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of each listing 
authority, stock exchange, regulated market and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes 
have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, and the notice to Noteholders referred 
to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of 
the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.  
e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order 
to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(e), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any 
Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly 
completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent 
with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the 
depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
accordance with this Condition 9(e), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable 
or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent 
shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given 
by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified 
Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option 
Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this 
Condition 9(e), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the 
holder of such Note for all purposes.

--- Page 62 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
f) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs a) to e) above. 
g) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
i) 
the Reference Price; and 
ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9(g) or, 
if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
h) 
Purchase: The Issuer or (if applicable) the Guarantor may at any time purchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise at any price and such Notes may be held, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation (provided, however, that if the Notes are to be 
cancelled, they are purchased together with all unmatured Coupons relating to them).  
i) 
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with 
them shall be cancelled and all Notes so cancelled and any Notes cancelled pursuant to Condition 
9(h) (Purchase) above (together with all unmatured Coupons cancelled with them) may not be 
reissued or resold. 
10. 
Payments – Bearer Notes 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Bearer Notes 
a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided, however, 
that payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, 
or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank 
in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing 
branch of a bank in the City of London). 
b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided, however, that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate 
Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner 
described in paragraph a) above. 
c) 
Payments in the United States: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified 
Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is 
due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying 
Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and 
(iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.

--- Page 63 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: Save as provided in Condition 12 (Taxation), all payments in 
respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and 
regulations in the place of payment and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulation or 
agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto: 
i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that 
if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
A. 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) 
as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons 
(the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise 
require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall 
become void in its entirety; and 
B. 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount available 
for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as 
the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph a) above 
against presentation and (provided, however, that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant 
missing Coupons. 
f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Bearer Note or early 
redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto 
(whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer 
Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not 
be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business

--- Page 64 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of 
any such delay. 
h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted 
by paragraph c)). 
i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating 
the amount and date of such payment. 
j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time 
of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such 
Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon 
Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which 
claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for 
redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void 
and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
11. 
Payments – Registered Notes 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, 
by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank 
in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing 
branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent. 
b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of 
the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch 
of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, 
official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the

--- Page 65 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by 
cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on 
redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note 
Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) 
on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest or 
other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment 
not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition 12 
arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, 
in the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating 
the amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as 
the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office 
on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). Where payment in 
respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address 
shown as the address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record 
Date. 
12. 
Taxation 
All payments (whether in respect of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of the Notes and the Coupons 
by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Poland or any political 
subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the 
Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect 
of any Note or Coupon: 
(A) 
held by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have 
been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the 
Note or Coupon; or 
(B) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for 
payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of 
such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting 
such Note or Coupon for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
13. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs: 
a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes on the due 
date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes within 30 
days of the due date for payment thereof; or

--- Page 66 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer or (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor 
defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other material obligations under or in 
respect of the Notes or (if applicable) the Guarantee of the Notes and such default remains 
unremedied for 45 days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor or 
to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or 
c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Guarantor: any Relevant External Indebtedness of the Issuer or (if the 
Notes are Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor is not paid when due or (as the case may be) within 
any originally applicable grace period; or 
d) 
Winding up etc: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation 
or dissolution of the Issuer; or 
e) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) 
the Guarantor to perform or comply with any of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or 
(if applicable) the Guarantee of the Notes; or 
f) 
Guarantee of the Notes not in force: if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantee of the Notes 
is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect, 
then the holders of at least 25 per cent. in aggregate principal amount of the Notes may, by written 
notice addressed to the Issuer (with a copy to the Fiscal Agent), declare the Notes to be 
immediately due and payable, whereupon the Notes shall become immediately due and payable at 
their Early Termination Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or 
formality, provided, however, that if the Issuer receives notice in writing (with a copy to the Fiscal 
Agent) from holders of at least 50 per cent. in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
to the effect that the Event of Default or Events of Default giving rise to any above mentioned 
declaration of acceleration is or are cured following any such declaration and that such holders 
wish the relevant declaration to be withdrawn, the Issuer shall give notice thereof to the 
Noteholders (with a copy to the Fiscal Agent), whereupon the relevant declaration shall be 
withdrawn and shall have no further effect but without prejudice to any rights or obligations which 
may have arisen before the Issuer gives such notice (whether pursuant to these Conditions or 
otherwise). No such withdrawal shall affect any other or any subsequent Event of Default or any 
right of any Noteholder in relation thereto. 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes are 
presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in respect of 
Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years 
of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of Registered 
Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment within ten years 
of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, in the case of 
Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in 
the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all 
applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon

--- Page 67 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms 
as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced 
Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar or Calculation 
Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent and a Registrar; and 
b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain 
a Calculation Agent; and 
c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying 
Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent 
and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision 
of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the 
request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being 
or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; 
provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing not less 
than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such 
meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
b) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions, the Guarantee of the Notes (if the Notes are 
Guaranteed Notes) and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency

--- Page 68 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
c) 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 7j) (Benchmark Discontinuation), certain changes may be made 
to the interest calculation provisions of the Floating Rate Notes in the circumstances and as 
otherwise set out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
19. 
Notices 
a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language 
daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the 
Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of 
applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg 
(which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading 
English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more 
than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required 
newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice given to the Noteholders. 
b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class 
mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses 
on the Register or, if such notification is not practicable, in a leading English language daily 
newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. 
20. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or 
made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same is 
payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second currency") 
for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment 
in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, 
the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the 
Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered 
as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in 
question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such 
Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency 
upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or 
proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action. 
21. 
Rounding

--- Page 69 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen 
amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole 
Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from 
such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being 
rounded upwards. 
22. 
Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning 
a) 
Application: This Condition 22 (Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning) is 
applicable to the Notes only if it is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
b) 
Notice of redenomination: If the country of the Specified Currency becomes or, announces its 
intention to become, a Participating Member State, the Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Noteholders and Couponholders, on giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders and 
the Paying Agents, designate a date (the "Redenomination Date"), being an Interest Payment 
Date under the Notes falling on or after the date on which such country becomes a Participating 
Member State. 
c) 
Redenomination: Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Conditions, with effect from the 
Redenomination Date: 
i) 
the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro in the denomination of euro 0.01 
with a principal amount for each Note equal to the principal amount of that Note in the 
Specified Currency, converted into euro at the rate for conversion of such currency into 
euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to the Treaty (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with European Union 
regulations); provided, however, that if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the 
Fiscal Agent then market practice in respect of the redenomination into euro 0.01 of 
internationally offered securities is different from that specified above, such provisions 
shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and the Issuer 
shall promptly notify the Noteholders and Couponholders, each listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
ii) 
if Notes have been issued in definitive form: 
A. 
all unmatured Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency (whether or not 
attached to the Notes) will become void with effect from the date (the "Euro 
Exchange Date") on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Euro Exchange Notice") 
to the Noteholders that replacement Notes and Coupons denominated in euro are 
available for exchange (provided, however, that such Notes and Coupons are 
available) and no payments will be made in respect thereof; 
B. 
the payment obligations contained in all Notes denominated in the Specified 
Currency will become void on the Euro Exchange Date but all other obligations 
of the Issuer thereunder (including the obligation to exchange such Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 22) shall remain in full force and effect; and 
C. 
new Notes and Coupons denominated in euro will be issued in exchange for Notes 
and Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner as the Fiscal

--- Page 70 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
Agent may specify and as shall be notified to the Noteholders in the Euro 
Exchange Notice; and 
iii) 
all payments in respect of the Notes (other than, unless the Redenomination Date is on or 
after such date as the Specified Currency ceases to be a sub-division of the euro, payments 
of interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date) will be 
made solely in euro by cheque drawn on, or by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any 
other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee with, 
a bank in the principal financial centre of any Member State of the European Union. 
d) 
Interest: Following redenomination of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 22, where Notes have 
been issued in definitive form, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated 
by reference to the aggregate principal amount of the Notes presented (or, as the case may be, in 
respect of which Coupons are presented) for payment by the relevant holder. 
e) 
Interest Determination Date: If the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, with effect from the 
Redenomination Date the Interest Determination date shall be deemed to be the second TARGET2 
Settlement Day before the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
23. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
a) 
Governing law: The Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with therewith are governed by English law. 
b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
"Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons (including any non-
contractual obligation arising out of or in connection therewith).  
c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
d) 
Consent to enforcement etc.: The Issuer consents generally in respect of any proceedings relating 
to a Dispute (the "Proceedings") to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in 
connection with such Proceedings including (without limitation) the making, enforcement or 
execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or 
judgment which is made or given in such Proceedings. 
e) 
Waiver of immunity: To the extent that the Issuer may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its 
assets or revenues immunity from suit, execution, attachment (whether in aid of execution, before 
judgment or otherwise) or other legal process and to the extent that such immunity (whether or not 
claimed) may be attributed in any such jurisdiction to the Issuer or its assets or revenues, the Issuer 
agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the full extent permitted by the laws 
of such jurisdiction. 
f) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any 
other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by 
being delivered to the Consular Section of the Embassy of the Republic of Poland, Embassy of the 
Republic of Poland in London from time to time, being presently at 10 Bouverie Street, London 
EC4Y 8AX, England. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve 
process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England 
and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 71 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
FORM OF GUARANTEE OF THE NOTES 
The Guarantee of the Notes in respect of each Tranche of Guaranteed Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be substantially in the form set out below, with such amendments as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s).  
Notes other than Guaranteed Notes will not have the benefit of a Guarantee of the Notes. 
THIS DEED OF GUARANTEE is made on [•] 
BY: 
THE STATE TREASURY OF THE REPUBLIC OF POLAND represented by the Council of Ministers, 
which authorised the Minister of Finance to act on its behalf (the "Guarantor"), on the basis of [to be 
completed to include relevant statutory, or other legal, references]. 
IN FAVOUR OF: 
THE HOLDERS AND THE ACCOUNTHOLDERS (each as defined below) (together, the 
"Beneficiaries"). 
WHEREAS: 
• 
Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego, in its capacity as an issuer (the "Issuer") has established a Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of notes. The Issuer intends 
to issue [currency][amount] notes due [date] under the Programme for financing the [use of 
proceeds to be inserted] (the "Notes"). The Guarantor has authorised the giving of its irrevocable 
and unconditional guarantee in relation to the Notes. 
• 
The Issuer has, in relation to the notes issued under the Programme, entered into a fiscal agency 
agreement (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency 
Agreement") dated 23 December 2021 with Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent (the 
"Agent", which expression shall include any successor) and the other paying agents named therein. 
• 
The Issuer has, in relation to the notes issued under the Programme, executed a deed of covenant 
(as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Deed of Covenant") dated 
23 December 2021. 
• 
The Guarantor has agreed to irrevocably and unconditionally guarantee the payment of the 
principal amount of the Notes and interest on the Notes expressed to be payable from time to time 
by the Issuer in respect of the Notes and under the Deed of Covenant. 
THIS DEED OF GUARANTEE WITNESSES as follows: 
1. 
INTERPRETATION 
1.1. 
Benefit of Deed of Guarantee 
The Notes shall have the benefit of this Deed of Guarantee but shall not have the benefit of any 
prior or subsequent deed of guarantee relating to any other issue of notes under the Programme 
(unless expressly so provided in any prior or subsequent deed).

--- Page 72 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
1.2. 
Definitions, Interpretation and Application 
"Accountholder" means any accountholder or participant with a Clearing System which at the 
Relevant Date has credited to its securities account with such Clearing System one or more Entries 
in respect of a Global Note issued by the Issuer, except for any Clearing System in its capacity as 
an accountholder of another Clearing System. 
"Clearing System" means each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and any other 
clearing system specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking S.A. 
"Conditions" means the terms and conditions of the Notes, including those contained in the 
applicable Final Terms, as the same may be modified or supplemented in accordance with the 
terms thereof, and any reference to a numbered "Condition" is to the correspondingly numbered 
provision thereof. 
"Direct Rights" means the rights referred to in Clause 3 of the Deed of Covenant. 
"Entry" means, in relation to a Global Note issued by the Issuer, any entry which is made in the 
securities account of any Accountholder with a Clearing System in respect of Notes represented 
by such Global Note. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
"Global Note" has the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement. 
"Holder" means, in relation to any Note, at any time, the person who is the bearer of such Note. 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to the payment of any sum expressed to be payable by the 
Issuer, the date on which such payment first becomes due and payable. 
Terms defined in the Conditions have the same meanings in this Deed of Guarantee. 
Any reference in this Deed of Guarantee to any obligation or payment under or in respect of the 
Notes shall be construed to include a reference to any obligation or payment under or pursuant to 
Clause 3 of the Deed of Covenant. 
Any reference in this Deed of Guarantee to a Clause is, unless otherwise stated, to a clause hereof. 
Headings are inserted for convenience and ease of reference only and shall not affect the 
interpretation of this Deed of Guarantee. 
2. 
GUARANTEE  
2.1. 
The Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees: 
(a) 
to the Holder of each Note the due and punctual payment of the principal amount of the 
Notes and interest on the Notes from time to time payable by the Issuer to such Holder in 
respect of each Note as and when the same become due and payable and accordingly 
undertakes to pay to such Holder in the manner and currency prescribed by the Conditions

--- Page 73 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
for payments by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, the principal amount of the Notes and 
interest on the Notes which the Issuer is at any time liable to pay in respect of the Notes 
and which the Issuer has failed to pay; and 
(b) 
to each Accountholder the due and punctual payment of the principal amount of the Notes 
and interest on the Notes from time to time payable by the Issuer to such Accountholder 
in respect of the Direct Rights as and when the same become due and payable and 
accordingly undertakes to pay to such Accountholder in the manner and currency 
prescribed by the Conditions for payments by the Issuer in respect of the Notes, the 
principal amount of the Notes and interest on the Notes which the Issuer is at any time 
liable to pay to such Accountholder in respect of the Notes and which the Issuer has failed 
to pay, 
in each case, up to the amount of [currency][140% of the principal amount of the Notes]. 
2.2. 
The Guarantor undertakes to each Beneficiary that, if any sum referred to in Clause 2.1 is not 
recoverable from the Guarantor thereunder for any reason whatsoever (including, without 
limitation, by reason of any Note, the Deed of Covenant or any provision thereof being or 
becoming void, unenforceable or otherwise invalid under any applicable law), then 
(notwithstanding that the same may have been known to such Beneficiary) the Guarantor will pay 
such sum by way of a full indemnity in the manner and currency prescribed by the Conditions. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate independent obligation from the other obligations under this 
Deed of Guarantee and shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
2.3. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Clauses 2.1 and 2.2 hereof, it is specifically agreed 
that the place of performance of any and all obligations under the Deed of Guarantee shall be 
London, England and consequently any and all payments of the Guarantor under this Guarantee 
shall be made out of or to the credit of bank accounts maintained with banks legally operating and 
situated in London, England. 
2.4. 
This Deed of Guarantee expires one day after the date falling six months after the maturity date of 
the Notes.  
3. 
TAXATION 
If in respect of any payment to be made under this Deed of Guarantee, any withholding tax is payable, the 
Guarantor shall pay the additional amounts referred to in Condition 12, all subject to and in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 12. 
4. 
PRESERVATION OF RIGHTS 
4.1. 
The obligations of the Guarantor hereunder shall be deemed to be undertaken as principal obligor 
and not merely as surety. 
4.2. 
The obligations of the Guarantor hereunder shall be continuing obligations notwithstanding any 
settlement of account or other matter or thing whatsoever and, in particular but without limitation, 
shall not be considered satisfied by any intermediate payment or satisfaction of all or any of the 
Issuer's obligations under any Note or the Deed of Covenant and shall continue in full force and 
effect until all sums due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes and under the Deed of Covenant 
have been paid, and all other obligations of the Issuer thereunder have been satisfied, in full. 
4.3. 
Neither the obligations expressed to be assumed by the Guarantor herein nor the rights, powers 
and remedies conferred upon the Beneficiaries by this Deed of Guarantee or by law shall be 
discharged, impaired or otherwise affected by:

--- Page 74 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
(a) 
the winding up, liquidation, reorganisation, moratorium or dissolution of the Issuer or any 
change in its status, functioning, control or ownership or events of a similar nature under 
applicable law; 
(b) 
any of the obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes or the Deed of Covenant 
being or becoming illegal, invalid, ineffective or unenforceable; 
(c) 
time or other indulgence being granted or agreed to be granted to the Issuer in respect of 
any of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Deed of Covenant; 
(d) 
any amendment, novation, supplement, extension (whether of maturity or otherwise) or 
restatement (in each case, however fundamental and of whatsoever nature) or replacement, 
waiver or release of, any obligation of the Issuer under or in respect of any Note or the 
Deed of Covenant or any security or other guarantee or indemnity in respect thereof 
including without limitation any change in the purposes for which the proceeds of the issue 
of any Note are to be applied and any extension of or any increase of the obligations of 
the Issuer in respect of any Note or the addition of any new obligations for the Issuer under 
the Deed of Covenant; or 
(e) 
any other act, event or omission which, but for this sub-clause, might operate to discharge, 
impair or otherwise affect the obligations expressed to be assumed by the Guarantor herein 
or any of the rights, powers or remedies conferred upon the Beneficiaries or any of them 
by this Deed of Guarantee or by law. 
4.4. 
Any settlement or discharge between the Guarantor and the Beneficiaries or any of them shall be 
conditional upon no payment to the Beneficiaries or any of them by the Issuer or any other person 
on the Issuer's behalf being avoided or reduced by virtue of any provision or enactment relating to 
liquidation, winding-up or similar laws of general application for the time being in force and, in 
the event of any such payment being so avoided or reduced, the Beneficiaries shall be entitled to 
recover the amount by which such payment is so avoided or reduced from the Guarantor 
subsequently as if such settlement or discharge had not occurred. 
4.5. 
No Beneficiary shall be obliged before exercising any of the rights, powers or remedies conferred 
upon it by this Deed of Guarantee or by law: 
(a) 
to make any demand of the Issuer save for the presentation of the relevant Note; 
(b) 
to take any action or obtain judgment in any court against the Issuer; or 
(c) 
to make or file any claim or proof in a winding up or dissolution of the Issuer, 
and (save as aforesaid) the Guarantor hereby expressly waives presentment, demand, protest and 
notice of dishonour in respect of each Note. 
4.6. 
The Guarantor agrees that, so long as any sums are or may be owed by the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes or under the Deed of Covenant or the Issuer is under any other actual or contingent 
obligation thereunder or in respect thereof, the Guarantor will not exercise any right which the 
Guarantor may at any time have by reason of the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations 
hereunder: 
(a) 
to be indemnified by the Issuer; 
(b) 
to claim any contribution from any other guarantor of the Issuer's obligations under or in 
respect of the Notes or the Deed of Covenant;

--- Page 75 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
(c) 
to take the benefit (in whole or in part) of any security enjoyed in connection with the 
Notes or the Deed of Covenant by any Beneficiary; or 
(d) 
to be subrogated to the rights of any Beneficiary against the Issuer in respect of amounts 
paid by the Guarantor under this Deed of Guarantee or the Deed of Covenant. 
4.7. 
The Guarantor irrevocably undertakes that its obligations hereunder in respect of the Notes will 
constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor which 
will at all times rank at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, save for such obligations as may be preferred by 
mandatory provisions of applicable law. 
5. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Guarantor shall not, 
and shall not permit (to the extent the Guarantor has power to refuse such permission) any Agency to, create 
or permit to arise or subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) upon any of the 
Guarantor's assets or revenues, present or future, to secure any Relevant External Indebtedness of the 
Guarantor or of any other Person or any guarantee or indemnity of the Guarantor in respect of Relevant 
External Indebtedness of any other Person unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Guarantor's 
obligations under this Deed of Guarantee are secured equally and rateably therewith or have the benefit of 
such other arrangement as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
6. DEPOSIT OF DEED OF GUARANTEE 
An original of this Deed of Guarantee shall be deposited with and held by the Fiscal Agent until the expiry 
of the Guarantee. The Guarantor hereby acknowledges the right of every Beneficiary to the production of 
this Deed of Guarantee. 
7. STAMP DUTIES 
The Guarantor shall pay all stamp, registration and other similar taxes and duties (including any interest 
and penalties thereon or in connection therewith) which are payable upon or in connection with the 
execution and delivery of this Deed of Guarantee. 
8. 
BENEFIT OF DEED OF GUARANTEE 
8.1. 
This Deed of Guarantee shall take effect as a deed poll for the benefit of the Beneficiaries from 
time to time. 
8.2. 
This Deed of Guarantee shall enure to the benefit of each Beneficiary and its (and any subsequent) 
successors and assigns, each of which shall be entitled severally to enforce this Deed of Guarantee 
against the Guarantor. 
8.3. 
The Guarantor shall not be entitled to assign or transfer all or any of its rights, benefits and 
obligations hereunder. Each Beneficiary shall be entitled to assign all or any of its rights and 
benefits hereunder. 
9. 
PARTIAL INVALIDITY 
If at any time any provision hereof is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect under the 
laws of any applicable jurisdiction, neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining 
provisions hereof nor the legality, validity or enforceability of such provision under the laws of any other 
applicable jurisdiction shall in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

--- Page 76 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
10. 
NOTICES 
10.1. 
All notices and other communications to the Guarantor hereunder shall be made in writing (by 
letter or fax) and shall be sent to the Guarantor at: 
 
Ministry of Finance 
Guarantees and Sureties Department 
Address:  
ul. Świętokrzyska 12 
00-916 Warsaw 
Poland 
Tel: 
 
+48 22 694 4151 
Fax: 
 
+48 22 694 33 88 
Attention: 
Mr Jacek Barylski, Head of Guarantees and Sureties Department 
Email: 
 
Sekretariat.DG@mf.gov.pl 
or to such other address, telex number or fax number or for the attention of such other person or 
department as the Guarantor has notified to the Beneficiaries in the manner prescribed for the 
giving of notices in connection with the Notes. 
10.2. 
Every notice or other communication sent in accordance with Clause 10.1 shall be effective upon 
receipt by the Guarantor provided, however, that any such notice or other communication which 
would otherwise take effect after 4.00 p.m. on any particular day shall not take effect until 10.00 
a.m. on the immediately succeeding business day in the place of the Guarantor. 
11. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
11.1. 
This Deed of Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
it shall be governed by English law. 
11.2. 
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute, arising out of or in 
connection with this Deed of Guarantee (including a dispute relating to the existence, validity or 
termination of this Deed of Guarantee or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in 
connection with it) or the consequences of its nullity (a "Dispute") and the Guarantor irrevocably 
submits to the jurisdiction of the English court. 
11.3. 
The Guarantor agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to 
settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
11.4. 
The Guarantor agrees that the documents which start any proceedings relating to a Dispute 
("Proceedings") and any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings 
may be served on it by being delivered to the Ambassador of the Republic of Poland to the Court 
of St. James's, Embassy of the Republic of Poland in London, 47 Portland Place, London W1B 
1JH, England. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Beneficiary to serve process 
in any other manner permitted by law.  
11.5. 
The Guarantor consents generally in respect of any Proceedings to the giving of any relief or the 
issue of any process in connection with such Proceedings including (without limitation) the 
making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or 
intended use) of any order or judgment which is made or given in such Proceedings. 
11.6. 
To the extent that the Guarantor may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its assets or revenues 
immunity (whether sovereign, diplomatic or other) from suit, execution, attachment (whether in 
aid of execution, before judgment or otherwise) or other legal process and to the extent that such

--- Page 77 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
immunity (whether or not claimed) may be attributed in any such jurisdiction to the Guarantor or 
its assets or revenues, the Guarantor agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to 
the full extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdiction provided, however, that immunity is not 
waived in respect of present or future "premises of the mission" as defined in the Vienna 
Convention on Diplomatic Relations signed in 1961, "consular premises" as defined in the Vienna 
Convention on Consular Relations signed in 1963 or military property or military assets of the 
Guarantor. 
12. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
12.1. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Holders to consider matters 
relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of this Deed of Guarantee. Any 
such modification may be made by supplemental deed poll executed by the Guarantor if sanctioned 
by an Extraordinary Resolution and shall be binding on all Beneficiaries. 
12.2. 
This Deed of Guarantee has been executed in both the Polish and the English language. The parties 
agree that the English language version of this Deed of the Guarantee will be the binding version 
for the purposes of its construction. Accordingly, if there are any discrepancies between the Polish 
language version and the English language version of this Deed of Guarantee, the English language 
version will prevail. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Deed of Guarantee has been duly executed by the Guarantor as a deed and 
is intended to be and is hereby delivered on the date first before written.

--- Page 78 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for the purpose specified in the 
Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes.

--- Page 79 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly 
supplemented (if necessary), amended (if necessary) and completed to reflect the particular terms of the 
relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the 
Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any [person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor")] should take into consideration [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining [the/each] 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
                                                          
 
1 This would only be applicable for Notes other than Guaranteed Notes.

--- Page 80 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR 
[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) 
the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services - subject to the distributor's suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]. [Consider any negative target market.] Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either 
adopting or refining [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID 
II, as applicable.]] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK 
MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services - subject to the distributor's suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under UK MiFIR, as applicable]. [Consider any negative target market.] 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining [the/each] 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to 
the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook, as applicable.]] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore) (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital 
markets products "]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and ["Specified Investment 
Products"] / ["Excluded Investment Products"] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale

--- Page 81 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
BANK GOSPODARSTWA KRAJOWEGO 
LEI: 259400BCOV9JJIGLYF05 
(state bank incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Poland) 
[Guaranteed by 
THE STATE TREASURY OF THE REPUBLIC OF POLAND 
pursuant to a Deed of Guarantee dated []] 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms used 
herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Offering 
Circular dated 23 December 2021 [as supplemented by the supplemental Offering Circular dated [•]] 
([together,] the "Offering Circular") [which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation")]2. These Final Terms contain the 
final terms of the Notes [described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] 3 and must be read 
in conjunction with the Offering Circular in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under an Offering Circular with an earlier date: 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Offering Circular dated [4 May 2016]/[24 October 2017]/[14 May 2018]/[22 
December 2020]. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction 
with the Offering Circular dated 23 December 2021 [as supplemented by the supplemental Offering 
Circular dated [•]] [([together,] the "Offering Circular")] in order to obtain all the relevant information 
[which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"), save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the 
Offering Circular dated [4 May 2016]/[24 October 2017]/[14 May 2018]/[22 December 2020] and are 
incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular.].4 This document constitutes the final terms relating to 
the issue of Notes [described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] 5. 
[End of alternative language] 
The Offering Circular has been published and these Final Terms will be published, in each case, on 
www.bourse.lu. 
                                                          
 
2 To include for Notes other than Guaranteed Notes only. 
3 To include for Notes other than Guaranteed Notes only. 
4 To include for Notes other than Guaranteed Notes only. 
5 To include for Notes other than Guaranteed Notes only.

--- Page 82 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranche(s)] on [the Issue 
Date/the exchange date of the Temporary Global 
Covered Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Covered Note which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
3. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[•] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche: 
[•] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
6. 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
[(ii)] 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date/other date (specify)/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[Specify reference rate] +/-[•] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (but excluding) [•] 
paragraph [14]/[15] applies and for the period 
from (and including) [•] up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date paragraph [14]/[15] applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call]

--- Page 83 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
13. 
Date 
of 
Supervisory 
Board 
and 
Management Board approval for issuance of 
Notes: 
[•] and [•], respectively 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year commencing on [•] up to (and 
including) [the Maturity Date/other date (specify)] 
[[adjusted 
for 
payment 
purposes 
only 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention and any applicable Business Centre(s) 
for the definition of "Business Day"]/[, Not 
Adjusted]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)]/[other]6 
 
(vi) 
Other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest for Fixed 
Rate Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Consider if day count fraction, particularly for 
Euro denominated issues, should be on an 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) basis. Also consider what 
should happen to unmatured Coupons in the event 
of early redemption of the Notes.) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
[(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[•]] 
 
 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather 
than Specified Interest Payment Dates, will only 
be relevant if the Business Day Convention is the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
                                                          
 
6  
If the applicable Day Count Fraction is 30/360, 30E/360 or Eurobond basis and the intention is that the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
apply, then this should be specified in Item 31 (Other terms or special conditions) as the 2000 ISDA Definitions is the 
"default" definition pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. If the applicable Day Count Fraction is 30E/360 
(ISDA), then the 2006 ISDA Definitions will apply and this should be specified in Item 31.

--- Page 84 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not 
Applicable") 
 
[(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[•]] 
 
 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention insert "Not 
Applicable") 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Specify applicable Business Day Convention/ 
Not Adjusted] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/ 
other (give details)] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need 
to specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this 
function)] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[For example EURIBOR] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[For example, Reuters page EURIBOR01] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. Brussels time] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[For example, Euro-zone (where Euro-zone means 
the region comprised of the countries whose 
lawful currency is the euro)] 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)]/[other]7 
 
(xiii) 
Fall back provisions, rounding 
provisions, denominator and any 
[•] 
                                                          
 
7  
If the applicable Day Count Fraction is 30/360, 30E/360 or Eurobond basis and the intention is that the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
apply, then this should be specified in Item 31 (Other terms or special conditions) as the 2000 ISDA Definitions is the 
"default" definition pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. If the applicable Day Count Fraction is 30E/360 
(ISDA), then the 2006 ISDA Definitions will apply and this should be specified in Item 31.

--- Page 85 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest on Floating 
Rate Notes, if different from those 
set out in the Conditions: 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable: 
[Consider whether it is necessary to specify a Day 
Count Fraction for the purposes of Condition 
8(b)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
(Call): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call) of each Note and method, if 
any, 
of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[•] 
18. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
(Put): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Put) of each Note and method, if 
any, 
of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[•] 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[[•] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 86 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
20. 
Early Termination Amount 
 
 
Early Termination Amount(s) payable on 
event of default and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or if 
different 
from that set 
out in the 
Conditions): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable (if the 
Early Termination Amount is the principal amount 
of the Notes/specify the Early Termination Amount 
if different from the principal amount of the 
Notes)] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes8: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note.] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice.] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note.]] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
Global Note registered in the name of a nominee 
for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
22. 
New Global Note form: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this item 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not 
interest period end dates, to which items 15(ii) and 
16(vii) relate] 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
25. 
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 22 
(Redenomination, 
Renominalisation 
and 
Reconventioning)] [annexed to these Final Terms] 
apply] 
26. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(If 2006 ISDA Definitions are to be applied, 
indicate this here. If 2000 ISDA Definitions are to 
be applied, no comment is necessary.) 
                                                          
 
8  
The exchange upon expiry of a period of notice or at any time options referred to above should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes includes language substantially to the following effect: "€100,000 and 
integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and including €199,000". Furthermore, such Specified Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary Bearer 
Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes.

--- Page 87 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[•] has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [•], no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of BANK GOSPODARSTWA KRAJOWEGO: 
 
By:   ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 88 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Luxembourg/other (specify other market, only a 
market in a jurisdiction to which the Base 
Prospectus 
was 
passported 
can 
be 
specified)/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the [regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange/other (specify other 
market, only a market in a jurisdiction to which the 
Base Prospectus was passported can be specified)] 
with effect from [•].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading.) 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be] rated]/[The Issuer's unsecured, 
unsubordinated long-term debt securities have been rated]: 
 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: 
[•] 
 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH: 
[•] 
 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: 
[•] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
[[•] is established in the EEA and certified under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended.]/[[•] is not established in the EEA but the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [•], which is established in the EEA and certified under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended.]/[[•] is not established in the EEA but is certified under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009, as amended.]/[include alternative disclosure on Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 or 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]. 
[include definitions of ratings assigned] 
3. 
[INTEREST OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the 
Guarantor ]and [its][their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Amend as appropriate if 
there are other interests.] 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATE OF THE 
TOTAL EXPENSES RELATED TO THE ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Use of proceeds: 
The net proceeds from the issue of Notes will be 
applied by the Issuer for [specify use of proceeds]. 
 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•]

--- Page 89 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.) 
 
[(iii)] Estimated total expenses related to 
the admission to trading: 
[•] [Include breakdown of expenses.] 
 
 
(Only necessary to include disclosure of net 
proceeds and total expenses at (ii) and (iii) above 
where disclosure is included at (i) above.) 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes Only — YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes Only — HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from [Reuters].] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
Stabilising Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S Category [1/2] 
 
TEFRA: 
[Not Applicable/The TEFRA [C/D] Rules are 
applicable] 
 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary]. 
As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and 
benchmarks) 
of 
the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation]/ 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name of 
administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
Common Code: 
[•]

--- Page 90 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)] [include this text for registered notes] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper)] [include this text 
for registered notes]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
 
 
[Not Applicable (in the case of Notes issued in 
CGN form)] 
 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/specify]

--- Page 91 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global 
Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of 
a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may 
be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global 
Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered 
Note is held by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that 
depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common 
depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each 
an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the 
Issuer or (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor to the holder of such Global Note or Global 
Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising under such Global Note or Global Registered 
Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under 
the Global Note or Global Registered Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so 
long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders 
shall have no claim directly against the Issuer or (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor in 
respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer and (if the Notes are Guaranteed 
Notes) the Guarantor will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered 
Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a 
summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate 
or Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest 
accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the (i) 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto 
and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and (ii) Global Registered Note, the Issuer shall procure that if such Note is held under the 
NSS, the payment is entered into pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, shall be, if the 
currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency

--- Page 92 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System 
Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being 
held is open for business. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(e) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder 
of a Global Registered Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the 
relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal 
amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable 
and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, 
the Permanent Global Note or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount 
specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected 
as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), 
or the Global Registered Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes 
are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or 
regulations, such notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 93 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER AND OVERVIEW OF THE 
GROUP'S FINANCIAL CONDITION 
Presentation of financial information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Offering Circular relating to the Group has 
been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial years ended 
2020 and 2019. Unless indicated otherwise, all financial data of the Group for 2019 is presented on a 
restated basis, as disclosed in the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
The Group's financial year ends on 31 December and references in this Offering Circular to any specific 
year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Group's financial statements have 
been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union. 
Selected financial information 
The Group’s net profit for 2020 was PLN 366.6 million and it was PLN 23.6 million lower than the net 
profit for 2019. Lower performance was mainly attributed to a PLN 153.5 million increase in impairment 
losses and provisions resulting from a larger loan portfolio and a conservative approach to recognition and 
measurement of credit risk. 
Net interest, fee and commission income for 2020 was PLN 1,199.1 million and was PLN 27.2 million 
higher than in 2019. The increase is attributable mainly to BGK’s performance, which improved by PLN 
27.7 million as compared to 2019. 
Net income on financial instruments and investments in financial assets for 2020 was PLN 256.9 million 
and was PLN 51.5 million higher compared to the result achieved in 2019. The main factor contributing to 
the increase were the foreign exchange gains of PLN 119.7 million, PLN 69.4 million higher than in 2019. 
Net other operating income for 2020 amounted to PLN 21.4 million and was PLN 170.4 million lower than 
in 2019. The main factors affecting the net other operating income were the adjustment of valuation of the 
loans related to housing support programmes (former National Housing Fund) and a decrease in the 
valuation of investment property by 51.4 million. 
General administrative expenses of the Group in 2020 were PLN 624.1 million and were PLN 23.3 million 
higher than in 2019. Higher general administrative expenses resulted from continuation of the initiatives 
designed to improve the efficiency of BGK’s operations and increase in the scale of BGK’s business 
operations. 
Net impairment losses and provisions results of the Group for 2020 amounted to PLN 384.9 million and 
were PLN 153.5 million lower compared to 2019. This increase is a result of higher credit exposure and a 
conservative approach to credit risk. 
The share of profit or loss of associates of the BGK Group in 2020 amounted to a loss of PLN 25 million 
and was PLN 243.6 million higher compared to that reported for 2019. The change in relation to the 
previous year resulted from the current valuation of investments implemented by funds managed by PFR 
TFI S.A. 
Tax expense for 2020 was PLN 80.4 million and was PLN 11.4 million higher than in 2019. 
The balance sheet total reported in the statement of financial position as at the end of 2020 was PLN 
160,325.5 million. The largest component of assets were debt securities and derivatives, with a share of 
40.5 per cent., whose carrying amount as at the end of 2020 was PLN 64,953.6 million, having increased 
by 315.3 per cent. year on year. The second largest component of assets in 2020 were gross loans and bonds

--- Page 94 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
(commercial and municipal), with a share of 28.7 per cent., whose carrying amount as at the end of 2020 
was PLN 45,864.0 million, having increased by 4.3 per cent. year on year. 
Net equity investments as at the end of 2020 were PLN 5,879.8 million, accounting for 3.7 per cent. of total 
assets. 
Liabilities to customers had the largest share in liabilities and equity of the Group, representing 72.4 per 
cent. of total liabilities and equity as at the end of 2020. Liabilities to customers as at the end of 2020 were 
PLN 116,138.1 million, up by 94.5 per cent. year on year. The higher share of liabilities to customers in 
liabilities and equity, which was up by 13.1 per cent., resulted from the increase in liabilities and the balance 
sheet total of the Group. 
The share of total equity of the Group in total liabilities and equity fell by 3.6 percentage points, to 14.9 per 
cent., mainly as a result of increase of the Group’s total liabilities and equity by 59.5 per cent. 
The value of liabilities arising from the issue of securities of the Group was PLN 4,859.4 million as at the 
end of 2020. As at the end of 2019, liabilities to banks were PLN 7,251.5 million. 
Group financial information for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 
Continuing operations 
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
(in PLN thousand) 
Interest income 
1,508,329 
2,212,331 
Interest income calculated with the use of the 
effective interest rate method 
1,382,181 
2,034,993 
Income of similar nature to interest income on 
instruments at fair value through profit or loss 
126,148 
177,338 
Interest expense 
(557,179) 
(1,258,919) 
Net interest income 
951,150 
953,412 
Fee and commission income 
260,596 
231,479 
Fee and commission expense 
(12,565) 
(12,882) 
Net fee and commission income 
248,031 
218,597 
Net gains (losses) on financial instruments at fair 
value through profit or loss and foreign exchange 
gains (losses) 
115,270 
119,690 
Net gains (losses) on investments in financial assets 
141,652 
85,697 
Net gains (losses) on modifications 
3,522 
(9,171) 
Other operating income 
138,858 
235,770 
Other operating expenses 
(117,482) 
(43,945) 
General administrative expenses 
(624,147) 
(600,816) 
Net impairment losses and provisions 
(384,902) 
(231,415) 
Operating result 
471,952 
727,819 
Share of profit or loss of associates 
(24,968) 
(268,622) 
Profit before tax 
446,984 
459,197 
Income tax 
(80,414) 
(68,990) 
Net profit 
366,570 
390,207 
Net profit attributable to the owner of the parent 
entity 
367,297 
390,132

--- Page 95 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
Net profit/loss attributable to non-controlling 
interests 
(727) 
75 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(in PLN thousands) 
Net profit 
366,570 
390,207 
Other comprehensive income 
(42,249) 
(105,645) 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to 
profit or loss 
88,732 
8,557 
Revaluation of financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income, including: 
94,171 
10,425 
Deferred tax on financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
(17,899) 
(1,994) 
Share in other comprehensive income of associates, 
gross 
1,916 
0 
Deferred tax on share in other comprehensive income 
of associates 
(364) 
0 
Foreign exchange gains or losses on translating 
subordinates 
13,373 
126 
Deferred tax on foreign exchange gains or losses on 
translating subordinates 
(2,465) 
0 
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to 
profit or loss 
(130,981) 
(114,202) 
Revaluation of equity instruments designated as at 
fair value through other comprehensive income, 
including: 
(159,426) 
(137,861) 
Deferred tax on revaluation of equity instruments 
designated as at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
30,630 
26,159 
Property, plant and equipment and investment 
property, including: 
(1,476) 
(67) 
Deferred tax on property, plant and equipment 
and investment property 
280 
13 
Gains and losses to measurement of defined benefit 
plans, including: 
(1,221) 
(3,020) 
Deferred tax on measurement of defined benefit 
plans 
232 
574 
Total net comprehensive income 
324,321 
284,562 
Net comprehensive income attributable to the 
owner of the parent entity 
325,048 
284,487 
Net comprehensive income attributable to non-
controlling interests 
(727) 
75 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(in PLN thousands) 
ASSETS

--- Page 96 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
Cash and balances with the Central Bank 
32,262,257 
22,729,376 
Amounts due from banks 
5,606,383 
6,938,693 
Derivative financial instruments 
997,397 
574,907 
Securities: 
76,902,180 
28,311,229 
held for trading 
19,675 
1,666 
not held for trading measured at fair value 
through profit or loss 
880,771 
821,198 
measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
55,769,263 
20,090,431 
measured at amortised cost 
20,232,471 
7,397,934 
Reverse repurchase agreements 
4,207,234 
5,301,537 
Loans and advances to customers: 
33,451,675 
30,912,329 
measured at amortised cost 
33,349,409 
30,787,459 
obligatorily measured at fair value through profit 
or loss 
102,266 
124,870 
Investments in associates 
4,378,771 
3,652,833 
Intangible assets 
69,424 
54,982 
Property, plant and equipment 
129,763 
132,360 
Right-of-use assets 
104,779 
45,843 
Investment property 
1,711,266 
1,501,811 
Current tax receivables 
513 
0 
Deferred tax assets 
325,237 
247,376 
Other assets 
178,660 
117,964 
Total assets 
160,325,539 
100,521,240 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
Amounts due to banks 
3,907,897 
4,119,646 
Derivative financial instruments 
1,324,800 
611,330 
Liabilities to customers 
116,138,086 
59,701,374 
Repurchase agreements 
5,817,989 
9,113,388 
Debt securities issued 
4,859,446 
7,251,523 
Lease liabilities 
113,162 
43,099 
Other liabilities 
3,641,696 
478,983 
Current tax liabilities 
47,088 
80,208 
Deferred tax liabilities 
31,342 
25,982 
Provisions 
520,062 
441,790 
Total liabilities 
136,401,568 
81,867,323 
Equity 
 
 
Statutory capital 
21,692,215 
16,646,945 
Supplementary capital 
1,569,548 
1,134,443 
Revaluation reserve 
104,457 
146,706 
Other capital reserves 
232,330 
232,330 
Retained earnings/accumulated loss 
(65,578) 
88,809 
Net profit (loss) for the current year 
367,297 
390,132 
Equity attributable to the owner of the parent 
entity 
23,900,269 
18,639,365 
Non-controlling interests 
23,702 
14,552 
Total equity 
23,923,971 
18,653,917 
Total liabilities and equity 
160,325,539 
100,521,240

--- Page 97 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Overview 
BGK is the only Polish state bank (in Polish: bank państwowy). BGK was established as a credit institution 
in 1924 under the Decree of the President of the Republic of Poland dated 30 May 1924 on Merging State 
Credit Institutions into Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego. BGK's registered office and principal place of 
business is at Al. Jerozolimskie 7, 00-955 Warsaw, Poland. The correspondence address of BGK is at 
VARSO 2, ul. Chmielna 73, 00-801 Warsaw, Poland. The telephone number is +48 22 596 59 99. 
BGK is controlled by the State Treasury of the Republic of Poland (the "State Treasury"). Under the Act 
dated 14 March 2003 on Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego (the "Act"), BGK is not subject to Polish 
bankruptcy laws and all of BGK's assets and liabilities would be taken over by the State Treasury if BGK 
was ever liquidated. 
BGK’s Group focuses its activities in several main areas: 
• 
carrying out activities supporting the economic growth of Poland by financing infrastructure 
projects and local government projects and by co-financing the foreign expansion of Polish 
companies and providing export financing; 
• 
initiating and implementing actions aimed at supporting the economic growth and development of 
Polish enterprises; 
• 
stimulating the use of capital by participating in financing consortia and assisting with structuring 
new transactions in Poland; 
• 
providing financing to fill the market gap in key areas of the Polish economy by financing high 
risk projects of significant economic importance and by supporting sectors which might not be 
able to obtain financing from commercial lenders; and 
• 
finances consolidating public, managing European Union programmes and distributing European 
Union funds on a regional and national scale. 
The BGK Group’s activities have a multidimensional development context. The implementation of 
activities in one area, such as financing reindustrialisation, has a positive impact on other areas, i.e. on 
labour market development, reduction of the unemployment rate or increase in state budget revenue. The 
BGK Group’s infrastructure projects improve the quality and accessibility of services to the public and 
have a positive impact on the environment and the economy. 
The BGK Group carries out its activities in a responsible and sustainable manner, while maintaining a 
reasonable risk appetite. Planned projects are analysed in terms of risk and their impact on the Poland’s 
sustainable economic growth. In 2020, the liquidity of BGK was at a safe level and its level of capital 
adequacy was monitored using capital adequacy ratios determined in line with the Banking Law and the 
CRR (Capital Requirements Regulation).

--- Page 98 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
Group 
The chart below shows the structure of the Group as at the date of this Offering Circular: 
• 
Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego is the parent entity of the Group. 
• 
In December 2021 BGK sold two funds (Fundusz Sektora Mieszkań dla Rozwoju FIZAN and 
Fundusz Sektora Mieszkań na Wynajem FIZAN) to Polski Fundusz Rozwoju. 
• 
Fundusz Ekspansji Zagranicznej FIZAN is a closed-end fund that supports foreign expansion 
by investing jointly with Polish partners in projects related to the establishment of new or the 
acquisition of existing companies outside Poland. Its investment objective is mainly to purchase 
and subscribe for shares and debt securities issued by such project companies, advancing loans to 
project companies as well as providing sureties and guarantees at the request of project companies. 
• 
Vinci Spółka Akcyjna is a company established in 2021 for the sole purpose of managing 
alternative investment companies financed by BGK. Vinci’s goal is to fill the market gaps in the 
financing of Polish enterprises and to increase the competitiveness of Polish economy through 
seeking, structuring and managing investment projects implemented through managed investment 
vehicles.  
• 
Vinci S.A. HiTech Alternatywna Spółka Inwestycyjna S.K.A. is the first investment vehicle 
operating in the form of alternative investment company established and funded by BGK. HiTech 
ASI’s investments will contribute to supporting pro-innovative activity as well as securing national 
technological ideas. The company is managed by Vinci S.A. 
Vinci Spółka Akcyjna, Vinci S.A. HiTech Alternatywna Spółka Inwestycyjna S.K.A and Fundusz 
Ekspansji Zagranicznej FIZAN are consolidated using the full method, which means that all of their assets, 
liabilities and equity are transferred to BGK’s balance sheet and all of their revenues and expenses are 
transferred to BGK's income statement. 
Bank Gospodarstwa 
Krajowego
Vinci S.A.
Vinci S.A. HiTech ASI S.K.A.
Fundusz Ekspansji Zagranicznej 
FIZ AN

--- Page 99 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
BGK's Relationship with the State Treasury 
BGK is a state bank and is controlled by the State Treasury. The State Treasury exercises control over BGK 
mainly through BGK's Supervisory Board, which is composed of representatives of various parts of the 
government responsible for managing State Treasury matters, the economy, construction and housing, 
transportation and regional development. The chairperson and members of the Supervisory Board are 
appointed by the Prime Minister. The Supervisory Board has broad powers, including the power to repeal 
the resolutions of BGK's Management Board. 
Under the Act, the Minister of Finance is obliged to provide BGK with funds to facilitate the execution of 
BGK's activities and funds to maintain its liquidity ratio. To enable BGK to raise additional funds, the 
Minister of Finance may issue, on behalf of the State Treasury, a guarantee covering the repayment of loans 
and credit lines granted to BGK and BGK's liabilities under debt securities issued by BGK.  
The Supervisory Board decides on the distribution of BGK's annual profit. The profit may, among others, 
be retained as reserve capital, paid to the state budget or used for other purposes specified by the 
Supervisory Board. 
BGK's Strategy for 2021-2025 
Under BGK's strategy for 2021-2025, BGK’s role as a development bank is to support sustainable 
development by providing relevant stimuli and supplementing the commercial banking sector in providing 
financing. BGK responds to the main development challenges by cooperating with market participants and, 
where required, stabilising the market. BGK’s vision is to become a leader in sustainable development 
programmes. This vision is being implemented through the following external strategy pillars: sustainable 
development, social engagement, international cooperation and business and the following internal strategy 
pillars: digital and process transformation and effective management model. 
BGK’s cooperation with international public institutions 
Below is a summuary of BGK’s cooperation with international public institutions. A detailed description 
is included in point 4.10 (Cooperation with international public institutions) of the Issuer’s management 
board report on the Group’s activities in 2020, incorporated by reference herein. 
European Investment Bank (“EIB”) 
The EIB remains BGK’s main EU partner in the provision of funding for programmes, funds and own 
activities. The EIB loan agreements signed with BGK amount to PLN 4.6 billion for financing the National 
Road Fund as well as PLN 2.7 billion for financing BGK’s own projects. 
European Investment Fund (“EIF”) 
BGK cooperates with the EIF in various fields. The EIF, as part of EIB’s group, implements programmes 
and the disbursement of EU funds, e.g. through the the European Fund for Strategic Investments (“EFSI”), 
to provide support for SMEs. Under the EFSI and within the framework of cooperation with EIF, BGK 
provides COSME guarantees to SMEs with the EIF counter-guarantee. COSME guarantees are described 
in detail in the sub-section entitled “Sureties and guarantees” below. 
BGK also cooperates with EIF within the framework of Creative Europe guarantee programme dedicated 
to education, media and art and culture sectors. Under this programme, BGK provides guarantees to 
institutions active in these sectors with the EIF counter-guarantee.

--- Page 100 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
In December 2020, BGK applied to the EIF to join a counter-gurantee programme of the Pan-European 
Guarantee Fund, backing guarantees for leases. The guarantees for leases supplement the BGK’s portfolio 
of guarantees relating to mitigating the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
BGK also continued its activities within the framework of the EUR 90 million Polish Growth Fund of 
Funds established together with the EIF. The fund invests in investment funds that provide funding to 
business entities at the stage of growth or expansion. 
Cooperation with the EIF is also implemented at the ownership level. As at the date of this Offering 
Circular, BGK holds eight shares in the EIF, which constitute 0.1 per cent. of the EIF’s share capital and is 
its only Polish shareholder. 
Multilateral cooperation with public development institutions and international associations and 
organisations 
In 2020, BGK continued its active cooperation with public banks and development institutions forming part 
of the associations named below. The associations have no commercial purpose and pursue non-profit-
making objectives at the international level, focussing on representing, promoting and defending the shared 
interests of its members. 
In 2020, BGK was a member of six international associations: 
• 
European Association of Public Banks; 
• 
European Association of Guarantee Institutions; 
• 
European Long-Term Investors Association; 
• 
International Project Finance Association; 
• 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association; and 
• 
Network of European Financial Institutions for SMEs. 
Collaboration as part of the Three Seas Initiative and the Three Seas Initiative Investment Fund 
The Three Seas Initiative Investment Fund is a financial instrument established to support the 
implementation of major commercial infrastructure projects and was inspired by the assumptions of the 
Three Seas Initiative established by the Presidents of Poland and Croatia in collaboration with the 
Presidents of the region’s ten other states: Austria, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, 
Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia, and Slovenia. The primary objective of the Three Seas Initiative Investment 
Fund is to invest in commercial projects in the area of transport, energy, and digital infrastructure on the 
north-south axis in the Three Seas Region states and projects that improve the economic potential and 
reduce differences in the development of the Three Seas Region states and Western European states. 
BGK is the largest shareholder in the Fundraising for the Three Seas Initiative Investment Fund. BGK’s 
declared contribution to the Fund is EUR 750 million. Fundraising for the Three Seas Initiative Investment 
Fund is not closed yet and the fund is developing a revised fundraising strategy and seeks commitments 
from new investors. 
Cooperation with the European Commission 
In December 2020 the European Commission’s Directorate-General for Economic and Financial Affairs 
confirmed that BGK passed the pillar assessment accreditation procedure. This will facilitate BGK’s access

--- Page 101 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
to EU funds and budgetary guarantees under direct management, including the InvestEU guarantee 
programme. 
Activities 
The Group’s operations include: 
• 
banking activities, primarily in the form of lending and surety activities, as well as the maintenance 
of accounts and deposits; 
• 
commissioned activities related to supporting the State Treasury and managing government and 
EU programmes; and 
• 
investment activities. 
The Issuer, as a state development bank, is the key institution supporting the State Treasury in the 
administration of social and economic government programmes intended to promote entrepreneurship as 
well as infrastructure and housing projects at the national, regional and local level. In addition to conducting 
banking activities, the Issuer actively cooperates with governmental ministries and Polish development 
institutions.  
The Issuer carries out government tasks on the basis of acts and agreements with ministries, including 
through funds established, entrusted or transferred to the Issuer for which, by virtue of law, the Issuer keeps 
separate accounting books and prepares separate financial statements. These include, among others, cash 
flow funds related to the management and administration of cash flows which are not recognised in the 
Issuer’s statement of financial position and the statement of profit or loss. These cash flow funds are the 
National Road Fund, Railway Fund, Thermal Modernization and Refurbishment Fund, Subsidy Fund, 
Student Loan Fund, Borrower Support Fund, National Guarantee Fund, Polish Science Fund and Inland 
Waterways Fund, COVID-19 Response Fund, Liquidity Guarantee Fund, Interest Subsidy Fund and Tourist 
Refund Fund, which are described in detail below in the subsection entitled “Funds”. 
Through the cash flow funds mentioned above and cooperation with surety funds and Korporacja 
Ubezpieczeń Kredytów Eksportowych S.A., a Polish insurance company established by the State Treasury 
to support export activities of Polish companies, the Issuer also supports the development of 
entrepreneurship by providing sureties and facilitating the export of Polish goods and services. 
The Group’s operations are divided into the following reporting segments: 
• 
"Treasury and asset-liability management", which comprises liquidity and financial risk 
management (including interbank deposits and placements, repo, buy-sell-back and sell-buy-back 
transactions, money bills, treasury bonds, commercial bank bonds, nostro account and the account 
at the National Bank of Poland, and derivatives), deposit and derivative services at the request of 
the Ministry of Finance as well as financing BGK’s operations in the medium and long term (loans 
obtained from financial institutions and issues of debt securities). This segment also includes 
gains/losses from internal fund transfer pricing settlements with the remaining segments. The 
internal fund transfers are based on transfer pricing rates determined by reference to market rates 
and the cost of liquidity, while inter-segment transactions are made on arm’s-length terms. 
• 
"Public Sector", which comprises transactions with central and local government institutions, 
excluding those items which fall within the scope of the Settlement and Treasury segment and are 
related to deposits and derivatives for the Ministry of Finance. The main clients in this segment 
are local government units, central budget entities, and public health care institutions. The key 
products in this segment are loans, underwriting issuances of debt securities as well as current 
accounts and term deposits.

--- Page 102 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
• 
"Corporate", which covers services and products for private companies and state-owned 
enterprises, municipal companies, private health care institutions, as well as entities supporting 
BGK’s export finance and construction support activities. The key products in this segment are 
corporate loans and project finance products (offered individually or as part of a consortium) in 
the form of loans and underwriting issuances of debt securities, sureties and guarantees as well as 
current accounts and term deposits. 
• 
"Other activities", which comprises the Group’s investment activities, mainly in the form of 
acquired investment fund certificates, shares (mainly in subsidiaries) and their effect on the 
consolidated financial statements, other shares, and investment property. Additionally, this 
segment presents items related to and the performance of the funds and programmes administered 
by BGK as well as items that are not recognised in any other segment, such as transactions with 
financial sector entities other than banks, or services provided to individuals, which are being 
discontinued. 
The table below shows certain segment information for 2020 and 2019 that is derived from note 3 to the 
2020 Consolidated Financial Statements. For a more detailed description of how the segment information 
has been prepared, see note 3 to the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
Information on operating 
segments for the year ended 
31 December 2020 
Continuing operations 
Treasury 
and asset-
liability 
management 
Public 
Sector 
Corporate 
Other 
activities 
Total 
Group 
 
(in PLN thousand) 
Net interest income 
256,197 
145,785 
504,558 
44,610 
951,150 
Net fee and commission 
income/expense 
-1,390 
87,942 
167,240 
-5,761 
248,031 
Net gain/loss on financial 
instruments at fair value 
through profit or loss and 
investments in financial assets 
197,118 
38,757 
-28,585 
49,632 
256,922 
Income from banking 
activities 
451,925 
272,484 
643,213 
88,481 
1,456,103 
Other operating income and 
expenses 
465 
-1,259 
-320 
22,490 
21,376 
Net gains (losses) on 
modifications 
0 
470 
2,910 
142 
3,522 
General administrative 
expenses* 
-37,514 
-230,227 
-218,608 
-137,798 
-624,147 
Net impairment losses and 
provisions 
2,233 
25,514 
-358,853 
-53,796 
-384,902 
Operating result 
417,109 
66,982 
68,342 
-80,481 
471,952 
Share of profit or loss of 
associates 
0 
0 
0 
-24,968 
-24,968 
Profit before tax 
417,109 
66,982 
68,342 
-105,449 
446,984 
Income tax 
 
 
 
 
-80,414 
Net profit 
 
 
 
 
366,570 
* General administrative expenses were allocated to each client segment based on the cost of internal 
services determined in line with the allocation model adopted by BGK. 
Information on operating 
segments for the year ended 
31 December 2019 
Continuing operations 
Treasury 
and asset-
liability 
management 
Public 
Sector 
Corporate 
Other 
activities 
Total 
Group 
 
(in PLN thousand)

--- Page 103 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
Net interest income 
136,469 
222,964 
592,509 
1,470 
953,412 
Net fee and commission 
income/expense 
-1,879 
86,999 
139,488 
-6,011 
218,597 
Net gain/loss on financial 
instruments at fair value 
through profit or loss and 
investments in financial assets 
44,276 
19,866 
24,008 
117,237 
205,387 
Income from banking 
activities 
178,866 
329,829 
756,005 
112,696 
1,377,396 
Other operating income and 
expenses 
0 
-644 
93,353 
99,116 
191,825 
Net gains (losses) on 
modifications 
-190 
904 
-9,985 
100 
-9,171 
General administrative 
expenses* 
-23,658 
-214,510 
-208,004 
-154,644 
-600,816 
Net impairment losses and 
provisions 
-1,580 
-33,187 
-200,220 
3,572 
-231,415 
Operating result 
153,438 
82,392 
431,149 
60,840 
727,819 
Share of profit or loss of 
associates 
0 
0 
0 
-268,622 
-268,622 
Profit before tax 
153,438 
82,392 
431,149 
-207,782 
459,197 
Income tax 
 
 
 
 
-68,990 
Net profit 
 
 
 
 
390,207 
Other operating income and 
expenses 
0 
-644 
93,353 
99,116 
191,825 
* General administrative expenses were allocated to each client segment based on the cost of internal 
services determined in line with the allocation model adopted by BGK. 
Lending Activity 
A detailed description of the Issuer’s lending activity is included in point 4.2 (Lending activity of BGK) and 
4.3 (Lending policy of BGK) of the Issuer’s management board report on the Group’s activities in 2020, 
incorporated by reference herein. 
BGK extends credit (in the form of loans and bonds) to a wide group of borrowers, including corporates 
and local communities. It is involved in the financing of local government entities, utility companies and 
healthcare institutions, and in the implementation of programmes aimed at facilitating access to the housing 
market and increasing the availability of housing in Poland. 
The gross value of BGK’s credit exposures in the year ended 31 December 2020 reached PLN 45,935 
million. The year-on-year increase was PLN 1,911 million, which was related mainly to the area of 
financing of local government institutions and municipal companies, healthcare entities, structured 
financing and export and foreign expansion financing. 
The table below presents the portfolio of credit exposures by business line. 
 
 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
Change versus 2019 
 
As at 
Structure 
As at 
Structure 
in 
nominal 
terms 
% 
 
(in PLN million) 
Loans and bonds 
(municipal and 
commercial), gross* 
45,935.0 
100% 
44,024.0 
100% 
1,911.0 
4.3 
Financial sector entities 
1,545.9 
3.4% 
1,553.9 
3.5% 
-8.0 
-0.5 
Non-financial sector 
entities 
31,234.7 
68.0% 
30,969.2 
70.3% 
265.5 
0.9% 
individuals 
35.1 
0.1% 
36.6 
0.1% 
-1.5 
-4.1%

--- Page 104 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
businesses 
31,199.5 
67.9% 
30,932.6 
70.3% 
266.9 
0.9% 
Public sector entities 
13,154.4 
28.6% 
11,501.0 
26.1% 
1,653.4 
14.4% 
central government entities 
732.4 
1.6% 
468.8 
1.1% 
263.6 
56.2% 
local government entities 
12,422.0 
27.0% 
11,032.2 
25.1% 
1,389.8 
12.6% 
* the item includes loans, municipal bonds and commercial bonds 
Deposit taking 
A detailed description of the Issuer’s deposit activity is included in point 4.4 (Deposit activities of BGK) 
and 4.11 (Public finance consolidation management) of the Issuer’s management board report on the 
Group’s activities in 2020, incorporated by reference herein. 
The majority of BGK's deposit activity is focused on maintaining accounts for the Polish state and state-
related entities. BGK also provides deposit services to local governments and the entities they control. 
In 2020, BGK saw a year-on-year increase in the balance of deposits, from PLN 59,821.3 million to PLN 
116,257.8 million, ie by 94.3 per cent. In terms of value, the most considerable increase of PLN 24,150.4 
million (up by 106.3 per cent. year on year) was recorded in the non-financial segment. In 2020, the value 
of deposits made by central budget units went up by PLN 22,848.0 million, which is up by 83.6 per cent. 
year on year. 
The table below presents the volume and structure of BGK’s deposit base: 
 
 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
Change versus 
2019 
 
Performance 
Structure 
Performance 
Structure 
In 
nominal 
terms 
% 
 
(in PLN million) 
Deposits from 
customers 
116,257.7 
100.0% 
59,821.3 
100.0% 
56,436.4 
94.3% 
Financial sector 
entities 
14,573.2 
12.5% 
5,847.8 
9.8% 
8,725.5 
149.2% 
Non-financial 
sector entities 
46,913.5 
40.4% 
22,754.5 
38.0% 
24,158.9 
106.2% 
individuals 
52.8 
0.0% 
44.2 
0.1% 
8.6 
19.4% 
businesses 
46,860.7 
40.3% 
22,710.3 
38.0% 
24,150.4 
106.3% 
Public sector 
entities 
54,771.0 
47.1% 
31,219.0 
52.2% 
23,552.0 
75.4% 
central government 
entities 
50,194.0 
43.2% 
27,346.0 
45.7% 
22,848.0 
83.6% 
local government 
entities 
4,577.0 
3.9% 
3,873.0 
6.5% 
704.0 
18.2% 
Sureties and guarantees 
A detailed description of the Issuer’s surety and guarantee operations is included in point 4.9 (Sureties and 
guarantees provided by BGK under government programmes) of the Issuer’s management board report on 
the Group’s activities in 2020, incorporated by reference herein. 
As part of its surety and guarantee operations, BGK supports SMEs in financing their development needs, 
including investments. In 2020, BGK performed tasks in four primary areas: 
• 
continuation of the government programme of providing de minimis guarantees for SMEs 
implemented in 2013;

--- Page 105 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
• 
utilisation of EU funds for guarantees in the SME sector – an initiative under the Operational 
Programme Smart Growth (OP SG) and the framework programme for the competitiveness of 
enterprises and SMEs for 2014-2020 (COSME), the Creative Europe programme for 2014-2020, 
the Rural Areas Development Programme 2014-2020, the Operational Programme Digital Poland 
(OP DP) for 2014-2020; 
• 
management of active portfolios of sureties and guarantees, including portfolios, which have been 
removed from offer; and 
• 
cooperation with local and regional surety funds in Poland. BGK, as a shareholder of the surety 
funds, has been supporting their development and ensuring that the risk associated with the funds' 
surety activity is maintained at a safe level. 
In 2020, BGK offered the following surety and guarantee products: 
• 
loan repayment guarantees/sureties provided on a portfolio basis, including: 
o 
loan repayment guarantees as part of the Portfolio De Minimis Guarantee Facility 
("PDMGF") (which was introduced to the market in 2013) - since 1 July 2018, 
guarantees under the PDMGF have been provided as part of the National Guarantee Fund; 
additionally, de minimis guarantees combined to secure loan repayment with a surety 
provided by the surety fund ("PDMGF PLUS") are also granted under the PDMGF; 
o 
loan repayment guarantees as part of the Portfolio Guarantee Facility with the European 
Investment Fund’s (EIF) counter-guarantees under the COSME Programme ("PGF 
COSME") – a product introduced to the market in 2015 as a complementary guarantee 
to the de minimis guarantee; 
o 
loan repayment guarantees as part of the Guarantee Fund under the SG OP ("PGF-GF 
SG OP") – referred to as “Biznesmax” guarantees, dedicated to innovative and eco-
efficient entrepreneurs; 
o 
loan repayment guarantees as part of the Operational Programme Digital Poland ("PGF-
OP DP") – a product introduced to support the development and consolidation of 
telecommunications undertakings; 
o 
loan repayment guarantees as part of the Portfolio Guarantee Facility with EIF’s counter-
guarantees under the Creative Europe programme ("PGF-Creative Europe") – a new 
product dedicated to entities within the creative and cultural sectors; 
o 
loan repayment guarantees as part of the Agricultural Guarantee Fund ("AGF") – a new 
product dedicated to entities within the agricultural sector; and 
o 
student loan repayment guarantees; and 
• 
guarantees/sureties provided on a case-by-case basis, including: 
o 
loan repayment guarantees and sureties; and 
o 
performance bonds. 
To support the economy during the COVID-19 outbreak, in 2020 BGK implemented a comprehensive 
package of measures in the area of granting guarantees. BGK has significantly improved the guarantee

--- Page 106 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
conditions under the existing programmes and it has launched special measures under the Temporary 
Framework ("TF") for State aid measures as well as under the Pan-European Guarantee Fund.  
Improved guarantee conditions include increased guarantee coverage, temporary suspension or reduction 
of guarantee fees, extension of the duration of loans for current activities. In some guarantee products, 
interest subsidies were applied to loans for current business activities. 
Under the TF, BGK has launched the Liquidity Guarantee Fund ("PGF LG Fund") that provides aid in the 
form of guarantees for new loans, as well as for renewals of the existing overdrafts and revolving credit 
lines. The final beneficiaries of these guarantees are medium and large undertakings. Based also under the 
TF, BGK has launched the Guarantees on Factoring ("LGF LG Fund") This programme provides aid in 
the form of guarantees on factoring products covering namely recourse and reverse factoring. The product 
is offered to all undertakings, irrespective of their size. 
The guarantee instrument recently introduced by BGK in response to COVID-19 (in 2021) is a guarantee 
for leasing with EIF’s counter-guarantees under the Pan-European Guarantee Fund ("LGL- EGF") . The 
measure provides aid in the form of guarantees on financial leasing and leasing loans. The final beneficiaries 
of the measure are SMEs. 
The table below shows the value of the guarantees and sureties provided by BGK 
 
 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
 
Volume 
Value 
Volume 
Value 
 
(in PLN million) 
Sureties and guarantees 
provided on a portfolio 
basis 
75,823 
25,571.3 
51,257 
13,907.4 
PDMGF 
67,922 
23,577.1 
39,329 
11,562.2 
PGF COSME 
5,870 
1,002.6 
11,827 
2,130.4 
PGF GF SG OP 
365 
732.7 
93 
204.0 
PGF OP DP 
0 
0.0 
1 
0.2 
PGF Creative Europe 
1 
0.3 
2 
2.8 
AGF 
1,665 
258.6 
5 
7.7 
Guarantee products 
implemented only for the 
period of the pandemic 
 
 
 
 
PGF LG Fund 
1,484 
14,552.9 
- 
- 
LGF LG Fund 
142 
908.7 
- 
- 
Funds 
Credit funds 
Credit funds are funds that are exposed to credit risk and are recognised in BGK's balance sheet and income 
statement. As of the date of this Offering Circular, BGK has no credit funds. 
Cash flow funds 
Cash flow funds are funds related to the management of cash flows used to finance specific budget tasks. 
The assets and liabilities of cash flow funds are not disclosed in BGK's balance sheet because under the 
Polish Accounting Act and IFRS, they cannot be treated as BGK's assets and liabilities. 
Dedicated accounting records are maintained for the cash flow funds. BGK prepares separate balance 
sheets, off-balance sheet items and income statements for the cash flow funds and presents them in the 
appendices to BGK's financial statements. As at the date of this Offering Circular, the cash flow funds are:

--- Page 107 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
• 
the National Road Fund (Krajowy Fundusz Drogowy); 
• 
the Railway Fund (Fundusz Kolejowy); 
• 
the Inland Waterways Fund (Fundusz Żeglugi Śródlądowej); 
• 
the Subsidy Fund (Fundusz Dopłat); 
• 
the Student Loan Fund (Fundusz Kredytów Studenckich); 
• 
the Thermal Modernisation and Refurbishment Fund (Fundusz Termomodernizacji i Remontów); 
• 
the Borrower Support Fund (Fundusz Wsparcia Kredytobiorców); 
• 
the National Guarantee Fund (Krajowy Fundusz Gwarancyjny); 
• 
the Polish Science Fund (Fundusz Polskiej Nauki); 
• 
the COVID-19 Response Fund (Fundusz Przeciwdziałania COVID-19); 
• 
the Liquidity Guarantee Fund (Fundusz Gwarancji Płynnościowych); 
• 
the Interest Subsidy Fund (Fundusz Dopłat do Oprocentowania); 
• 
the Tourist Refund Fund (Turystyczny Fundusz Zwrotów); 
• 
the Government Housing Development Fund (Rządowy Fundusz Rozwoju Mieszkalnictwa); and 
• 
the Ecological Guarantees and Sureties Fund (Ekologiczny Fundusz Poręczeń i Gwarancji). 
National Road Fund 
The purpose of the National Road Fund is financing road construction projects implemented under the 
government's National Roads Construction Programme. The National Road Fund is a vehicle for 
accumulating and channelling funds to finance the construction and reconstruction of motorways, 
expressways and other national roads, finance the implementation, construction and operation of a national 
tolling system, and to cover the costs of consulting services relating to the construction and upgrade of 
national roads. 
The National Road Fund is financed from the following sources: 
• 
a charge which is included in the price of fuel; 
• 
European Union funds; 
• 
loans granted by the European Investment Bank; 
• 
loans granted by the Nordic Investment Bank; and 
• 
debt securities issued by BGK that are designated for financing the National Road Fund. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the 2021 financial plan for the National Road Fund is envisaged to 
be approximately PLN 20.3 billion. The issuance of debt securities is one of the sources of financing for 
the National Road Fund. As of the date of this Offering Circular the aggregate principal amount of bonds 
issued by BGK to finance the National Road Fund is PLN 7.2 billion and EUR 2.55 billion.

--- Page 108 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
Any payments under debt securities issued by BGK to finance the National Road Fund (including any Notes 
to be issued under the Programme) may only be made from the National Road Fund's funds and not from 
other funds or assets held by BGK. Any Notes to be issued under the Programme to finance the National 
Road Fund will be guaranteed by the Guarantor. 
The sources of the National Road Fund's revenues are described on page 55 of the Issuer’s management 
board report on the Group’s activities in 2020, incorporated by reference herein. 
Railway Fund 
The Railway Fund's objective is to accumulate funds and finance the construction, alteration, repair and 
maintenance of railways in Poland, and finance expenses relating to rail transport infrastructure. The 
Railway Fund also finances the decommissioning of redundant railways. The Railway Fund provides PKP 
Polskie Linie Kolejowe S.A., the national operator of rail infrastructure, with the funds necessary to cover 
its running costs. Apart from financing infrastructure investments, the Railway Fund supplies the State 
Treasury with funds necessary to cover the purchase price of shares in PKP Polskie Linie Kolejowe S.A. 
from Polskie Koleje Państwowe S.A. 
The main sources of financing for the Railway Fund are: 
• 
a charge which is included in the price of fuel; and 
• 
debt securities issued by BGK that are designated for financing the Railway Fund. 
Any payments under debt securities issued by BGK to finance the Railway Fund (including any Notes to 
be issued under the Programme) may only be made from the Railway Fund's funds and not from other funds 
or assets held by BGK. All debt securities issued to finance the Railway Fund benefit from a guarantee 
from the Guarantor. 
The sources of the Railway Fund's revenues are described on page 57 of the Issuer’s management board 
report on the Group’s activities in 2020, incorporated by reference herein. 
Inland Waterway Fund 
The purpose of the Inland Waterway Fund is to support inland waterway transport by co-funding fleet 
upgrades and other projects aimed at restructuring inland waterway transport, including environmental 
projects and safety improvement projects. The Inland Waterway Fund may also provide refinancing of the 
costs of acquiring shipping equipment. The Inland Waterway Fund was created in 2019 to continue the 
operations and assume all assets and liabilities of the previous Inland Waterway Fund, which was 
established as a credit fund in 2002. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Inland Waterawy Fund cannot be financed by the issuance of 
debt securities. 
The sources of the Inland Waterway Fund revenues are described on page 58 of the Issuer’s management 
board report on the Group’s activities in 2020, incorporated by reference herein. 
Subsidy Fund 
The Subsidy Fund provides financial assistance under the following programmes: 
• 
interest subsidies on fixed rate mortgage loans – the fund co-finances the interest payments under 
mortgage loans granted to individuals;

--- Page 109 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
• 
financial support for persons purchasing their first home; 
• 
financial support for municipal and rental housing; 
• 
subsidies to rental payments; 
• 
financial support for young people purchasing their first apartment; and 
• 
financial support for social housing associations and housing cooperatives developing new 
residential properties. 
Funds provided by the State Treasury are the principal source of funding for the Subsidy Fund. As of the 
date of this Offering Circular, the Subsidy Fund cannot be financed by the issuance of debt securities. 
The sources of the Subsidy Fund's revenues are described on page 58 of the Issuer’s management board 
report on the Group’s activities in 2020, incorporated by reference herein. 
Student Loan Fund 
The Student Loan Fund aims to facilitate access to higher education. The Student Loan Fund operates a 
system of financial subsidies for students, including interest subsidies and a partial or complete redemption 
of loans granted by commercial banks. The Student Loan Fund also finances repayments of loans that were 
covered by suretyships granted by BGK. The Student Loan Fund is financed by the State Treasury.  
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Student Loan Fund cannot be financed by the issuance of debt 
securities. 
The sources of the Student Loan Fund's revenues are described on page 63 of the Issuer’s management 
board report on the Group’s activities in 2020, incorporated by reference herein. 
Thermal Modernisation and Refurbishment Fund 
The Thermal Modernisation and Refurbishment Fund provides public assistance for thermal efficiency 
improvement and repair projects aimed at reducing energy consumption for municipal and housing needs. 
The Thermal Modernisation and Refurbishment Fund provides building insulation and repair subsidies for 
investors involved in these projects. The funds are disbursed on the completion of the project and are 
designated for repaying commercial loans used to finance thermal efficiency improvements and repair 
projects. Funds provided by the State Treasury are the principal source of funding for the Thermal 
Modernisation and Refurbishment Fund.  
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Thermal Modernisation and Refurbishment Fund cannot be 
financed by the issuance of debt securities.  
The sources of the Thermal Modernisation and Refurbishment Fund's revenues are described on page 62 
of the Issuer’s management board report on the Group’s activities in 2020, incorporated by reference herein. 
Borrower Support Fund 
The Borrower Support Fund was established in 2015 to support borrowers in difficult financial situations. 
The Borrower Support Fund provides financial support by paying directly to the lender the amounts which 
are due under loans secured over title to residential property or by providing a loan to facilitate the 
repayment of the loan secured over title to residential property. The main sources of financing for the 
Borrower Support Fund are contributions made by banks and cooperative saving unions that grant mortgage 
loans.

--- Page 110 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Borrower Support Fund cannot be financed by the issuance of 
debt securities. 
The sources of the Borrower Support Fund's revenues are described on page 64 of the Issuer’s management 
board report on the Group’s activities in 2020, incorporated by reference herein. 
Polish Science Fund 
The key objective of the Polish Science Fund is to finance scientific research of particular importance to 
the Polish economy, facilitating the development of innovative products as well as assisting organisations 
in implementing innovative organisational models for research and development activities.  
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Polish Science Fund cannot be financed by the issuance of debt 
securities.  
The sources of the Polish Science Fund's revenues are described on page 64 of the Issuer’s management 
board report on the Group’s activities in 2020, incorporated by reference herein. 
National Guarantee Fund 
The role of the National Guarantee Fund is to provide strategic support for small and medium enterprises 
by providing guarantees, including guarantees financed by European Union funds. The purpose of these 
guarantees is to encourage businesses to make investments and grow their businesses. In 2020, the National 
Guarantee Fund provided 67,922 de minimis guarantees for an aggregate amount of PLN 23,577.1 million. 
Following the outbreak of COVID-19, the rules for granting guarantees under the National Guarantee Fund 
were amended to facilitate access to guarantees for businesses affected by COVID-19.  
The National Guarantee Fund can be financed by the issuance of debt securities. Any payments under debt 
securities issued by BGK to finance the National Guarantee Fund (including any Notes to be issued under 
the Programme) may only be made from the National Guarantee Fund's funds and not from other funds or 
assets held by BGK. Any Notes to be issued under the Programme to finance the National Guarantee Fund 
will be guaranteed by the Guarantor. 
The sources of the National Guarantee Fund's revenues are described on page 67 of the Issuer’s 
management board report on the Group’s activities in 2020, incorporated by reference herein. 
COVID-19 Response Fund 
The COVID-19 Response Fund operates on the basis of the Act of 31 March 2020 amending the act on 
special solutions related to the prevention and combating of COVID-19, other infectious diseases and the 
crisis situations caused by them and certain other domestic legislation. The COVID-19 Response Fund was 
created to finance or co-finance activities to counter the COVID-19 pandemic’s effects on the Polish 
economy. 
The funds raised by the COVID-19 Response Fund are transferred to various public institutions managing 
the support programmes. So far, the COVID-19 Response Fund has financed or co-financed the salaries of 
employees affected by the economic downturn or reduced working hours, loans for micro-enterprises to 
finance their operating costs, purchase of medical and protective equipment as well as the purchase of tests 
for detecting COVID-19. Each public institution that receives funds from the COVID-19 Response Fund 
has to enter into an agreement with BGK regulating, among others, issues of subsidiary accounts and 
principles of distributing funds to particular public institutions. 
Although the COVID-19 Response Fund operates within BGK structures, it is supervised by the Prime 
Minister of Poland in cooperation with various public institutions and branches of government, eg the Social

--- Page 111 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
Insurance Fund, the Agricultural Social Insurance Fund, the Ministry of Health and the Ministry of Family, 
Labour and Social Policy, which are responsible for implementing particular support programmes.  
The resources for the COVID-19 Response Fund come from: 
• 
cash payments from certain public finance sector units; 
• 
funds from the budget of the European Union and non-refundable aid from the Member States of 
the European Free Trade Agreement (EFTA) which, with the consent of the European 
Commission, may be allocated to support the implementation of tasks related to counteracting the 
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
• 
payments from the state budget, including European funds; 
• 
proceeds from certain treasury securities; 
• 
debt securities issued by BGK that are designated for financing the COVID-19 Response Fund; 
and 
• 
other income. 
The resources of the COVID-19 Response Fund may be allocated to: 
• 
financing or co-financing the implementation of tasks related to counteracting the effects of the 
COVID-19 pandemic; 
• 
redemption and payment of interest on the bonds issued to finance the COVID-19 Response Fund, 
and covering the costs of their issuance; 
• 
returning BGK’s own funds transerred to the COVID-19 Response Fund for the purpose of 
financing its activities; and 
• 
reimbursing expenses incurred during the implementation of tasks related to counteracting the 
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the 2021 financial plan for the COVID-19 Response Fund is 
envisaged to be approximately PLN 61.15 billion. The issuance of debt securities will be the main source 
of financing for the COVID-19 Response Fund. As of the date of this Offering Circular, BGK has issued 
PLN 134.3 billion in bonds to finance this fund, which were acquired by Polish institutional investors, EUR 
1 billion in bonds to finance this fund, which were acquired by international institutional investors and USD 
0.4 billion in bonds, which were acquired by a Polish institutional investor. 
Any payments under debt securities issued by BGK to finance the COVID-19 Response Fund (including 
any Notes to be issued under the Programme) may only be made from the COVID-19 Response Fund's 
funds and not from other funds or assets held by BGK. All debt securities issued to finance the COVID-19 
Response Fund benefit from a guarantee from the Guarantor. 
The sources of the COVID-19 Response Fund's revenues are described on page 54 of the Issuer’s 
management board report on the Group’s activities in 2020, incorporated by reference herein. 
Liquidity Guarantee Fund

--- Page 112 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
The establishment of the Liquidity Guarantee Fund is another measure supporting Polish businesses 
affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The Liquidity Guarantee Fund provides guarantees for loans and 
guarantees on factoring.  
The loans with a guarantee from the Liquidity Guarantee Fund are provided by Polish commercial and 
cooperative banks and taken by medium and large enterprises seeking to improve their liquidity during the 
difficulties caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Guarantees on factoring are a new instrument that was introduced in September 2020. Its purpose is to 
ensure financial liquidity for companies by increasing access to financing in the form of recourse factoring 
and reverse factoring, including allowing the continuation of agreements for factoring limits granted by the 
factor. The final beneficiaries of the measure are small, medium and large enterprises operating in Poland. 
However, financial institutions are not eligible final beneficiaries. The guarantees will be granted through 
factors, ie banks or factoring companies granting factoring limits. 
The support under the Liquidity Guarantee Fund is aimed at enterprises which, as of 31 December 2019, 
were in a sound financial position and, as of 1 February 2020, were not in arrears with payments under their 
financial indebtedness, taxes and contributions to the social security funds. The Liquidity Guarantee Fund 
may be financed by the issuance of debt securities. Any payments under debt securities issued by BGK to 
finance the Liquidity Guarantee Fund (including any Notes to be issued under the Programme) may only 
be made from the Liquidity Guarantee Fund's funds and not from other funds or assets held by BGK. All 
debt securities issued to finance the Liquidity Guarantee Fund benefit from a guarantee from the Guarantor. 
Interest Subsidy Fund 
The Interest Subsidy Fund operates on the basis of the Act of 19 June 2020 on interest subsidies for bank 
loans granted to entrepreneurs affected by COVID-19 and on simplified proceedings for obtaining approval 
of an arrangement in connection with the occurrence of COVID-19. In accordance with the provisions of 
the abovementioned act, the resources of the Interest Subsidy Fund come from: 
• 
payments from the State Treasury budget, part of which is at the discretion of the minister 
responsible for economic affairs; 
• 
interest on deposits of the Interest Subsidy Fund’s unused resources in banks; 
• 
interest on the Interest Subsidy Fund’s unused resources deposited with the Ministry of Finance; 
• 
proceeds from the investments of the Interest Subsidy Fund’s free resources in securities issued or 
guaranteed by the State Treasury or issued by the National Bank of Poland; 
• 
the amounts of subsidies returned and the amounts of subsidies recovered, less the costs necessary 
to pursue claims for the refund of subsidies; and 
• 
other income. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Interest Subsidy Fund cannot be financed by the issuance of 
debt securities. 
The Interest Subsidy Fund grants interest subsidies for bank loans on the basis of contracts concluded by 
31 December 2020 for entrepreneurs and entities from the primary production sector of agricultural 
products which have been adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The subsidies are applied to renewable and non-revolving working capital loans, granted in PLN, to ensure 
financial liquidity, particularly in respect of the short-term and medium-term.

--- Page 113 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
The deadline for concluding loan agreements or annexes changing the loan agreements with an additional 
payment from the Interest Subsidy Fund is 31 December 2020. The subsidies will be paid for a period no 
longer than 12 months from the conclusion of the loan agreement with the subsidy. 
The procedure and conditions for granting a loan with interest subsidies are as follows: 
• 
loans with subsidies are granted by banks that have concluded a cooperation agreement with BGK; 
• 
the entrepreneur submits an application for a loan with subsidies to the bank granting loans with 
subsidies; 
• 
the application must be accompanied by documents confirming the loss of financial liquidity or 
the threat of loss of financial liquidity as well as other documents and statements required by the 
bank, resulting from its internal procedures; 
• 
the bank concludes a loan agreement with the entrepreneur after issuing a positive credit decision; 
and 
• 
the interest rate on the subsidised loan will be charged at the rate specified in the loan agreement 
with the subsidy, provided that it is not higher than the average interest rate on other working 
capital loans granted by the bank. 
The subsidy is part of the interest due to the bank that granted the loan and applies only to the interest rate 
on the loan – it cannot reduce the principal installments and is paid to loans that are not overdue with the 
repayment of principal and interest. 
The sources of the Interest Subsidy Fund's revenues are described on page 66 of the Issuer’s management 
board report on the Group’s activities in 2020, incorporated by reference herein. 
Tourist Refund Fund 
The Tourist Refund Fund operates on the basis of the amended Act of 2 March 2020 on special solutions 
related to the prevention and combating of COVID-19, other infectious diseases and crisis situations caused 
by them.  
The payments from the Touristic Refund Fund are available to travellers who have not received a refund 
or have not agreed to accept a voucher for a trip, flight or hotel reservation that was canceled due to the 
COVID-19 pandemic. The acceptance of applications and payments of funds to travellers will be carried 
out by the Insurance Guarantee Fund. 
The sources of funding for the Touristic Refund Fund are: 
• 
payments from the state budget, part of which is at the disposal of the minister of tourism; 
• 
interest on deposits of periodically free resources of the Touristic Refund Fund deposited in banks 
and interest on funds transferred to the deposit of Minister of Finance; and 
• 
payments from the the COVID-19 Response Fund. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Tourist Refund Fund cannot be financed by the issuance of debt 
securities. 
The sources of the Tourist Refund Fund's revenues are described on page 65 of the Issuer’s management 
board report on the Group’s activities in 2020, incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 114 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
Government Housing Development Fund 
The Government Housing Development Fund operates on the basis of the Act of 10 December 2020 on 
amending certain laws supporting housing development, the Act of 26 October 1995 on certain forms of 
housing support, and the agreement of 8 March 2021 on the principles of servicing the Government Housing 
Development Fund concluded between the Minister of Development and Technology and BGK. 
The role of the Government Housing Development Fund is to improve the availability of housing for rental 
purposes by stimulating the market for new housing to be built by the Social Housing Initiative. The 
situation caused by the COVID-19 outbreak in 2020 has significantly reduced local government budget 
revenues, which could result in a reduction in their activity in supporting this type of investment in the 
coming years. 
The Government Housing Development Fund’s funds are used to finance part or all of a municipality's 
expenses for taking up shares in the projects of the Social Housing Initiative that are being created or already 
operating. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Government Housing Development Fund cannot be financed 
by the issuance of debt securities. 
Ecological Guarantees and Sureties Fund  
The Ecological Guarantees and Sureties Fund operates on the basis of the Act of 28 October 2020 on 
amending the Act on supporting thermomodernization and renovations and certain other acts and under the 
rules set forth in the Act of 27 April 2001 Environmental Protection Law. The Ecological Guarantees and 
Sureties Fund was established in BGK on 1 January 2021. 
The key objective of the Ecological Guarantees and Sureties Fund is to expand the instruments of influence 
of the "Clean Air" governmental intervention programme managed by the National Fund for Environmental 
Protection and Water Management and is to be implemented by 16 voivodeship environmental protection 
and water management funds. The programme aims to increase the energy efficiency of single-family 
residential buildings and reduce emissions of dust and other pollutants into the atmosphere from single-
family residential buildings by replacing old, inefficient solid fuel heating equipment and carrying out 
thermal upgrades of these buildings. 
The operation of the Fund is related to the implementation of the governmental "Clean Air Guarantee 
Program" with the use of BGK guarantees. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Ecological Guarantees and Sureties Fund cannot be financed 
by the issuance of debt securities. 
Capital adequacy 
A detailed description of the Issuer’s capital ratios is included in note 49 (Capital adequacy) to the 
consolidated financial statement of the Group for the financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2020, 
on pages 120 – 124. 
Under Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No. 
648/2012, BGK has to satisfy the following own-fund requirements: 
• 
a Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 per cent.; 
• 
a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6 per cent.; and

--- Page 115 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
• 
a total capital ratio of 8 per cent. 
The table below presents selected data concerning the capital ratios of BGK, including cash flow funds as 
at the dates indicated below: 
 
Item 
as at 31 December 2020 
as at 31 December 2019 
CET1 capital ratio 
33.04% 
27.54% 
T1 capital ratio 
33.04% 
27.54% 
Total capital ratio 
33.04% 
27.54% 
Internal capital ratio 
30.73% 
37.22% 
Own funds 
PLN 23,460,629,846 
PLN 17,869,910,187 
Tier 1 capital 
PLN 23,460,629,846 
PLN 17,869,910,187 
CET 1 
PLN 23,460,629,846 
PLN 17,869,910,187 
AT 1 
0 
0 
Tier 2 capital 
0 
0 
Total capital requirement 
PLN 5,680,680,572 
PLN 5,190,119,961 
Internal capital 
PLN 7,208,535,967 
PLN 6,651,237,953 
Leverage ratio 
6.62% 
10.29% 
BGK’s own borrowings 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had outstanding liabilities, under loans granted to the Group and debt 
securities issued by the members of the Group, of PLN 8.8 billion. The table below gives primary 
information on the current outstanding debt securities issued by the Group: 
 
Issuer 
Status 
Currency 
Principal 
amount 
Interest 
rate 
Issue  
Date 
Maturity 
Date 
Listing 
Bank 
Senior 
PLN 
1,850,000,000 
WIBOR
6M + 
0.40% 
28 
October 
2019 
28 October 
2023 
Warsaw 
Stock 
Exchange 
Bank 
Senior 
PLN 
2,000,000,000 
WIBOR
6M + 
0.45% 
19 
February 
2019 
19 
February 
2023 
Warsaw 
Stock 
Exchange 
Related party transactions 
BGK entered into a number of related party transactions that mainly involved granting loans, taking 
deposits and entering into repurchase agreements. The tables below show the related party transactions 
entered into by the Group as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019: 
 
 
31 December 2020 
2020 
Entity 
Receivables 
Liabilities 
Financial 
and 
guarantee 
liabilities 
granted 
 
Interest 
income and 
commissions 
income 
 
Interest 
expenses 
and 
commissions 
expenses 
 
(in PLN thousand) 
Associates 
0 
963,102 
2,651,945 
 
37 
 
5,985 
Other 
units 
0 
1,291,015 
0 
 
34 
 
1,280 
Total 
0 
2,254,117 
2,651,945 
 
71 
 
7,265

--- Page 116 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2019 
2019 
Entity 
Receivables 
Liabilities 
Financial 
and 
guarantee 
liabilities 
granted 
 
Interest 
income and 
commissions 
income 
 
Interest 
expenses 
and 
commissions 
expenses 
 
(in PLN thousand) 
Associates 
3,000 
1,031,544 
2,746 
 
5 
 
13,744 
Other 
units 
0 
141,101 
0 
 
2 
 
2,321 
Total 
3,000 
1,172,645 
2,746 
 
7 
 
16,065 
 
Risk management 
Overview 
BGK’s risk management system is organised on three independent levels. The first level (first line of 
defence) comprises the management of risk in the operating activities of BGK. The second level (second 
line of defence) comprises risk management by employees in positions or organisational units established 
specifically for that purpose (independent from risk management under the first line of defence) and the 
compliance function. The third level (third line of defence) comprises operations carried out by the Internal 
Audit Department. 
The internal objective of risk management is to maintain the stability and security of operations, as well as 
a high quality of assets, and to achieve the anticipated financial results with an acceptable risk level. 
The risk management system is based on: 
• 
Strategy for Risk Management approved by BGK’s Supervisory Board; 
• 
Capital Management and Internal Capital Assessment Policy approved by BGK’s Supervisory 
Board; 
• 
risk management policies, principles, and procedures approved by BGK’s Supervisory Board or 
Management Board; and 
• 
principles of selection, remuneration and monitoring of employees performing crucial functions 
at BGK and the policy governing variable remuneration components of persons holding 
managerial positions endorsed by BGK’s Supervisory Board or Management Board. 
The risk management system at BGK has the following tasks: 
• 
risk identification, which comprises the determination of: risk types, their sources (risk factors) 
and areas exposed to a given type of risk; 
• 
risk measurement/assessment, which comprises the determination and enforcement of risk 
quantification methods and stress test performance; 
• 
risk control, which comprises the determination and enforcement of risk control mechanisms 
(including a limit system, ensuring independence between first-level risk management and second-
level risk management, insurance, risk transfer, financing plans); 
• 
risk monitoring, which comprises the monitoring of risk levels, review of relevance and accuracy 
of the applied risk assessment methods and the evaluation of efficiency of the tools used; and

--- Page 117 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
• 
risk reporting, which comprises providing information on the risk profile, identification of possible 
threats, and providing information on the measures adopted. 
BGK’s Strategy for risk management covers all identified risks to which BGK is exposed in its activities. 
The Strategy also defines the general acceptable level of risk, whereas the acceptable risk level in relation 
to specific risks is specified in risk management policies applicable to those risks. 
The strategy also sets out the principles of risk culture. Through its actions and conduct, BGK’s 
Management Board promotes the awareness of the relevance of risk in BGK's operations, the principles of 
assuming risk and its management (risk culture). These practices are then cascaded down to individual 
levels of BGK’s organisational structure. 
Organisation of the credit risk management process 
The credit risk management process covers risk identification, measurement and assessment, control, 
monitoring and reporting to identify credit risk and mitigate it to an acceptable level, and for the purposes 
of controlling the effectiveness of actions taken on a continuous basis. 
Credit risk management is carried out regarding: 
• 
customer risk, accounting for an individual credit exposure; 
• 
loan portfolio risk; and 
• 
credit risk and concentration risk related to the activities of subsidiaries. 
BGK identifies and assesses the existing credit risk based on: 
• 
the implementation of internal procedures enabling the assessment of creditworthiness for 
individual borrowers and classification of credit exposures into relevant risk groups, 
• 
the results of control and monitoring measures taken with regard to assets managed by the 
organisational units of BGK. 
In the credit risk management process, BGK applies a prudential approach. Key characteristics of the 
current risk management system are: 
• 
separation of sales functions from client risk assessment at both regional and Head Office levels 
of BGK; 
• 
comprehensive individual credit risk assessment for all customers and transactions, so as to assign 
them to a specific credit risk category; 
• 
application of expert and statistical methods for measuring credit risk arising from transaction and 
customer risk, supporting the estimation of the probability of default and the amount of loss in the 
event of a default; 
• 
a system for measuring portfolio risk by assessing its concentration by industry, sector, type of 
product and borrower; 
• 
a system of decision-making competencies; 
• 
regular verification of the risk of past transactions, including changes in the financial condition of 
borrowers and in BGK’s environment;

--- Page 118 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
• 
diversification of industry and sectors, types of products and borrowers, within the resource 
exposure limits set out by BGK; 
• 
determination of impairment losses on credit exposures; 
• 
analysis and verification of valuation principles related to loan collaterals; and 
• 
a system for monitoring exposures and their collaterals allowing threats to be identified early. 
The system of limits constitutes one of the credit risk management tools at BGK. Limits are established at 
both operational and strategic levels in line with the relevant responsibilities. 
The following limit groups are used for credit risk: 
1. 
industry limits reflecting the risk inherent in the customer’s core business; 
2. 
objective limits, resulting from the risk related to the purpose of the loan; 
3. 
subjective limits, defined depending on the customer type; and 
4. 
product limits. 
Since 1 January 2018 impairment allowances at the Issuer have been recognised in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standard 9 (Financial Instruments) ("IFRS 9"). IFRS 9 provides for the 
calculation of impairment allowances based on expected credit losses and taking into account forecasts and 
expected future economic conditions in light of the credit risk exposure assessment. 
In the assessment of expected credit losses, a broad range of information is taken into account, including 
historical and current data and information on future economic conditions expected by the Issuer’s unit in 
charge of macroeconomic forecasts. The impairment model that is compliant with IFRS 9 is based on a 
division of exposures into stages, depending on the changes in credit quality relative to the initial 
recognition in accounting records. The manner of calculating an impairment loss depends on the stage: 
Stage 
Criterion for classification 
(stages) 
Manner of calculating an 
impairment loss 
Stage 1  
Exposures for which, from the 
initial 
recognition 
until 
the 
reporting date, no significant 
increase in credit risk was 
identified 
and 
with 
no 
impairment. 
12-month expected credit loss. 
Stage 2  
Exposures for which, from the 
initial 
recognition 
until 
the 
reporting date, a significant 
increase in credit risk was 
identified 
and 
with 
no 
impairment. 
Lifetime expected credit losses. 
Stage 3 (NPL) 
Impaired exposures. 
Lifetime expected credit losses. 
POCI (NPL) 
Exposures impaired at initial 
recognition. 
Lifetime expected credit losses.

--- Page 119 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
Non-performing loans (NPL) 
The table below shows the quality of BGK’s credit portfolio as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019. 
Loans and advances 
to customers at 
amortised cost 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
Gross 
loans 
Impairment 
allowances 
Net loans 
Gross 
loans 
Impairment 
allowances 
Net loans 
Loans and advances 
to customers, 
including:  
34,703,927 
1,354,518 33,349,409 31,855,244 
1,067,785 30,787,459 
financial sector 
1,711,652 
17,768 
1,693,884 
1,609,938 
11,811 
1,598,127 
loans and advances 
1,543,335 
17,616 
1,525,719 
1,492,416 
11,746 
1,480,670 
guarantees and 
sureties 
280 
114 
166 
171 
65 
106 
other receivables 
168,037 
38 
167,999 
117,351 
0 
117,351 
non-financial sector  23,682,233 
1,202,798 22,479,435 21,991,904 
915,128 21,076,776 
loans and advances 
23,109,644 
1,009,382 22,100,262 21,555,721 
770,053 20,785,668 
purchased debt 
257,880 
159 
257,721 
252,189 
1,347 
250,842 
guarantees and 
sureties 
314,685 
193,257 
121,428 
183,986 
143,728 
40,258 
other receivables 
24 
0 
24 
8 
0 
8 
public sector  
9,310,042 
133,952 
9,176,090 
8,253,402 
140,846 
8,112,556 
loans and advances 
9,172,959 
130,948 
9,042,011 
8,175,378 
136,525 
8,038,853 
purchased debt 
133,296 
3,004 
130,292 
77,916 
4,321 
73,595 
other receivables 
3,787 
0 
3,787 
108 
0 
108 
The tables below present the change in the gross carrying amount and impairment allowances on loans and 
advances to customers at amortised cost. 
 
Loans and advances to 
customers at amortised cost 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
(NPL) 
POCI 
(NPL) 
Total 
Gross carrying amount as at 
31 December 2019 
27,454,064 
2,433,860 
1,967,265 
55 
31,855,244 
Transfer to Stage 1 
849,474 
-814,338 
-35,136 
0 
0 
Transfer to Stage 2 
-2,764,630 
2,772,174 
-7,544 
0 
0 
Transfer to Stage 3 
-68,591 
-313,078 
381,669 
0 
0 
New/purchased/granted 
financial assets 
11,635,437 
420,447 
358,322 
29,560 
12,443,766 
Derecognition of financial 
assets 
-3,209,124 
-223,765 
-128,247 
-548 
-3,561,684 
Financial assets that have been 
written off in the statement of 
financial position 
0 
0 
-3,646 
0 
-3,646 
Other changes (including 
partial repayments and 
disbursements of further 
tranches) 
-5,400,818 
-448,297 
-179,882 
-756 
-6,029,753 
Gross carrying amount as at 
31 December 2020 
28,495,812 
3,827,003 
2,352,801 
28,311 
34,703,927 
Impairment allowance

--- Page 120 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
Impairment allowances as at 
31 December 2019 
179,799 
121,165 
774,524 
-7,703 
1.067,785 
Transfer to Stage 1 
25,099 
-17,595 
-7,504 
0 
0 
Transfer to Stage 2 
-28,838 
30,078 
-1,240 
0 
0 
Transfer to Stage 3 
-2,170 
-58,935 
61,105 
0 
0 
New/purchased/granted 
financial assets 
34,494 
818 
44,024 
0 
79,336 
Derecognition of financial 
assets 
-27,112 
-1,306 
-15,070 
0 
-43,488 
Financial assets that have been 
written off in the statement of 
financial position 
-31 
0 
-1,244 
0 
-1,275 
Changes in credit risk level 
(excluding transfers between 
stages) 
19,134 
69,699 
151,342 
8,622 
248,797 
Other changes (foreign 
exchange gains (losses)) 
1,695 
629 
1,039 
0 
3,363 
Impairment allowances as at 
31 December 2020 
202,070 
144,553 
1,006,976 
919 
1,354,518 
IT and operations 
The Group has several IT systems, including systems supporting remote banking channels, product 
management, accounting, IT and HR support. The IT infrastructure meets market standards and is protected 
with a regularly tested business continuity solution (including a remote facility), data backup procedures, 
off-site data storage and sophisticated cyber-crime prevention software. Additionally, the Issuer constantly 
monitors the compliance of its IT systems with the relevant recommendations of the KNF. 
Litigation 
To the best of BGK's knowledge, as at 30 June 2021, it was a party to 110 court cases in which it acted as 
the plaintiff and 24 in which it acted as the defendant. No individual case's value exceeds 10 per cent. of 
BGK's equity. The biggest individual case’s value is PLN 3.9 million (plus interest) and the provision 
associated with the risk of losing this case amounts to PLN 1.84 million due to the interest charged over 
the duration of the court proceedings. As at 31 December 2020, the value of the Group’s provisions 
regarding all ongoing lawsuits was approximately PLN 5,52 million. 
Management and employees 
Summary 
BGK's corporate bodies include: 
• 
the Management Board responsible for BGK's day-to-day operations; and 
• 
the Supervisory Board, which oversees BGK's activities. 
BGK is aware of activities performed by the members of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board 
outside of the Issuer. BGK does not consider these activities to be significant with respect to the issuer. 
The President of the Bank’s Supervisory Board, Paweł Borys, is the Chairman of the Management Board 
of Polski Fundusz Rozwoju S.A. ("PFR") and the Chairman of the Board of the Polish Economic Institute, 
Supervisory Board member Beata Gorajek is the Chairman of the Centrum Produkcyjne Pneumatyki 
“Prema” S.A., Supervisory Board member Zbigniew Krysiak is the Chairman of the Management Board 
of Instytut Myśli Schumana and a Member of the Supervisory Board of Sportlive24 S.A. and Grupa CZH 
S.A., Supervisory Board member Honorata Krysiewicz is a Member of the Supervisory Board of Lotos

--- Page 121 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
Asfalt sp. z o.o., Supervisory Board member Marek Niedużak is a Member of the Management Board of 
Fundacja im. Abrahama Jakuba Sterna, Supervisory Board member Adam Rudzewicz is a Member of the 
Supervisory Board of GPW Benchmark S.A., Supervisory Board member Łukasz Śmigasiewicz is a Vice 
President of Management Board of Węglokoks S.A., Deputy Chairman of the Management Board of the 
Pokolenie Association. Supervisory Board member Magadalena Tarczewska-Szymańska is the President 
of the Supervisory Board of Poczta Polska S.A. Supervisory Board member Wojciech Maj is the Chairman 
of the Management Board of Wałbrzyskie Zakłady Koksownicze “Victoria” S.A. 
Regarding all the abovementioned members of the Issuer’s Supervisory Board, there is a risk of a potential 
conflict of interest if decisions regarding cooperation between the abovementioned entities and the Issuer 
are the subject of the Supervisory Board’s decisions and deliberations or if such entities are clients of the 
Issuer. Any potential conflict of interest is appropriately managed by BGK in accordance with BGK’s Code 
of Ethics and the Management Board and the Supervisory Board internal regulations. 
Other than the potential conflicts of interest described above, with respect to all the members of the 
Management Board and the Supervisory Board, there are no actual or potential conflicts of interest arising 
from their personal interests or duties and obligations towards the Issuer. 
Management Board 
The Management Board is responsible for managing BGK's activities and its day-to-day operations. The 
head of the Management Board is the President of the Management Board. The President of the 
Management Board represents BGK externally, leads Management Board meetings and ensures the 
execution of Management Board resolutions. 
The Management Board members are appointed by the Prime Minister for a five-year term from the 
candidates nominated by the ministers responsible for economy, financial institutions, transport, regional 
development, and public finance. The Supervisory Board may dismiss or suspend a Management Board 
member before the expiry of their term. It may also delegate one of its members to the Management Board.  
The Management Board consists of the following members: 
 
Name 
Position 
Beata Daszyńska-Muzyczka 
President of the Management Board 
Paweł Nierada 
First vice-president of the Management Board 
Włodzimierz Kocon 
Vice-president of the Management Board 
Radosław Kwiecień 
Member of the Management Board 
Tomasz Robaczyński 
Member of the Management Board 
Dariusz Szwed 
Member of the Management Board 
The business address of all Management Board members is Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego, Al. 
Jerozolimskie 7, 00-955 Warsaw, Poland. The correspondence address of BGK is VARSO 2, ul. Chmielna 
73, 00-801 Warsaw, Poland. 
Beata Daszyńska-Muzyczka – President of the Management Board 
From 1994 to 2016 Beata Daszyńska-Muzyczka worked for Bank Zachodni WBK S.A. (a subsidiary of the 
Banco Santander group). She was responsible for the implementation of the bank’s most strategic projects, 
including the New Branch Model or electronic banking – “MiniBank24” as well as the optimisation and 
rationalisation of the bank’s processes. From 2005 she headed the Logistics and Real Estate Area of the 
bank and from 2008 became a member and subsequently the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Bank 
Zachodni WBK Property. From 2012 she was in charge of the organisational culture transformation project 
named “Next Generation Bank” and she was appointed as head of the Human Resources Partnership Area 
of the bank. From 2015, as a member of the Management Board of Bank Zachodni WBK S.A., she headed 
the Business Partnership Division.

--- Page 122 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
In 2016 as an appointed President of the Management Board of BGK, Ms Daszyńska-Muzyczka launched 
a new BGK strategy, focusing on the implementation of actions planned in the governmental Strategy for 
Responsible Development of Poland. Since June 2019 she has been the chairman of the supervisory board 
of the 3SI Investment Fund, which aims at financing infrastructure needs in the 3S region to support 
integration and strengthen economic cohesion in the EU. 
Beata Daszyńska-Muzyczka holds a Master's degree in corporate finance management and completed the 
Advance Leadership Programme at the ICAN Institute of the Harvard Business Review. She is an alumna 
of Cambridge University.  
Paweł Nierada – First vice-president of the Management Board 
Paweł Nierada has extensive experience in investment banking and the capital markets sector. He has 
carried out numerous projects in the area of public and private markets (IPOs, bond and share issues, market 
analysis), mergers and acquisitions, and has provided strategic advice to large corporate entities as well as 
advice on privatisation (to the Ministry of State Treasury and investors) in Poland and abroad. 
He is an expert on energy as well as energy strategy and security of the Sobieski Institute in Warsaw.  
Between 2007 and 2016 he was the Managing Partner at Rada Partners – a consulting firm in the field of 
strategic advice, capital markets and holistic approach to company management. Between 2007 and 2012 
he was the President of the Management Board of Silkroute Securities (Polska) Sp. z o.o., between 2006 
and 2007 he was a director at ERSTE Corporate Finance in Poland (part of the ERSTE Bank group), 
between 2003 and 2006 he was a director of the Financial Advisory Team at Deloitte, between 2000 and 
2003 he held a managerial position at NM Rothschild Polska Sp. z o.o., and between 1997 and 2000 he was 
senior analyst in Natural Resources and the Global Power Team at Credit Suisse First Boston (Europe). 
He speaks at numerous conferences in Poland and abroad and provides commentaries on capital markets 
as well as the fuel and energy sector for the media. He received the status of “approved person” awarded 
by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom. 
Paweł Nierada is a graduate of the Warsaw School of Economics (Faculty of Finance and Banking) and the 
University of Minnesota, Carlson School of Management. He has participated in a number of specialised 
courses on venture capital, corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions and capital markets. 
Włodzimierz Kocon – Vice-president of the Management Board 
For more than 20 years Włodzimierz Kocon has been working in the investment sector and in the real estate 
market. He gained his professional experience through holding managerial positions at 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Von der Heyden Group, APP Polska sp. z o.o. and Gerald Eve International 
(Poland) Sp. z o.o. 
From 2007 to 2013 he worked at PZU Asset Management/TFI PZU as the Head of the Real Property Sector 
Office, in charge of the investment activities of PZU Group in the real property market. In 2013 he worked 
at Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego and was the co-developer of the concept of the Flats Apartments for 
Rent Fund. He prepared the investment strategy of BGK Nieruchomości S.A., the Issuer's subsidiary and 
was the President of its Management Board. 
Before becoming the Vice-President of the Management Board of Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego in 2016, 
he was an independent real property market advisor. He holds a professional estate agent’s licence and is a 
member of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors. 
Włodzimierz Kocon graduated from the Faculty of Economics and Social Sciences at the Warsaw School 
of Economics. He also holds an MBA degree from the Warsaw University of Technology.

--- Page 123 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
Radosław Kwiecień – Member of the Management Board  
Since March 2001, Radosław Kwiecień has held managerial positions in various areas at Bank Gospodarki 
Żywnościowej S.A. in Warsaw (currently BNP Paribas Bank Polska S.A.). From 2012 until 2016 he was 
responsible for the bank’s operations as the Director of the National Operations Department. At that time 
he was also a member of the Operating Risk Management and Bank Business Continuity Committee. 
He is a Member of the Cash Transactions Team at the Polish Bank Association. 
Radosław Kwiecień is a graduate from the Economic Faculty of the University of Opole and postgraduate 
studies in controlling and capital investments at the WSB University in Poznań, in preparing and managing 
public-private partnership projects at the Warsaw School of Economics, as well as management studies at 
Koźmiński University. 
Tomasz Robaczyński – Member of the Management Board 
Since 1999, Tomasz Robaczyński has held various positions in the Ministry of Finance. Between 2007 and 
2018, he was Director of the Paying Authority Department at the Ministry of Finance, which manages EU 
funds and supervises co-financing from the budget. Before that, between 2004 and 2007, he was in charge 
of one of the divisions within the department. From 2018 until joining BGK’s Management Board in 2020, 
he was an Undersecretary of State in the Ministry of Finance, responsible for supervising the state budget, 
utilisation of European Union funds and the funding of the state budget’s borrowing needs as well central 
and local government initiatives.  
He has authored and co-authored numerous publications on public finance. 
Mr Robaczyński is a lawyer, he graduated from the Faculty of Law and Administration, at the University 
of Warsaw. He also completed a study course in art history at the Institute of Art History, the University of 
Warsaw, albeit without earning a degree. 
Dariusz Szwed – Member of the Management Board 
Dariusz Szwed has got over 20 years’ experience in the financial sector. Since 2019, he was the Vice 
President of the management board of Alior Bank S.A., where he supervised the entire bank's business - 
sales and products for retail and business customers, treasury activities, private banking area and a 
brokerage office. At the same time, he was the president of the management board of Alior Toarzystwo 
Funduszy Inwestycyjnych S.A. He was also a member of several committees, including the credit 
committee. Previously, since 1995, he was associated with Santander Bank Polska S.A., recently as the 
director of the private banking department, where he was responsible for supervision over comprehensive 
business activities, including operational, credit and reputational risk in this area. He also supervised the 
retail activity of the bank's brokerage office. In addition, he was a member of the team managing the merger 
of Santander Bank Polska S.A. and the separated part of Deutsche Bank, where he was responsible for the 
analysis and implementation of the combined business solutions in the merged bank. 
Mr Szwed is a graduate from the banking and finance faculty of WSB University in Poznań and 
management faculty of Czestochowa University of Technology. He also holds a diploma from Warsaw 
School of Economics. 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board is BGK's supervisory body. It appoints the Management Board members and 
supervises BGK's activities. It also approves BGK's long-term development plans. The Supervisory Board’s 
approval is also required for BGK to issue debt securities.

--- Page 124 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
The Supervisory Board is appointed by the Prime Minister for a four-year term. 
The Audit Committee operates within the Supervisory Board and consists of three to five members selected 
from the members of the Supervisory Board. The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the internal 
audit unit within BGK, monitoring the financial reporting process, the internal control and risk management 
systems and monitoring the external financial audits conducted at BGK. 
The Supervisory Board consists of the following members: 
 
Name 
Position 
Paweł Borys 
President of the Supervisory Board 
Beata Gorajek 
Deputy President of the Supervisory Board 
Marek Niedużak 
Secretary of the Supervisory Board 
Zbigniew Krysiak 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Honorata Krysiewicz 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Wojciech Artur Maj 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Adam Rudzewicz 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Jerzy Szmit 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Łukasz Śmigasiewicz 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Magdalena Tarczewska-Szymańska 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Robert Zima 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
The business address of all Supervisory Board members is: Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego, Al. 
Jerozolimskie 7, 00-955 Warsaw, Poland. The correspondence address of BGK is VARSO 2, ul. Chmielna 
73, 00-801 Warsaw, Poland. 
Paweł Borys – President of the Supervisory Board 
Since 2016, Paweł Borys has been the President of the Supervisory Board of BGK. 
A graduate of the Finance and Banking Faculty of the Warsaw School of Economics, he specialises in 
international financial markets. He complements his professional work with theoretical research in the field 
of finance, banking and economics. From 2001 to and including 2005, he was an employee of the Warsaw 
School of Economics, where he conducted research on the theory of economic convergence and the 
relationship between the financial sector and economic development. He is the author of a number of 
publications and press articles on banking, investment, capital markets and the economy. He is authorised 
to sit on the supervisory boards of State Treasury companies. 
Since May 2016, Paweł Borys has been the President of the Management Board of PFR. As part of his role, 
he has implemented a reform of the system of Polish development institutions within the PFR group and 
the Employee Capital Plans program. Paweł Borys is responsible for the development and implementation 
of anti-crisis measures to counteract the effects of the Covid-19 pandemic, including the PFR’s Financial 
Shield. 
From 2010 to and including 2016 he was the Managing Director at Powszechna Kasa Oszczędności Bank 
Polski S.A. ("PKO BP"), responsible for the area of economic analyses, strategy and development of the 
capital group as well as investor relations. He participated in the development and implementation of two 
development strategies of PKO BP, modernised operating standards and image, implemented leading 
technological solutions in the area of payments and electronic banking, and organised the capital group. He 
also ran, among others, the successfully completed restructuring process of Kredobank in Ukraine, the 
implementation of a strategic alliance between the American payment company EVO Payments 
International and eService S.A., the acquisition and integration of Nordea Bank Polska S.A., and the 
implementation of a new insurance sales model at PKO BP.

--- Page 125 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
From 2005 to and including 2010, he co-founded a Polish company specialising in private equity and 
venture capital investments, acting as Vice President of the investment and advisory company AKJ Capital 
S.A. and the President of the Management Board of AKJ Investment TFI. Previously, in 2001, he was head 
of the Analysis Department, fund manager, and then director of the Investments Department at Deutsche 
Bank Group – Deutsche Asset Management and at DWS. Paweł Borys managed pension programmes for 
leading Polish financial institutions such as the National Bank of Poland and the Warsaw Stock Exchange. 
He has twice received awards for the best investment results of funds on the Polish market. In 2000, Paweł 
Borys was the Chief Economist at the Erste Bank Group in Poland. He dealt with macroeconomic forecasts 
for the Polish economy and analyses of financial markets.  
Since 2018, Paweł Borys has been the Chairman of the Board of the Polish Economic Institute. In addition, 
he is a member of 18 supervisory boards of Polish and foreign entities, including three banks, an insurance 
company as well as mutual funds.  
Beata Gorajek – Deputy President of the Supervisory Board 
Since 2017, Beata Gorajek has been a member of the Supervisory Board of BGK.  
She graduated from the Lublin University of Technology and the Higher School of Pedagogy in Kielce. 
She did postgraduate studies in banking, finance and human resource management. She also obtained an 
MBA degree. 
Beata Gorajek is the Chairman of the Centrum Produkcyjne Pneumatyki “Prema” S.A. Between 2018 and 
2019, she worked at the Polish Investment and Trade Agency as the Director of International Projects. In 
2016, she started working for the Ministry of Development, where she headed the Department of Trade and 
Services, and then she was the General Director until 2018. From 2007 to 2014, she was the President and 
Vice President of the Lublin Trade Fair Management Board. She held managerial positions in ING Bank 
Śląski S.A. and Bank Zachodni WBK S.A. for many years. 
Marek Niedużak – Secretary of the Supervisory Board 
Doctor of legal sciences, attorney at law. He graduated from Jagiellonian University in Poland and the 
University of Cambridge in the UK.  
Since 2016, Marek Niedużak has been employed at the Ministry of Development. Currently, he is the 
Undersecretary of State, and previously he headed the Regulatory Risk Assessment Department and the 
Department of Improvement of Economic Regulations. From 2010 to 2015 he was an Assistant in the 
Department of Theory and Philosophy of Law at the Law College of the Kozminski University. Marek 
Niedużak also ran a private practice as an attorney, and cooperated with leading law firms (Sołtysiński 
Kawecki & Szlęzak, Salans, Clifford Chance and Allen & Overy). 
Marek Niedużak was a member of the supervisory board of the Polish Investment and Trade Agency and 
the Industrial Development Agency. Currently, he cooperates with the Polish Economic Institute. 
Zbigniew Krysiak – Member of the Supervisory Board 
Since 2019 Zbigniew Krysiak has been a member of the Supervisory Board of BGK.  
He has a Ph.D., and is an Associate Professor at the SGH Warsaw School of Economics. He graduated from 
the Warsaw University of Technology and Ecole Superieure de Commerce Toulouse. He holds an MBA 
title.  
Since 2016 Zbigniew Krysiak has been an expert in the Tax System Department of the Ministry of Finance. 
Since 1999, he has worked as a researcher at SGH Warsaw School of Economics. In 2009-2010 he was a

--- Page 126 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
member of the Management Board of BFG. From 2000 to 2003 and 2007 to 2009, he headed the Institute 
of Economics at the State Higher Vocational School in Ciechanów. From 2005 to 2007, he worked as 
Managing Director and then as Advisor to the President of the Management Board of PKO BP. Zbigniew 
Krysiak was also a member of the Management Board of Inteligo Financial Services and AIG Bank Polska. 
In the 1990s, he was the Chief Financial Officer at Pepsi Cola General Bottlers Poland.  
Honorata Krysiewicz – Member of the Supervisory Board 
In July 2020, Honorata Krysiewicz was appointed to the Supervisory Board of BGK. 
She is a graduate of the University of Warsaw in the fields of journalism and social communication, as well 
as European studies. She also obtained an EMBA diploma. 
Since 2018, Honorata Krysiewicz has been working at the Chancellery of the Prime Minister - currently as 
the Director of the Government Work Programming Department and the Secretary of the Government Work 
Programming Team. In 2017-2018, she was the Director of the Department of Sports Infrastructure at the 
Ministry of Sport and Tourism. From 2016 to 2017, she headed the Sports Unit at Opole City Hall. 
Moreover, in 2015-2016 she was the Chancellor for Public Relations Proxy and the Press Spokesman of 
the WSB University in Opole. Starting 2007, she spent over seven years dealing with public relations at 
Telewizja POLSAT. 
Honorata Krysiewicz is a member of the Supervisory Board of Lotos Asfalt sp. z o.o. She is also a member 
of the Social Sports Council at the Ministry of Sport and a member of the Economic Council at the main 
board of the Academic Sports Association. 
Wojciech Artur Maj – Member of the Supervisory Board 
Graduate of the Wrocław University of Technology, Master of Engineering in Automation and Robotics. 
He also obtained Executive Master of Business Administration degree from Wrocław University of 
Economics and completed postgraduate studies in quality management at the Wrocław Technology 
Transfer Centre of Wrocław University of Technology. 
Since 2020 Wojciech Maj has been the President of the Management Board of Wałbrzyskie Zakłady 
Koksownicze "Victoria" S.A. From 2018 to 2020 he was the President of the Management Board of 
Uzdrowiska Kłodzkie S.A. PGU Group. From 2002 to 2018 he gained professional experience in industrial 
companies such as AtlasCopco Polska Sp. z o.o., DeLaval Operations Sp. z o.o., Cooper Industries - 
EATON Group, GE Consumer and Industrial as well as Tafra Wrocław.  
From 2012 to 2013 he conducted own business.  
Wojciech Maj was a member of the supervisory board of Galwanizer sp. z o.o. and Regionalne 
Towarzystwo Budownictwa Społecznego sp. z o.o., as well as a member of the City Council of Ząbkowice 
Śląskie and Chairman of the Independent Students' Association of Wrocław University of Technology. 
Adam Rudzewicz - Member of the Supervisory Board 
Since 2019, Adam Rudzewicz has been a member of the Supervisory Board of BGK.  
He has a PhD in social sciences from the University of Warmia and Mazury in Olsztyn. He also graduated 
from the University of Agriculture and Technology in Olsztyn. 
Since 1997 Adam Rudzewicz has been an assistant professor in the Department of Market Analysis and 
Marketing in the Faculty of Economic Sciences at the University of Warmia and Mazury. Since 2017, he 
has sat on the Supervisory Board of GPW Benchmark S.A. From 2002 to 2016, he lectured at the University

--- Page 127 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
of Entrepreneurship and Management in Łódź, the University of Economy in Bydgoszcz and the University 
of Finance and Management in Białystok. Previously, he also cooperated with Towarzystwo Ubezpieczeń 
Compensa, PTE Norwich Union and Sopot Life Insurance Company Alte Leipziger Hestia. 
Adam Rudzewicz is also a member of the Management Board of the Polish Economic Society, Olsztyn 
branch. 
Jerzy Szmit – Member of the Supervisory Board 
Jerzy Szmit has been a member of the Supervisory Board of BGK since 2016.  
He is a graduate of the Agricultural and Technical Academy and the University of Warsaw. 
From January 2018 to June 2020,Jerzy has been a member of the Management Board for Technical Affairs 
at PKP Telkol sp. z o.o., part of PKP Group. In 2015-2017, Jerzy Szmit was Undersecretary of State at the 
Ministry of Infrastructure and Construction, responsible for highways, roads, road transport and air 
transport. He was a Member of the Polish Parliament from 2011 to 2015 and a Senator of the Republic of 
Poland from 2005 to 2007. Between 1994 and 2011, he was a long-time councillor of the City Council of 
Olsztyn. From 1998 to 1999, he was the Marshal of the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship. Jerzy Szmit was 
also Deputy President of Olsztyn and General Director of the Voivodeship Office in Olsztyn. 
Łukasz Śmigasiewicz – Member of the Supervisory Board 
Since 2017 Łukasz Śmigasiewicz has been a member of the Supervisory Board of BGK. 
He is a graduate of the Karol Adamiecki Academy of Economics in Katowice. He also completed 
postgraduate studies in financial management.  
Łukasz Śmigasiewicz is the Vice President of Management Board of Węglokoks S.A. and Deputy 
Chairman of the Management Board of the Pokolenie Association. From the beginning of 2020, Łukasz 
Śmigasiewicz was managing the Department of Capital Group Reorganisation Projects of Węglokoks S.A. 
From 2006 to 2019, he held the position of Financial Director of Fitwell sp. z o.o. and Wall&Paper sp. z 
o.o. Previously, he also worked in the Marshal's Office of the Silesian Voivodship, where, among other 
things, he was Director of the Sejmik Office. Łukasz Śmigasiewicz was a member of the Supervisory Board 
of the Upper Silesian Agency for Enterprise Transformation and was an Expert of the Ministry of Regional 
Development within the Human Capital Operational Programme 2007 - 2013. 
Magdalena Tarczewska-Szymańska – Member of the Supervisory Board 
Since 2018, Magdalena Tarczewska-Szymańska has been a member of the Supervisory Board of BGK. 
She is a graduate of the Warsaw School of Economics and European Studies at the National School of 
Public Administration. She also completed post-graduate studies in the field of consulting in the 
management of tangible investments. She obtained an EMBA title and the ARGO Top Public Executive 
title.  
Since 2017, she has been the Director General of the Chancellery of the Polish Prime Minister. Since 2018, 
she has served as Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Poczta Polska S.A. During the period 2006 - 2017, 
she was the General Director of the Ministry of Development, the Ministry of the Environment and the 
Ministry of Regional Development. From 2003 to 2006, she headed the Department of European Social 
Fund Implementation at the Ministry of Labour. Previously, she was a long-time employee of the Office of 
the Committee for European Integration. 
Robert Zima – Member of the Supervisory Board

--- Page 128 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
Graduate of mathematics at the Faculty of Applied Mathematics of the AGH University of Science and 
Technology in Krakow. He also completed PhD studies of economics at the College of Management and 
Finance of the Warsaw School of Economics. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst certificate. 
In October 2021, Robert Zima was appointed as the General Director of the Ministry of Development and 
Technology of the Republic of Poland. From 2019 to 2021, he was the Director of the Financial Institutions 
and Organisation of Finance Department at Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego. He was also an External 
Expert at the International Monetary Fund. From 2003 to 2019, he was professionally associated with the 
Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Poland, where he dealt with the topic of public debt, passing through 
all levels of professional career in public administration. From 2016 to 2019, he was the Director of the 
Public Debt Department at the Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Poland.  
Member of supervisory boards of financial institutions, including Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego from 
2016to 2017 and the Council of the Bank Guarantee Fund from 2016 to 2018. 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2020 the Group had 1,859 employees (full-time equivalent) compared to 1,708 
employees (full-time equivalent) as at 31 December 2019.

--- Page 129 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
Each Tranche of Guaranteed Notes will have the benefit of a Guarantee of the Notes. Notes other than 
Guaranteed Notes will not have the benefit of a Guarantee of the Notes. 
For information on the Guarantor, investors should refer to the following sections relating to the Guarantor 
contained in the Simplified Base Prospectus dated 15 March 2021 relating to the Republic of Poland's EUR 
70,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme: 
 
Section 
Page number 
Overview of the Republic of Poland 
50 – 56 
The Economy 
57 – 58 
Recent Economic Performance 
59 – 60 
Trade and Balance of Payments 
61 – 65 
Monetary and Financial System 
66 – 71 
Public Finance 
72 – 73 
General Government Balance 
74 – 82 
Public Debt 
83 – 85 
Internal State Treasury Debt 
86 – 88

--- Page 130 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes and (if applicable) 
the Guarantee of the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating 
to the Notes, whether in Poland or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their own 
tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of the 
Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes or (if applicable) 
the Guarantee of the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This 
summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Offering Circular and is subject to any change 
in law that may take effect after such date, including a change with retroactive effect. Any change may 
negatively affect the tax treatment described below. This description does not purport to be complete with 
respect to all tax information that may be relevant to investors due to their personal circumstances. The 
information provided below does not cover tax consequences resulting from tax exemptions applicable to 
specific taxable items or specific taxpayers (eg domestic or foreign investment funds). 
The reference to "interest" as well as to any other terms in the paragraphs below means "interest" or any 
other term as understood in Polish tax law. 
The tax laws of the investor’s state and of the Issuer’s state of incorporation might have an impact on the 
income received from the securities. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers 
as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions 
under the tax laws of those countries. 
Republic of Poland 
Non-Polish tax residents – individuals 
Under Art. 21.1.130b) of the Personal Income Tax Act dated 26 July 1991 (the "PIT Act"), interest and 
discounts on notes offered on foreign markets, designated for financing the Issuer's statutory objectives 
relating to the support of the Council of Ministers' economic policy, the implementation of government 
socio-economic programmes, local and regional development programmes and income from the disposal 
of such notes received by individuals who are not tax residents in the Republic of Poland are exempt from 
Polish personal income tax. 
Although no Polish withholding tax should apply on interest payable to a non-Polish tax resident individual, 
under specific rules applying to interest income on securities held in Polish omnibus accounts (within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, the "Omnibus Accounts"), under 
Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers holding 
rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the 
tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19% flat-rate tax is withheld 
by the tax remitter (under Art. 41.10 of the PIT Act the entity operating the Omnibus Account) from the 
aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account 
holder. In such case the tax is withheld by the entity operating the Omnibus Account on the day of placing 
the amounts due at the disposal of the Omnibus Account holder (art.26.2b of the CIT Act). If such tax is 
withheld for a non-Polish tax resident individual, to receive a refund of such tax, the individual should 
contact its tax advisor. 
Non-Polish tax residents – corporate income taxpayers 
Under Art. 17.1.50b of the Corporate Income Tax Act dated 15 February 1992 (the "CIT Act") interest and 
discounts on Notes offered on foreign markets, designated for financing the Issuer's statutory objectives 
relating to the support of the Council of Ministers' economic policy, the implementation of government 
socio-economic programmes, local and regional development programmes and income from the disposal 
of such Notes received by corporates who are not tax residents in the Republic of Poland are exempt from 
Polish corporate income tax.

--- Page 131 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
Although no Polish withholding tax should apply on interest payable to non-Polish tax resident corporate 
income taxpayers, under specific rules applying to interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts, 
under Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act, for income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights 
attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax 
remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 20 per cent flat-rate tax is 
withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such 
taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. In such case the tax is withheld by the entity operating the 
Omnibus Account on the day of placing the amounts due at the disposal of the Omnibus Account holder 
(art. 26.2b of the CIT Act). If such tax is withheld for a non-Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer, 
to receive a refund of such tax, the entity should contact its tax advisor.  
Special provisions on large payments made to non-Polish tax residents (corporate income taxpayers and 
individuals) 
Under Art. 26.2e of the CIT Act, if the total amount paid out to a non-Polish tax resident corporate income 
taxpayer on account of the items listed in Art. 21.1 of the CIT Act (including interest/discount on Notes) 
and Art. 22.1 of the CIT Act to the same taxpayer exceeds PLN 2,000,000 in the tax year of the payer, 
payers are, as a general rule, required to withhold, on the day of payment, a flat-rate income tax at the basic 
rate (20 per cent. in the case of interest/discount on Notes) from the excess over that amount, without being 
able not to withhold that tax on the basis of an appropriate double tax treaty and also without taking into 
account exemptions or rates resulting from special regulations (such as Art. 17.1.50b of the CIT Act) or 
double tax treaties (the "Obligation to Withhold Tax").  
However, pursuant to the Regulation of the Minister of Finance dated 31 December 2018 regarding the 
exclusion or limited application of Art. 26.2e of the CIT Act (the "Regulation"), the application of the 
Obligation to Withhold Tax is excluded until 31 December 2021, in relation to, inter alia, interest/discount 
payments originating from Notes issued by the Issuer and designated for financing the Issuer's statutory 
objectives relating to the support of the Council of Ministers' economic policy, the implementation of 
government socio-economic programmes, and local and regional development programmes. 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax, including Art. 41.12 of the PIT Act which provides for 
an analogous tax withholding obligation, while the Regulation of the Minister of Finance of 31 December 
2018 regarding the exclusion or limited application of Art. 41.12 of the PIT Act is the equivalent of the 
Regulation described above. 
Obligation to Withhold Tax in 2022 
It must be noted that, according to the amendments to the PIT and CIT Acts, which will come into force 
from 1 January 2022, the Obligation to Withhold Tax described above will only apply to payments between 
affiliated entities as defined in those acts. 
Polish tax residents – individuals 
Under Art. 3.1 of the PIT Act, natural persons, if residing in the Republic of Poland, are liable for tax on 
their total income (revenue) irrespective of the location of the sources of revenue (unlimited obligation to 
pay tax). 
Under Art. 3.1a of the PIT Act, a Polish tax resident individual is a natural person who (i) has his/her centre 
of personal or business interests located in Poland or (ii) stays in Poland for longer than 183 days in a year, 
unless any relevant tax treaty dictates otherwise. 
Interest income

--- Page 132 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
Under Article 30a.7 of the PIT Act, interest income does not cumulate with general income subject to the 
progressive tax rate, but under Art. 30a.1.2 of the PIT Act it is subject to a 19 per cent. flat rate of tax. 
Under Art. 41.4 of the PIT Act, the interest payer, other than an individual not acting within the scope of 
his/her business activity, should withhold the 19 per cent. Polish tax upon any interest payment.  
Under Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts for individuals, acting as tax 
remitters, should withhold this interest income if such interest income (revenue) has been earned in the 
territory of Poland and is connected with securities registered in the said accounts, and the interest payment 
to the individual (the taxpayer) is made through said entities. This principle also applies to remitters who 
pay corporate income tax and are subject to limited tax liability in Poland, to the extent they conduct their 
business through a foreign establishment and it is to that establishment's operations that the securities 
account is linked. Consequently, foreign entities that do not operate through a Polish permanent 
establishment, e.g. foreign investment firms, in principle do not withhold the tax.  
There are no regulations defining in which cases income earned (revenue) by a Polish tax resident should 
be considered income (revenue) earned in Poland. However, it is expected that such cases will be analogous 
to those of non-residents. Pursuant to Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act, income (revenues) earned in the Republic 
of Poland by non-residents shall include in particular income (revenues) from: 
a) 
work performed in the Republic of Poland based on a service relationship, employment 
relationship, outwork system and co-operative employment relationship irrespective of the place 
where remuneration is paid; 
b) 
activity performed in person in the Republic of Poland irrespective of the place where 
remuneration is paid; 
c) 
economic activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign establishment 
located in the Republic of Poland; 
d) 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, including from 
its disposal in whole or in part, or from disposal of any rights to such property; 
e) 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the Republic of Poland 
as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained from the disposal of these 
securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting from them; 
f) 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a partnership 
without legal personality, or participation in an investment fund or a collective investment 
undertaking or other legal entity or receivables being a consequence of holding those shares, rights 
and obligations or participation - if at least 50% of the value of assets of this company, partnership, 
investment fund, collective investment undertaking or legal entity is constituted, directly or 
indirectly, by immovable properties located in the Republic of Poland, or rights to such immovable 
properties; 
g) 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, units or similar rights in the real 
property company as defined in the PIT Act; 
h) 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by natural 
persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having their place of 
residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of Poland, irrespective of the 
place of concluding and performing the agreement; and 
i) 
unrealised gains as referred to in the exit tax regulations.

--- Page 133 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
The above list is not exhaustive; therefore, the tax authorities may also consider that income (revenues) not 
listed above is sourced in Poland.  
Given the above, in particular point g), interest on the Notes should be considered as income earned in 
Poland. In such a case, it should be expected that, the Polish entity operating the securities account for the 
individual will withhold the tax. This also applies to the entities which are not tax residents in Poland to the 
extent they carry out an economic activity via a foreign establishment situated in the territory of Poland if 
the account on which securities are entered is related to the activity of this establishment. 
Therefore, it should be expected that if a non-Polish entity (not conducting business activity in Poland) 
operates the securities account outside Poland for the individual it will not withhold the tax. It is not entirely 
clear whether in such case (i.e. if a payment is made through a foreign entity operating a securities account 
and not collecting the withholding tax) the Issuer should or should not withhold the tax. 
Under Article 45.3b of the PIT Act, if the tax is not withheld, the individual is obliged to settle the tax 
himself/herself by 30 April of the following year.  
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts. Under Art. 41.10 
of the PIT Act, insofar as securities registered in Omnibus Accounts are concerned, the entities operating 
Omnibus Accounts through which the amounts due are paid are liable to withhold the flat-rate income tax 
on interest income. The tax is charged on the day of placing the amounts due at the disposal of the Omnibus 
Account holder.  
Pursuant to Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest transferred to 
taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been 
revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19% flat-rate 
tax is withheld by the tax remitter (under Art. 41.10 of the PIT Act the entity operating the Omnibus 
Account) from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the 
Omnibus Account holder. 
Under Art. 45.3c of the PIT Act, taxpayers are obliged to disclose the amount of interest (discount) on 
securities (including the Notes) in the annual tax return if the Notes were registered in Omnibus Account 
and the taxpayer's identity was not revealed to the tax remitter. 
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (if any), including in countries 
which have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland, up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not 
higher than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be deducted from the Polish tax liability. Double 
tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
Other income 
Income other than interest derived by a Polish tax resident individual from financial instruments held as 
non-business assets, qualify as capital income according to Art. 17 of the PIT Act. This income does not 
cumulate with the general income subject to the progressive tax scale but is subject to a 19 per cent. flat 
rate tax. The costs of acquiring the securities are recognised at the time the revenue is achieved. Based on 
Art. 17.2 and Art. 19.1 of the PIT Act, if the price expressed in the contract without a valid reason 
significantly deviates from the market value, the amount of income is determined by the tax authority or 
fiscal control authority in the amount of the market value. In principle, this income should be settled by the 
taxpayer by 30 April of the year following the year in which the income was earned. No tax or tax advances 
are withheld by the person making the payments. 
Notes held as business assets

--- Page 134 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
If an individual holds the Notes as business assets, in principle, interest (discount) and income from transfer 
of Notes against a consideration should be subject to tax in the same way as other business income. The 
tax, at 19 per cent. flat rate or the 17 per cent. to 32 per cent. progressive tax rate depending on the choice 
and meeting of certain conditions, should be settled by the individuals themselves 
Polish tax residents – corporate income taxpayers  
Under Art. 3.1 of the CIT Act the entire income of taxpayers who have their registered office or 
management in Poland is subject to tax obligation in Poland, irrespective of where the income is earned. 
A Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer is subject to income tax in respect of the Notes (including 
any capital gains and on interest/discount), following the same principles as those which apply to any other 
income received from business activity within the same source of income. As a rule, for Polish income tax 
purposes interest is recognised as revenue on a cash basis, i.e. when it is received and not when it has 
accrued. In respect of capital gains, the cost of acquiring the securities will be recognised at the time the 
revenue from the disposal of the securities for remuneration is achieved. Revenue from a transfer of Notes 
against a consideration is in principle their value expressed in the price specified in the contract. If the price 
expressed in the contract, without a valid reason, significantly deviates from the market value, the revenue 
amount is determined by the tax authority in the amount of the market value (Art. 14 of the CIT Act). In 
the case of income from the transfer of securities against a consideration, tax deductible costs are generally 
recognized when the corresponding revenue has been achieved. The taxpayer itself (without the 
involvement of the tax remitter) settles tax on interest (discount) and on the transfer of securities against a 
consideration, which is settled along with other income from the taxpayer’s business activity within the 
same source of income.  
Regarding the proper source of revenue, in principle, the income (revenue) from the Notes, including their 
transfer for consideration, is combined with revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b.1 of the CIT Act). In the 
case of insurers, banks and some other entities (such as financial institutions), this revenue is included in 
revenues other than revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b (2) of the CIT Act). 
The appropriate tax rate will be the same as the tax rate applicable to business activity, i.e. 19 per cent. for 
a regular corporate income taxpayer or 9 per cent. for small and new taxpayers. 
Although no Polish withholding tax should apply on interest payable to Polish corporate income taxpayers, 
under specific rules applying to interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts, under Art. 26.2a 
of the CIT Act, for income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to 
securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in 
accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 20 per cent flat-rate tax is withheld by the 
tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the 
Omnibus Account holder. In such case the tax is withheld by the entity operating the Omnibus Account on 
the day of placing the amounts due at the disposal of the Omnibus Account holder (art.26.2b of the CIT 
Act). If such tax is withheld for a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer, to receive a refund of such 
tax, the entity should contact its tax advisor. 
Under Art. 20.1 of the CIT Act, any withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which 
have not concluded any tax treaty with Poland), can be deducted from the Polish tax liability, up to an 
amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher than the tax calculated in accordance with the applicable 
domestic tax rate. Double tax treaties may provide for other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
Tax on civil law transactions 
Neither an issuance of the Notes nor a redemption of the Notes is subject to tax on civil law transactions 
(the "PCC").

--- Page 135 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
Under Art. 1.1.1.a of the Tax on Civil Law Transactions Act (the "PCC Act"), agreements for sale or 
exchange of assets or proprietary rights are subject to tax on civil law transactions. The Notes should be 
considered as representing proprietary rights. Transactions are taxable if their subjects are: 
1) 
assets located in Poland or proprietary rights exercisable in Poland; 
2) 
assets located abroad or proprietary rights exercisable abroad if the acquirer's place of residence 
or registered office is located in Poland and the civil law transaction was carried out in Poland. 
Although this is not clearly addressed in the law and there are grounds to classify rights incorporated in the 
Notes as rights exercisable outside of Poland, it is likely that the Notes will be considered as rights 
exercisable in Poland. Consequently, as a rule, the tax should apply regardless of the place where a sale or 
exchange transaction is concluded. 
Tax on the sale or exchange of the Notes is 1 per cent. of their market value. It is payable within 14 days 
after the sale or exchange agreement has been entered into. However, if such agreement has been entered 
into in notarial form, the tax due should be withheld and paid by the notary public. Tax on sale of the Notes 
is payable by the entity acquiring the the Notes. In the case of exchange agreements, tax on civil law 
transactions should be payable by both parties jointly and severally. 
However, under Art. 9.9 of the PCC Act, a PCC exemption applies to the sale of property rights constituting 
financial instruments (such as the Notes):  
1) 
to investment companies and foreign investment companies; 
2) 
via investment companies or foreign investment companies; 
3) 
as part of organised trading;  
4) 
outside organised trading by investment companies and foreign investment companies, if those 
rights were acquired by those companies under organised trading, 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Act of 29 July 2005 on Trading in Financial Instruments. 
Under Article 2.4 of the PCC Act, as a rule, PCC does not apply to civil law activities such as selling or 
exchanging the Notes: (i) to the extent such activity is charged with VAT (in any EU country), or (ii) if at 
least one of the parties to the transaction is exempt from VAT (in any EU country). 
Remitter's liability 
Under Art. 30 of the Tax Code dated 29 August 1997, a tax remitter failing to fulfil its duty to calculate, 
withhold or pay tax to a relevant tax authority is liable for the tax that has not been withheld or that has 
been withheld but not paid, up to the value of all its assets. The tax remitter is not liable if the specific 
provisions provide otherwise or if tax has not been withheld due to the taxpayer's fault. In such case, the 
relevant tax authority will issue a decision concerning the taxpayer's liability. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate.

--- Page 136 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary' market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer 
does not expect to be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including 
Poland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United 
States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication 
of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" and Notes issued on or prior to the date that 
is six months after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with 
the U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date. However, if additional notes (as described under "Terms and 
Conditions—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, 
as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these 
rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 137 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banco Santander, S.A., Bank 
Pekao S.A., BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., J.P. Morgan AG and 
Société Générale (together the "Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be 
agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealer 
agreement dated 23 December 2021 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the 
Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the 
relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealers and the commissions or 
other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The 
Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers 
and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in 
relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America 
Guaranteed Notes – Regulation S Category 1 
The following provisions apply to Guaranteed Notes only. 
The Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
and Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to U.S. persons. Each of the Dealers has agreed that, except as 
permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of the Bearer Notes, deliver the 
Notes within the United States or to U.S. persons. In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of any 
offering, an offer or sale of Notes from that offering within the United States by any dealer whether or not 
participating in the offering may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Notes other than Guaranteed Notes – Regulation S Category 2 
The following provisions apply to Notes other than Guaranteed Notes only. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the

--- Page 138 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes other than Guaranteed Notes includes a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it 
has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
ii) 
a customer within the meaning Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and 
b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form band by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes other than Guaranteed Notes includes a legend entitles 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form band by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Other United Kingdom regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that:

--- Page 139 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
A. 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
B. 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA 
by the Issuer; 
b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer or (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor; and 
c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Republic of Poland 
Each Dealer has agreed that it has offered or sold and will offer and sell any Notes to residents in the 
Republic of Poland as part of their initial or secondary distribution only in accordance with the applicable 
Polish laws and regulations as amended or supplemented from time to time. Polish residents (natural and 
legal persons and partnerships without legal personality) may purchase the Notes as part of the initial or 
secondary distribution. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Offering Circular has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it 
has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Offering Circular or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than

--- Page 140 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, 
(ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, 
or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
i) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) 
the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is 
owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
ii) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(A) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(B) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(C) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(D) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(E) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Switzerland 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus 
under the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") because the Notes will not be admitted to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. This Offering Circular does not 
constitute a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or 
in connection with the offering of the Notes. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Offering Circular. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General".

--- Page 141 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification will be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or (in any other case) in a supplement to this 
Offering Circular.

--- Page 142 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange Notes issued under the Programme 
described in this Offering Circular to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Authorisations 
Each of the Issuer and Guarantor has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, 
approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes and the Guarantee 
of the Notes. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. The 
appropriate Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Notes 
of each Series will be specified in the Final Terms relating thereto. The relevant Final Terms shall specify 
any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further 
appropriate information. 
Euroclear's address is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium. Clearstream, Luxembourg's 
address is 42, avenue Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg. 
Litigation 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months 
prior to the date of this Offering Circular, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuer and/or the Group. 
Material/Significant Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer and/or the 
Group or any significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer and/or the 
Group since 31 December 2020. 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies and, where 
appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be inspected during normal business 
hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and the Listing Agent in Luxembourg, namely: 
a) 
the Guarantees of the Notes; 
b) 
the Agency Agreement; 
c) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
d) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form);

--- Page 143 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
e) 
the Act dated 14 March 2003 on Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego and the Regulation of the 
Minister of Development dated 16 September 2016 on the Adoption of the Statute of Bank 
Gospodarstwa Krajowego; 
f) 
the resolutions of the Management Board of the Issuer authorising the issuance of each Tranche 
of the Notes; 
g) 
the resolutions of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer authorising the issuance of each Tranche of 
the Notes; and 
h) 
the Letters of Issue relating to each Tranche of the Notes for which a Letter of Issue is required by 
law, 
and copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be obtained, free 
of charge, during normal business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and at the specified office 
of the Paying Agent: 
(A) 
this Offering Circular (and any supplements hereto);  
(B) 
the Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. In the case of any Notes which are not 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available for inspection by a 
holder of the relevant Notes upon production of evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant 
Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity;  
(C) 
the consolidated financial statements of the Group (together with the opinion and report of the 
auditor) for the two most recent financial years; 
(D) 
the standalone financial statements of the Issuer (together with the opinion and report of the 
auditor) for the two most recent financial years; 
(E) 
the reports on activities of the Group for the two most recent financial years; and 
(F) 
the most recent the Simplified Prospectus relating to the Republic of Poland's EUR 70,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
In addition, this Offering Circular, any supplements hereto and the documents specified as containing 
information incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular will also be available on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). The Issuer publishes reports on an annual basis which are 
available free of charge and without access restrictions on the Issuer's website, www.en.bgk.pl/investor-
relations/annual-report. The Polish language versions of the Act dated 14 March 2003 on Bank 
Gospodarstwa Krajowego and the Regulation of the Minister of Development dated 16 September 2016 on 
the Adoption of the Statute of Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego constituting the Issuer’s up-to-date 
memorandum and articles of association are available free of charge and without access restrictions on the 
Issuer's 
website, 
www.bgk.pl/przydatne-informacje/standardy-dzialania/lad-korporacyjny/. 
English 
translations of the Act dated 14 March 2003 on Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego and the Regulation of the 
Minister of Development dated 16 September 2016 on the Adoption of the Statute of Bank Gospodarstwa 
Krajowego constituting the Issuer’s up-to-date memorandum and articles of association are available free 
of charge and without access restrictions on the Issuer's website, https://www.en.bgk.pl/about-us/investor-
relations/operating-standards/.

--- Page 144 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
Auditors 
The Group's consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 and the 
Issuer’s standalone financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 have been audited 
by Małgorzata Pek-Kocik, statutory auditor, member of the National Chamber of Statutory Auditors 
(Polska Izba Biegłych Rewidentów), licence no. 13070, acting on behalf of Mazars Audyt spółka z 
ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością with its registered office in Warsaw at ul. Piękna 18, 00-549 Warsaw, an 
entity authorised to audit financial statements entered on the list kept by the National Chamber of Statutory 
Auditors (Polska Izba Biegłych Rewidentów) under no. 186 and Mazars Audyt spółka z ograniczoną 
odpowiedzialnością have rendered unqualified audit reports on these financial statements of the Group and 
the Issuer.  
The Group's consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 and the 
Issuer’s standalone financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 have been audited 
by Dorota Snarska-Kuman, statutory auditor, member of the National Chamber of Statutory Auditors 
(Polska Izba Biegłych Rewidentów), licence no. 9667, acting on behalf of Deloitte Audyt spółka z 
ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością with its registered office in Warsaw at al. Jana Pawła II 22, 00-133 
Warsaw, an entity authorised to audit financial statements entered on the list kept by the National Chamber 
of Statutory Auditors (Polska Izba Biegłych Rewidentów) under no. 73 and Deloitte Audyt spółka z 
ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością have rendered unqualified audit reports on these financial statements of 
the Group and the Issuer.  
Mazars Audyt spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością was appointed as the Issuer’s auditor for three 
years, starting from the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020, with an option to extend 
its appointment for additional two years. The appointment of Mazars Audyt spółka z ograniczoną 
odpowiedzialnością as the Issuer’s auditor is a result of the expiry of the appointment of the Issuer’s 
previous auditor, Deloitte Audyt spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp. k.  
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis 
of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue 
Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference 
obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and their affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their 
general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates. Certain of the Dealers of their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer and the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and their affiliates consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the

--- Page 145 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments 
and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
Issuer Website 
The Issuer's website is https://www.en.bgk.pl/. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this 
Offering Circular, information contained on the website does not form part of this Offering Circular. 
Vailidity of Offering Circular and supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Offering Circular after 
the end of its 12-month validity period.  
The Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 259400BCOV9JJIGLYF05.

--- Page 146 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego 
Al. Jerozolimskie 7 
00-955 Warsaw 
Poland 
THE GUARANTOR 
The Republic of Poland 
Ministry of Finance 
ul. Świętokrzyska 12 
00-916 Warsaw 
Poland 
ARRANGER 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7  
1102 BD Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
 
DEALERS 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
Bank Pekao S.A. 
ul. Grzybowska 53/57 
00-844 Warsaw 
Poland 
 
BNP Paribas 
16 boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz)  
60311 Frankfurt am Main  
Federal Republic of Germany 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7  
1102 BD Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 147 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
5th Floor 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law: 
To the Issuer as to Polish law: 
Allen & Overy LLP 
1 Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
Allen & Overy, A. Pędzich sp. k. 
ul. Grzybowska 56 
00-844 Warsaw 
Poland 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
To the Dealers as to Polish law: 
Clifford Chance 
Janicka, Krużewski, Namiotkiewicz i 
wspólnicy Sp.k 
Norway House 
ul. Lwowska 19 
00-660 Warsaw 
Poland 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg