--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
 
BANK NORWEGIAN ASA 
(incorporated with limited liability in Norway)  
 
€1,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the €1,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) described in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus), Bank Norwegian 
ASA (previously known as Bank Norwegian AS) (the Issuer, Bank Norwegian or the Bank) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes which term shall 
include, so far as the context permits, VPS Notes (as defined below)) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined 
below).  
The Notes may be issued in bearer form or in uncertificated book entry form (the VPS Notes) settled through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext VPS, Euronext VPS). 
As more fully described herein, Notes may be issued (i) on an unsubordinated basis (Senior Preferred Notes); or (ii) on a non-preferred basis (Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) as provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes”, as the case may be. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €1,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed 
under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing 
basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one 
Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). The Central 
Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin) of the Irish 
Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or another regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA in circumstances that require the 
publication of a prospectus.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to its official list (the Official List) and to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. The Issuer has further requested that the Central Bank of 
Ireland send to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) (the NFSA) in its capacity as the competent authority in Norway (i) a copy of this 
Base Prospectus and (ii) a certificate of approval pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, for purposes of listing Notes on the Oslo Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Each of the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and the Oslo Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been either admitted (i) to the Official List 
and to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin or (ii) to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market, as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the relevant Series (as defined below). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is 
applicable to each Tranche (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes”, as the case 
may be) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin (if listed 
on Euronext Dublin). Copies of the Final Terms in relation to the Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin.  
The Issuer is rated “BBB/A-2” by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P). S&P is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation) and is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered under the CRA Regulation, which is available on the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-certified-CRAs) (last updated on 7 May 2021). 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Arranger 
Nordea 
Dealers 
Danske Bank 
DNB Bank 
Nordea 
SEB 
Swedbank 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 19 August 2021

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein 
by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on 
the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any 
other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in 
relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant Dealer or 
the Managers, as the case may be. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
(a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition 
and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or 
invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any 
Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct 
as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do 
not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to 
advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers 
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed 
or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable 
laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering, 
sale and/or transfer of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including, for these purposes, Norway), the United 
Kingdom (UK) and Japan, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine 
the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish 
to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such potential investor’s financial 
activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce risk or 
enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential 
investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either 
alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments 
for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
(the Securities Act) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not 
be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see 
“Subscription and Sale”).

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
Notes denominated in NOK may not be offered, sold or delivered in Norway or to or for the benefit of persons 
domiciled in Norway, unless in compliance with the regulations relating to the offer of VPS Notes and the 
registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS (as defined herein). 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes (as described in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes – Interest” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes – Interest”) may, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, be calculated by reference to certain reference rates (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). If any such reference rate does constitute such a 
benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a 
particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the 
applicable Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a 
matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the 
applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
IMPORTANT – MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II (as defined above) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars, DKK and DKR 
refer to Danish Kroner, NKR, NKr or NOK refer to Norwegian Kroner, SEK refer to Swedish Krona, GBP, 
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling, yen refer to Japanese Yen, and euro and € refer to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
Certain information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties. Where third party information 
has been so sourced, the source is stated where it appears in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer confirms that it has 
accurately reproduced such information and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by third parties, it has omitted no facts which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation or 
over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of 
any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ........................................................................................................................................... 7 
Risk Factors .................................................................................................................................................................. 13 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ......................................................................................................................... 31 
Form of the Notes ......................................................................................................................................................... 34 
Applicable Final Terms ................................................................................................................................................. 36 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes ........................................................................................... 45 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes ...................................................................................................................... 71 
Use of Proceeds ............................................................................................................................................................. 97 
Bank Norwegian ASA (the Issuer)................................................................................................................................ 98 
Book entry settlement in respect of VPS Notes .......................................................................................................... 117 
Taxation ...................................................................................................................................................................... 118 
Subscription and Sale .................................................................................................................................................. 120 
General Information .................................................................................................................................................... 123

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
 
Overview of the Programme  
 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes 
shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event a new 
Base Prospectus will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS 
Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” shall have the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
Bank Norwegian ASA 
Issuer’s 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
(LEI): 
5967007LIEEXZX6ZCW47  
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In addition, 
there are certain factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme and risks relating to the structure of a particular Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme. All of these are set out under 
“Risk Factors” below.  
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Dealers: 
Danske Bank A/S 
DNB Bank ASA 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of 
the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes 
of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a 
limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of at 
least £100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
VPS Agent: 
DNB Bank ASA 
VPS Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
Programme Size: 
Up to €1,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. 
The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may 
be denominated in euro, Danish Kroner, Norwegian Kroner, Swedish 
Krona, U.S. dollars, yen and any other currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which 
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form or, in the case of VPS Notes, 
uncertificated book entry form, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Each Note (other than VPS Notes) will on issue be represented by 
either a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, by a Permanent Global Note which will be exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes. 
 
VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of 
title. Entitlements to VPS Notes will be evidenced by the crediting of 
VPS Notes to accounts with Euronext VPS. VPS Notes will not be 
exchangeable for bearer Notes and vice versa. See “Form of the 
Notes” below. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and updated 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the Reference Rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject as provided in Condition 4.2(d) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
and Condition 4(b)(iv) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
VPS Notes. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon giving notice to 
the Noteholders on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 6.4 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or 
Condition 6(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes applies, 
if a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer shall be entitled 
to redeem the Notes (subject, if applicable, to the prior permission of 
the Relevant Regulator). 
No early redemption of Notes may take place without the prior written 
permission of the Relevant Regulator (if and to the extent such 
permission is required). 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year” above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency, see “Certain Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less 
than one year” above, and save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law, 
as provided in Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
other than VPS Notes and Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes. In the event that any such deduction is made, the 
Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS 
Notes and Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, 
be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted. 
The obligation to pay additional amounts under Condition 7 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and 
Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes will be 
limited to payments of interest. 
Cross-Acceleration 
and 
Cross-
Default: 
The Notes have limited events of default and do not contain a cross-
default or cross-acceleration provision. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge provision. 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional,

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank 
pari passu among themselves and (save for certain debts required to 
be preferred by law) at least equally with all other unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, present and future, from time to time 
outstanding. 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes: 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and will at all times rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves.  
Subject as set out in the paragraph below, in the event of a liquidation, 
dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public 
administration (except, in any such case, a solvent liquidation, 
dissolution, or winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, 
reconstruction or amalgamation of the Issuer, the terms of which 
reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation have previously been 
approved by (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes other than 
Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes) an Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) of the holders of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes) 
approved by a VPS Noteholders Meeting (as defined in the VPS 
Trustee Agreement) of the holders of the Senior Non-Preferred VPS 
Notes and do not provide that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes thereby 
become redeemable or repayable), claims of the Noteholders against 
the Issuer in respect of or arising under the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes (including any amounts attributable to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations 
thereunder) shall rank: 
(a) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(b) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Non-Preferred Parity 
Securities and Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any;  
(c) 
in priority to claims in respect of Non-Preferred Junior 
Securities; and 
(d) 
junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors. 
Following the implementation of the Creditor Hierarchy Directive in 
Norway on 1 July 2021, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to), by 
providing notice (the Ranking Notice) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes or Condition 11 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable, specify that (subject to 
the laws of Norway) the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (together with 
any other outstanding Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) shall 
rank within the class of unsecured debt instruments of the Issuer 
having the lower priority ranking contemplated by Article 108(2) of 
the BRRD, as set out in the Creditor Hierarchy Directive with effect 
from the date specified in the Ranking Notice (for the avoidance of 
doubt, should there be any inconsistency between any statutory 
ranking introduced in Norway in order to implement the provisions of 
Article 108(2) of the BRRD and the ranking as set out in in the 
paragraph above, such statutory ranking shall prevail). 
See Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than 
VPS Notes and Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes. 
No right of set-off or counterclaim: 
No Noteholder who becomes indebted to the Issuer shall, in the event 
of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of 
public administration, be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or 
counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
Notes held by such Noteholder. 
Substitution or Variation: 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 6.10 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or 
Condition 6(j) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as 
applicable applies, if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event 
occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 18 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes or Condition 17 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable, the Issuer may, subject to 
the provisions of Condition 6.10 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes or Condition 6(j) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable (if applicable and to the 
extent so required), either substitute all (but not some only) of the 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case 
may be) for, or vary their terms so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Qualifying MREL Securities (as defined in Condition 19 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or 
Condition 18 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as 
applicable), as further provided in Condition 6.10 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or Condition 6(j) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable. 
Rating: 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing: 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to 
be listed on Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be admitted to trading on either the Regulated Market of 
Euronext Dublin or the Oslo Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market, as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation 
to the relevant Series.  
 
The applicable Final Terms will state the relevant regulated market(s). 
Governing Law: 
The Notes other than the VPS Notes and all non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them will be governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save for 
Conditions 2 and 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other 
than VPS Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with such conditions which will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
 
VPS Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them will be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law, save for Conditions 2, 3, 10, 11, 12, 13, 
and 14 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes and all non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such 
conditions which will be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, Norwegian law. 
 
The VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Act of 15 March 
2019 no. 64 on Central Securities Depositories (the CSD Act) (Nw. 
verdipapirsentralloven), which implements Regulation (EU) No. 
909/2014 into Norwegian law, and, to the extent applicable the 
Norwegian Act on Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 
2002 no. 64, as amended from time to time, and the holders of VPS 
Notes will be entitled to the rights and subject to the obligations and 
liabilities which arise under these Acts and any related regulations and 
legislation.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offer, sale and/or transfer of the Notes in the United States, the 
EEA (including, for these purposes, Norway), the UK and Japan. 
Further restrictions may be required in connection with any particular 
Tranche of Notes. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. In the case of Notes other than VPS Notes, 
TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
Risk Factors 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could 
materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments under the Notes. In addition, factors which 
the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based 
on information currently available to it and which it may not currently be able to anticipate. Prospective 
investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their 
own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this section. 
1. RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
A. RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER’S BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS 
Credit risk related to unsecured consumer lending and defaults 
The business of the Issuer (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes) primarily 
consists of unsecured consumer lending and issuance of credit cards to consumers in the Nordic countries. The 
Issuer is currently working on expanding its business, through the same business model, into Europe, currently 
focusing on Germany and Spain. Consequently, credit risk is a predominant factor and a core risk in the Issuer's 
business as there is a risk that some debtors will not be able to repay the credit in full and on time due to 
unexpected variation in such debtors' ability to meet their payment obligations towards the Issuer. The credit 
risk may be materialised if the Issuer's current and future debtors end up in a financial situation where they 
cannot pay amounts owed to the Issuer as they fall due, or otherwise abstain from fulfilling their obligations.  
Such adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer's debtors may for instance be a result of general 
deterioration in the Norwegian, Nordic, European or global economic conditions. Also, higher levels of 
unemployment, for example, may lead to reduced or deferred levels of spending, with adverse impact on fees 
and commissions received on credit card transactions and demand for unsecured lending. Higher unemployment 
rates and decreasing income among the Issuer’s customers both through job losses and lower pressure in the 
overall employment market can also have a negative impact on the Issuer’s results, including through an 
increase in arrears, forbearance, impairment provisions and defaults. Consequently, sustained high levels of 
unemployment could have a material adverse impact on the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and/or prospects.  
In the event of debtors' default, the Issuer has to take measures to collect the loans which is costly and might be 
unsuccessful. If a significant portion of the Issuer's debtors are not able to fulfil their obligations and do not have 
sufficient unencumbered assets available to finance a repayment of their obligation to the Issuer, the Issuer's 
results of operations and financial position could be materially adversely affected. 
Loan losses may occur at a rate higher than experienced in the past due to the prevailing market conditions. The 
global outbreak of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the measures implemented by several authorities 
to contain it, are expected to continue to have a material and adverse impact on the level of economic activity in 
the Nordics and the rest of the world, and may lead to a sudden loss of income for many of the Issuer’s 
borrowers.  
COVID-19 related restrictions have drastically changed the consumption pattern throughout the Nordic region. 
The credit card is an everyday card that is used for large variety of purchases. On average, 99.5 per cent. of card 
use is repaid the following month. The liquidity available to especially home-owners has increased due to lower 
interest levels, as well as customers’ rational and good payment discipline has continued through 2020 and into 
2021 and COVID-19. The demand for instalment loans has decreased in all markets due to COVID-19. The 
Issuer experienced a strong growth in deposits in 2020, following the reduced interest levels in all countries and 
improved competitive position in the deposit markets. 
If interest rates payable by borrowers should increase and/or the borrowers suffer a decline in or loss of income, 
the borrowers may be unable to meet their payment obligations on their loans, which may lead to increased 
defaults as well as write-downs and losses for the Issuer in relation to such loans. This may in turn adversely 
affect the Issuer’s ability to perform their obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
Potential reduction in demand for the Issuer's main business segments  
The Issuer derives its revenue almost entirely from unsecured personal loans and credit cards granted through 
the Issuer. Compared to banks with a more diversified product portfolio, the Issuer may be more exposed to 
adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions or other factors affecting the personal loan and credit card 
market. According to the Issuer's consolidated interim report for the period 1 January 2021 to 30 June 2021, a 
significant share of the Issuer's interest income is generated through consumer instalment loan product 
(approximately 70 per cent.), while the remainder is generated by credit cards (approximately 30 per cent.).  
The demand for the products the Issuer offers may be reduced due to a variety of factors. High levels of 
unemployment in the markets in which the Issuer operates will likely reduce the number of customers who 
qualify for consumer loan or credit cards, which in turn may reduce the Issuer's revenues. Similarly, reduced 
consumer confidence and spending may decrease the demand for the Issuer's consumer loan and credit cards as 
well as the amount of money consumers are able or willing to deposit in savings deposit accounts maintained by 
the Issuer which in turn would affect the Issuer's liquidity rates, which could materially adversely affect the 
business prospects and financial condition of the Issuer. For instance, the Issuer experienced a negative growth 
in demand for credit cards in the period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020. This is mainly due to lower 
spending related to COVID-19.  
There are positive signs on credit card usage coming from low levels in the first half of 2021. However, the 
combination of low demand and balances is expected to give reduced interest income going forward, compared 
to normal quarters. This will be offset somewhat by lower interest expense from reduced deposit interest levels, 
mainly in Norway and Denmark, with the latest reduction taking effect from July 2021. In the longer term, there 
are expectations that economic growth will return sooner in areas that have obtained high vaccination 
penetration and group immunity. 
The recent restructuring of the financing of Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA (Norwegian Air Shuttle) may also 
have decreased demand for Norwegian Cashpoints specifically. This would affect the Issuer's profitability, 
which could materially adversely affect the business prospects and financial condition of the Issuer. 
COVID-19 had an adverse impact on the Issuer, and may further adversely impact the Issuer.  
COVID-19 has had a significant impact on global macroeconomic conditions and financial markets and the 
economic environments in which the Issuer operates, including in the Nordics. The number of reported cases of 
COVID-19 worldwide, as well as the number of reported deaths as a consequence of COVID-19 worldwide, 
significantly exceed those observed during the SARS epidemic that occurred from November 2002 to July 2003. 
In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 to be a pandemic. Given the ongoing and 
dynamic nature of the consequences of COVID-19 and the government measures implemented to counter or 
limit the adverse impact of the outbreak, it is not possible at this time accurately to assess the ultimate impact of 
the outbreak for the world economy, the Nordic economies and/or the Issuer. Further, the outbreak and the 
present volatile situation means that the estimates provided in this Base Prospectus are even more uncertain than 
in a normal situation, and some estimates and projections from other sources than those referred to in this 
prospectus are more negative.  
COVID-19 and the resulting partial shutdown of Nordic societies in March 2020 led to a sharp drop in 
economic activity, which was countered by decisive government measures to soften the impact on the 
economies. The Issuer initially experienced a fall in credit card purchase volumes and lower demand for 
instalment loans due to lower private consumption in the beginning of the second quarter. The Issuer 
experienced a positive development due to the opening of societies and increase in spending in connection with 
summer holidays; this positive development continued throughout the third quarter showing an uptake in private 
consumption through higher credit card purchase volumes and increased instalment loan sales. The fourth 
quarter was in turn affected by the second wave of COVID-19, with decline in economic activity resulting in 
somewhat lower credit card purchase volumes primarily outside each home markets, and slightly reduced 
instalment loan volumes through continued positive customer payment behaviour combined with somewhat 
reduced new sales. If COVID-19 and the measures intended to contain the outbreak continue for a prolonged 
period or if stricter measures are implemented in the future, global macroeconomic conditions could worsen 
even further and the global economy may experience a significant slowdown in its growth rate or may decline. 
Volatility in global financial and commodities markets may also remain elevated. This volatility, if it continues, 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's customers and on the Issuer's business, financial condition 
and results of operations.  
Measures implemented by governmental authorities across the world to contain the outbreak of COVID-19, 
such as school and university closings, business closings, travel restrictions, border controls, bans on public 
gatherings and other measures to discourage or prohibit the movement and gathering of people, are expected to

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
have a material and adverse impact on the level of economic activity in the Nordic countries and in other 
countries in which the Issuer may plan to operate in the future. The restrictions are being determined by the 
governments of individual jurisdictions (including through the implementation of emergency powers) and 
impacts (including the timing of implementation, any subsequent lifting of restrictions and tightening of 
restrictions) may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.  
The outbreak and the restrictions to contain the outbreak will impact the Issuer's operations in a number of 
ways, such as volatility in the financial markets in which it operates, affecting the operations of the Issuer's 
counterparties, who may as a result default on their obligations due to the Issuer (such as repayments) and affect 
the Issuer's ability to conduct its business. As a result of the foregoing factors, COVID-19, or any other 
contagious diseases may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, loan portfolio, financial 
condition (including capital and liquidity) and results of operations. 
The start of 2021 was highly affected by an increased pandemic growth rate after the holiday season. Partial 
lockdowns and stricter social restrictions were announced with the ambition to combat the rapid global increase 
of COVID-19 virus infections referred to as “wave two”, which cumulated during the last weeks of 2020. 
Massive vaccination programmes were initiated at the end of December and early January in most countries, 
including the Nordics, with an aim to cover the majority of the adult population prior to summer. The 
exceptionally rapid development of vaccines has been an extraordinary accomplishment and is expected to 
accelerate growth during 2021. The economic activity during the first half of 2021 was still subdued and there is 
still uncertainty related to the pace of recovery. Unemployment rates are still at elevated levels, but lower than 
previously anticipated and the outlook is somewhat better, partly due to government support schemes.  
The financial markets continued to develop positively during the last part of 2020 and at the start of 2021. The 
turmoil surrounding the presidential election and inauguration in the USA seems to have a smaller impact on 
key metrics at the start of the year 2021 compared to late 2020. In addition, President Joe Biden has initiated 
several initiatives to accelerate growth and lower unemployment while seeking to improve international 
relations. In the Nordics, real estate prices have continued to increase and credit spreads continued to contract to 
lower levels, approaching pre-COVID-19 levels in most instances with some instances of even lower levels at 
the start of 2021. The Norwegian Krone appreciated at the end of 2020 compared to all relevant currencies, 
affecting both the Issuer’s interest income and loan- and deposit volumes negatively in the fourth quarter. 
The Issuer continues to show a healthy financial position with high profitability, very strong capitalization and 
high levels of liquid assets. This sets the foundation for resilience and ability to withstand any further adverse 
effects as a result of COVID-19. Throughout 2020, credit underwriting and ordinary operations have been 
maintained. This is expected to continue during 2021. Deposit rate reductions in Norway during 2020 have 
reduced deposit volume levels and further decline is expected as the effects are phased in, with the latest 
reductions coming into effect from 1 July 2021. In Denmark the deposit interest rate reduction to zero with an 
ambition of stemming the large inflow of deposits was communicated on 13 August 2020 for large deposits, and 
at the end of December for all deposits. In Finland, the temporary interest rate cap on unsecured loans was 
prolonged until end of September 2021.  
During the pandemic, customers have in general behaved rationally, resulting in fewer customers being late with 
their payments in all four countries. The Issuer experienced low and declining levels of loans sent to debt 
collection, particularly through the second half of 2020. This trend has continued into 2021. See also “Credit 
risk related to unsecured consumer lending and defaults” and “Potential reduction in demand for the Issuer's 
main business segments”.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
Risk relating to the digital assessment of customers' creditworthiness  
As a purely digital bank, the Issuer offers its loan products only through its digital platform. As a part of this, the 
Issuer relies on its ability to correctly analyse and score customers' creditworthiness via its automated IT 
systems. The customer provides the information that is used in the automated assessment and certain input 
factors are verified by external sources - either by documents forwarded to the Issuer for manual review or 
information automatically retrieved from external information providers (such as Experian for income and 
personal financial information and others for real property values). For the most part, the loan applications are 
determined automatically based on the input from the customer and such third-party verifications, and in 
accordance with predetermined financial models. There are inherent risks associated with online processing of 
loan applications and reliance on criteria where the information is provided by the customers, without personal 
contact. Consequently, the Issuer is exposed to risks relating to the accuracy and completeness of the Issuer’s 
financial models on which the automated credit decision is based, as well as risks relating to the reliability of the 
input provided by the customer, which could assign a creditworthiness to customers which is too high, thereby 
increasing the Issuer’s credit risk towards its customers.  
The Issuer prices its finance products taking into account the estimated risk level of its customers. However, if 
its estimates are incorrect, customer default rates may be higher, which will result in an increase in the Issuer's 
non-performing loan losses and in turn will cause the Issuer to experience reduced levels of net income. The 
calculation method by which the Issuer determines a particular applicant's creditworthiness may differ from the 
calculations made by other financial institutions offering consumer loans or other similar products. 
According to the Issuer's consolidated interim report for the six-month period ended 30 June 2021, gross loans 
in stage 3 amount to a value of NOK 10,633 million as of the end of the period. As a comparison, delinquent 
gross loans in stage 3 amounted to 26.3 per cent. as of 30 June 2021 and 23.7 per cent. as of 31 December 2020. 
An increase in the ratio of impairments on assets as a result of incorrect assessments of consumer 
creditworthiness could materially adversely affect the Issuer's financial, economic and liquidity condition.  
A substantial, and increasing, share of the loan documentation (including the loan agreements) of the Issuer’s 
loans are digitally signed by the Issuer’s customers. Under Norwegian law, digitally signed documents normally 
require a court order in order to complete enforced collection of collateral as opposed to paper based loan 
agreements. In the event of a substantial deterioration in housing or car prising levels, and an industry-wide 
increase in defaults and enforced collections under current law, the Issuer is exposed to risk of delay in 
collection proceedings, which could in turn imply further deterioration in the value of underlying assets, thus 
increasing the Issuer’s losses on loans, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
Risks relating to operating in a highly competitive market  
The Issuer faces high competition in all the countries in which it operates. In some countries, in particular in 
Norway and Sweden, which are two of the Issuer's core markets, there are well-established and sophisticated 
competitors, as well as niche banks and companies that are particularly competitive within certain segments of 
products and services. There is a wide range of companies targeting the market for small consumer loans and 
credit cards, including various smaller, locally operated companies in addition to larger traditional consumer 
banks. In addition, the Issuer also competes with other forms of short-term financing such as peer-to-peer 
lending and credit card providers. This risk is especially pertinent for the Issuer´s strategy as a challenger bank 
in the Norwegian and Nordic financial services markets. Intensive competition may push prices downward in 
some markets, which could erode profit margins and the Issuer's net income and could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's business prospects, financial condition or results of operations.  
Reputational harm, Norwegian brand name and negative public perception in the consumer market  
Consumer protection bodies, consumer advocacy groups, certain media reports and a number of regulators and 
elected officials in the consumer loan markets in which the Issuer conducts business have from time to time 
advocated government action to prohibit or severely restrict certain types of short-term consumer lending or 
credit card debt. These efforts have often focused on lenders that target consumers who have short term liquidity 
needs and, in many cases, low levels of personal savings and incomes, and charge interest rates and fees which, 
on an annualised basis, are much higher than those charged by credit card issuers or banks to more creditworthy 
consumers. There is a risk that the Issuer could be adversely affected by negative publicity associated with other 
loan, credit card or ecommerce business, both in general or negative publicity specifically associated with its 
own business or the business of other companies operating in these segments, which are targeted by consumer 
advocacy groups or regulatory authorities.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
The Issuer bases its operations to a great extent on co-operation with and the trademark of the airline Norwegian 
Air Shuttle. Norwegian Air Shuttle’s good reputation has contributed to strong customer growth, but, on the 
other hand, the Issuer may also be vulnerable in the event of a decline in Norwegian Air Shuttle’s reputation 
and/or significant changes to the contractual relationship with Norwegian Air Shuttle (as further described in 
“Bank Norwegian - Agreements with Norwegian Air Shuttle” below). 
Risk relating outsourcing agreements 
The Issuer outsources certain parts of its operations, mainly operations considered non-core. Such as services 
related to system operations, telecommunications, distribution, investment management, payment card issuance 
and debt collection.  
If the debt collectors and/or partners which the Issuer collaborates with, for any reason, cease to cooperate with 
the Issuer and the Issuer fails to replace partner in a timely fashion and on similar commercial terms, the 
resulting loss of services could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, earnings and financial position.  
Risk of failure or inadequacy in IT systems 
The Issuer relies heavily on the uninterrupted operation of its IT systems for the efficient running of its business 
and operations, and in order to offer the Issuer’s customers an online bank with 24 hours availability. To this 
end, the Issuer relies on certain financial infrastructure services that are widely used in the Norwegian financial 
services market to process payments and transactions, and on a few third-party providers for the supply of 
important IT services. Despite the contingency plans and facilities that the Issuer has in place the Issuer’s ability 
to conduct business may be adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports its business, 
some of which are beyond its control. Changes in regulatory or operational requirements may imply material 
changes to the Issuer’s current IT systems and could further lead to a change in the systems and solutions 
provided to it by its third-party providers. 
Any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of those systems, or the failure to seamlessly maintain, 
upgrade or introduce new systems, could harm the Issuer’s ability to effectively operate its business and increase 
its expenses and harm its reputation. There is a risk that failure of the systems would cause transaction errors 
and loss of customers as well as sales and business opportunities, and would have negative consequences for the 
Issuer, its employees, and those with whom the Issuer does business which in turn would have a negative effect 
on the Issuer’s business, financial position and result of operation.  
Vulnerability to cyber-attacks, security breaches and leakage of personal data that could harm the 
Issuer’s business and standing with its customers 
The protection of customer and company data, and the Issuer’s customers’ trust in the Issuer’s ability to protect 
such information, is of key importance to the Issuer. The Issuer relies in part on commercially available systems, 
software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission and storage of confidential 
customer information, such as personal identifiable information, personal financial information, payment card 
data, account transcripts and loan and security data. Despite the security measures in place, the Issuer’s facilities 
and systems, and those of its third-party service providers, may be vulnerable to cyber-attacks, security 
breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors or other 
similar events. 
If one or more of such events occur, any one of them could potentially jeopardise confidential and other 
information related to the Issuer, its counterparties and the Issuer’s customers. Any security breach involving the 
misappropriation, loss or other unauthorised disclosure of confidential information or personal data, whether by 
the Issuer or its vendors, could damage the Issuer’s reputation, expose it to risk of litigation, increased capital 
requirements or sanctions from the supervisory authorities and/or otherwise disrupt its operations. The Issuer 
may also be required to spend significant additional resources to modify its protective measures or to investigate 
and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures. This could in turn have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s business, financial position, results of operations and/or prospects.  
B. LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
Dependency on license to conduct banking business 
As a conductor of a banking business in the Nordics, the Issuer has obtained the necessary banking license from 
the NFSA. The NFSA conducts full supervision of the Issuer. The licence also provides the Issuer with 
reputational benefits and increased levels of consumer confidence, access to pertinent databases to further 
enhance the Issuer's current scoring models and funding options linked to the Issuer’s ability to accept deposits 
(guaranteed by a deposit protection programme) to support profit growth. However, the banking license may be

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
revoked or restricted by the NFSA for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, the Issuer's non-
compliance with existing or new regulatory requirements.  
The NFSA enforces compliance and can impose sanctions for failure to comply with or properly implement 
legal requirements. The NFSA also has a wide range of administrative sanctions available to it, including the 
issuing of public remarks or warnings in connection with a punitive fine and to request removal a board member 
or managing director of a company. The NFSA can also withdraw a company's license for a variety of reasons 
including, but not limited to, non-compliance with existing or failure to implement new regulatory requirements.  
If the NFSA were to withdraw the Issuer's license for any reason, the business of the Issuer would be in 
jeopardy and the Issuer may also have to cease a majority or all of its current operations. Other administrative 
sanctions imposed by the NFSA could cause significant reputational risk, which could harm the Issuer's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Changes in the regulatory framework, including increased regulation of the consumer credit market 
The Issuer is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in Norway and 
the other Nordic countries. Changes in supervision and regulation in Norway, the other Nordic countries and in 
the European Union (EU)/ the EEA could materially affect the Issuer’s business, the products and services 
offered or the value of its assets. Future changes in regulation, fiscal or other policies can be unpredictable and 
are beyond the control of the Issuer.  
Households’ borrowing in the form of unsecured loans carrying high interest has risen considerably in recent 
years. Several measures to reduce the growth in consumer lending have already been introduced through 
industry standards and from Norwegian authorities, including the new restrictions on unsecured consumer loans 
introduced in early 2019, a new Debt Information Act, amendments to the Norwegian Banks’ Guarantee Fund 
aimed at improving protection of depositors. A new Financial Contracts Act aiming at improving protection for 
borrowers in the consumer loan market is expected to enter into force in the end of 2021 or start of 2022. 
Further measures may be taken in the future, e.g., regulatory caps on lending rates to consumers may be 
implemented in Norway similar to several other jurisdictions. Any such restrictive measures against the 
consumer credit market could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results 
of operations and/or prospects.  
Other areas where changes or developments in regulation and/or oversight could have a material adverse impact 
on the Issuer include, but are not limited to (i) changes in monetary, interest rate and other policies, (ii) general 
changes in government and regulatory policies or regimes which may significantly influence investor decisions 
or increase the costs of doing business in Norway and the Nordic region, (iii) changes in competition and pricing 
environments, (iv) differentiation among financial institutions with respect to the extension of guarantees to 
bank deposits and borrowings from customers and the terms attaching to such guarantees, (v) increased financial 
reporting requirements and (vi) changes in regulations affecting the Issuer’s current structure of operations. 
Financial regulators responding to future crisis or other concerns may adopt new or additional regulations that 
impose restrictions or limitations on banks’ operations, including, but not limited to, increased capital 
requirements, disclosure and/or reporting standards or restrictions on certain types of transaction structures. 
Risk of legal actions due to regulatory environment and sentiment towards consumer loans 
The Issuer operates in a regulatory environment and business segment that exposes it to potentially significant 
litigation and regulatory risks caused by requirements of compliance with complex regulations and, at times, 
negative sentiment towards consumer lending. As a result of the litigation and regulatory risk, the Issuer may in 
the future become involved in various disputes and legal, administrative and governmental proceedings in 
Norway, the other Nordic countries or in other jurisdictions that potentially could expose it to significant losses 
and liabilities. Such claims, disputes and proceedings are often subject to several uncertainties and their 
outcomes often difficult to predict, particularly in the earlier stages of a case or an investigation. 
Adverse regulatory action or adverse judgments in litigation could result in sanctions of various types, 
including, but not limited to, fines, damages or other penalties, the invalidation of contracts, or restrictions or 
limitations on the Issuer’s operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
reputation or financial condition. In addition, any determination by the authorities that the Issuer has not acted in 
compliance with applicable laws, or any failure to develop effective working relationships with the authorities, 
could have a significant and negative effect not only on the Issuer’s businesses in the relevant markets but also 
on its reputation in general. Proceedings relating to the Issuer’s regulated businesses may expose it to increased 
regulatory scrutiny and oblige it to accept constraints that involve additional costs or otherwise put it at a 
competitive disadvantage, which will also demand increased resources by the Issuer’s management.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
In February 2018, Komplett Bank, Monobank and Ikano Bank filed a law suit against the Issuer, demanding that 
the Issuer ceases its current marketing practice, whereby the Issuer uses its competitors’ trademarks as keywords 
in search engines, and also to cover all the plaintiffs’ costs related to the lawsuit. The Oslo District Court (in 
Norwegian: Oslo tingrett) issued its verdict of 4 January 2019, ruling that the Issuer’s marketing practice was 
not in conflict with the Norwegian Marketing Act section 25, and the Issuer was accordingly acquitted. 
The plaintiff banks appealed to the appeals court. The hearing was planned for March 2020, but postponed to 
March 2021, due to COVID-19. On 16 April 2021, the Borgarting Court of Appeal (in Norwegian: Borgarting 
lagmannsrett) made their decision expressing that the Issuer’s practice is not in conflict with good business 
conduct. The appeal court supported the Issuer’s view that the Issuer's advertising practice is a part of healthy 
and fair competition and that the Issuer’s adverts implied no risk for confusion.   
The decision has been appealed by the plaintiffs to the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court's Appeals 
Selection Committee will decide whether a case shall proceed to the Supreme Court. 
Further, the Issuer cannot guarantee that there will be no further claims or legal actions in the future (including 
regulations) against the Issuer which may affect or could significantly adversely affect the Issuer’s financial 
position, earnings or market position.  
Data protection and privacy laws 
The Issuer uses large quantities of personal data in a way that is of commercial use to the Issuer, for example to 
determine a potential applicant's credit profile. However, the Issuer's ability to collect and use personal data is 
however affected by the requirements of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the General Data Protection Regulation, 
GDPR) and other privacy laws. The Issuer has previously incurred, and may in the future continue to incur, 
substantial costs in relation to the implementation of a new system for personal data processing and actions 
needed to ensure compliance with the GDPR. The Issuer considers compliance with the GDPR to be important 
as a breach could result in fines amounting to a maximum of EUR 20,000,000 or 4 per cent. of the Issuer's 
global turnover (whichever is higher). If the Issuer fails to comply with the GDPR this may have a material 
adverse impact on the Issuer's business and financial position. Breach of data privacy legislation could also 
result in the Issuer being subjected to claims from its customers that it has infringed their privacy rights. In 
addition, any inquiries made, or proceedings initiated by, regulators could lead to negative publicity in addition 
to potential liability for the Issuer, which could materially adversely affect its reputation and business. 
Risk related to money laundering activities and identity fraud 
In general, the risk that banks will be subjected to, or used for, money laundering and identity fraud has 
increased worldwide and the risk of future incidents in relation to money laundering and identity fraud always 
exists for financial institutions. In particular, as a pure digital bank, the Issuer relies on third-party providers (for 
example BankID issuers) and automated processes to perform identity checks of new customers which may 
increase this risk. Any violation of anti-money laundering rules, or even the suggestion of violations, may have 
severe legal and reputational consequences for the Issuer and may, as a result, adversely affect the Issuer’s 
business and/or prospects.  
During the last decade, many governments, including in the Nordics, have intensified their monitoring of 
financial institutions, which has led to a number of administrative sanctions for such institutions. 
The requirements of the regulatory frameworks are detailed and demand substantial resources, internal routines 
and guidelines from the Issuer. There is a risk that the Issuer's procedures, internal control functions and 
guidelines to counteract money laundering and terrorist financing are not sufficient or adequate to ensure that 
the Issuer complies with the regulatory framework. This may result from, for example, insufficient procedures, 
internal control functions or guidelines, or errors by employees, suppliers or counterparties, which may result in 
a failure to comply with the anti-money laundering regulatory framework. It is further possible that new or 
amended requirements would require the Issuer to further adapt its existing practices and procedures. 
Failure to comply with the money laundering and terrorist financing regulatory framework is likely to result in 
legal implications, including remarks or warnings and/or significant administrative fines imposed by the NFSA 
or other regulatory bodies, which could cause significant and potentially irreparable damage to the reputation of 
the Issuer and as a result, the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially 
adversely affected.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
C. FINANCIAL RISKS  
The Issuer may not have enough liquidity or may not be able to obtain funding on commercially 
reasonable terms or at all 
Due to regulatory requirements, and especially the announced MREL requirements, the Issuer is dependent on 
other sources of capital than deposits, such as loans and bonds in the Norwegian and international securities 
markets. The recent market turmoil caused by COVID-19 means that it is currently more difficult to obtain such 
funding on commercially satisfactory terms. If this situation continues for a prolonged period of time it could 
adversely impact the Issuer’s funding and ability to pay amounts due under the Notes.  
Credit ratings affect the costs and other terms upon which the Issuer is able to obtain funding in the securities 
market. Any factors having a negative impact on the Issuer such as a downturn in the international or domestic 
financial markets, may affect the credit rating of the Issuer, the Programme and/or any outstanding Notes. A 
credit rating downgrade will not in itself have any impact on the Issuer’s ability to perform their obligations 
under the Notes, but could, in each case, increase the Issuer’s borrowing costs, adversely affect the liquidity 
position of the Issuer, limit the Issuer’s access to the capital markets, undermine confidence in (and the 
competitive position of) the Issuer, and/or limit the range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with 
the Issuer. Any of these events may lead to difficulties for the Issuer in obtaining funding on commercially 
reasonable terms or at all. 
Liquidity risk is defined as the Issuer not having sufficient funds to cover its obligations when these fall due. A 
majority of the Issuer’s liquid assets consist of marketable securities, including substantial holdings of 
certificates and bonds guaranteed by Nordic and other OECD sovereigns. The Issuer further has a significant 
stock of deposits in the Central Bank of Norway, Norges Bank. The Issuer is therefore exposed to market risk 
involving reduced market value of securities. 
The asset side of the Issuer’s business is financed by core deposits from the retail market, bonds and 
subordinated capital. If access to capital markets funding is constrained for a prolonged period of time, 
competition for retail deposits and the cost of accessing the capital markets would increase and, therefore, have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s net interest margin. Funding risks can be exacerbated by enterprise-
specific factors, such as over-reliance on a particular source of funding or changes in the Issuer’s credit-
worthiness, or by market-wide phenomena, such as market dislocation. There is a risk that the funding structure 
employed by the Issuer is inefficient should its funding levels significantly exceed its funding needs, which risks 
giving rise to increased funding costs that may not be sustainable in the long term.  
Failure to manage these or any other risks relating to the cost and availability of funding could adversely affect 
the Issuer’s ability to maintain or grow its loan portfolio and have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial 
position and results of operations. 
Interest rate risk 
Interest rates, which are impacted by factors outside of the Issuer’s control, including the fiscal and monetary 
policies of governments and central banks, as well as Norwegian and international political and economic 
conditions, affect the Issuer’s results of operations, profitability and return on capital in four principal areas: (i) 
cost and availability of funding, (ii) interest margins and income, (iii) asset impairment levels and (iv) demand 
for the Issuer’s lending products. 
Firstly, interest rates affect the cost and availability of the principal sources of the Issuer’s funding, including 
customer deposits (in the form of deposit accounts and savings accounts) and senior preferred or non-preferred 
unsecured notes. A sustained low interest rate environment keeps the Issuer’s costs of funding low by reducing 
interest expense. However, lower interest rates also reduce incentives for consumers to save and, therefore, 
constrain supply of deposits and consequently the Issuer’s ability to fund its lending operations. 
Secondly, interest rates, such as the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate (NIBOR), affect the Issuer’s net interest 
margin and income. The interest rate level is directly related to the Issuer’s external funding and interest bearing 
securities. Furthermore, while the Issuer determines its lending and deposit interest rates at its own discretion, 
the interest rates are inherently and indirectly linked to market rates. Sudden or frequent moves in interest rates 
may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s profit due to the value of the Issuer’s assets and liabilities having 
different interest rate sensitivity. If the Issuer is unable to manage its exposure to interest rate volatility, whether 
through product pricing and maintenance of borrower credit or other means, its business, financial condition, 
results of operations and/or prospects may be adversely affected. 
Thirdly, interest rates impact the Issuer’s loan impairment levels and customers’ ability to service their debts. 
For example, an increase in interest rates may lead to an increase in default rates, in turn leading to an increase

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
in impairment charges, loan losses and lower profitability for the Issuer. Due to the high level of consumer 
indebtedness in the Nordic region, primarily related to a high amount of real estate mortgage loans, the Issuer is 
affected by fluctuations in the housing market and interest rates on mortgage loans in the Nordic countries. 
Fourthly, a high interest rate environment may reduce demand for lending products, as individuals are less likely 
or less able to borrow when interest rates are high, thereby reducing the Issuer’s results of operations. 
Currency risk 
The Issuer operates internationally and is therefore subject to unexpected changes in foreign currency exchange 
rates among various currencies in relating to the Issuer's accounting currency which is Norwegian Krone 
(NOK). Approximately 19 per cent. of the Issuer's gross lending balance derives mainly from the Swedish 
Krona (SEK), 13 per cent. from Danish Krone (DKK) and 29 per cent. from Euro (EUR). Foreign exchange 
risk arises in connection with current and future commercial transactions, recognised assets and liabilities, and 
net investments in foreign operations. The Issuer hedges all currency positions on a periodic basis with the aim 
of eliminating currency effects, especially the P&L-effects from revaluation of the balance sheet exposures at 
the balance sheet date. Due to the nature of the exposures and the structure of the process currency mismatches 
may occur. 
The Issuer also accepts deposits from consumers in order to finance its assets. The Issuer relies on derivatives in 
order to adjust liquidity positions per currency between markets where there is a funding need or funding 
surplus per currency.  
The exchange rates between some of the relevant currencies have fluctuated in recent years and the currencies 
may in the future fluctuate significantly. Currency fluctuations will by nature impact the reported numbers in the 
accounts, especially balance sheet numbers, while the operating currency is NOK. Consequently, adverse 
foreign exchange fluctuations of NOK, EUR, SEK and DKK could have a material adverse effect on reported 
numbers, as well as on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Revised capital adequacy regulations and an increased level of risk could lead to more onerous capital 
adequacy requirements 
Capital adequacy regulations have imposed significant changes on financial institutions in terms of minimum 
capital requirements and capital buffers. These capital requirements imposed by public authorities could force 
the Issuer to issue additional capital, which may be unavailable to the Issuer in the future or unavailable at an 
attractive rate or within the timeframe necessary in order to ensure compliance with such requirements. Failure 
to comply could lead to administrative sanctions by the NFSA, which may also have a significant effect on the 
Issuer's ability to conduct its business and in turn its financial condition and results of operations. 
The capital level and capital adequacy ratios of the Issuer are calculated as a percentage of the sum of (i) credit 
risk based on risk-weighted assets, (ii) market risk and (iii) operational risk, in accordance with applicable 
regulatory requirements. The Issuer’s risk-weighted assets consist of on- and off-balance sheet items. The 
largest of these components are loans and other credit assets held on the balance sheet. All components are 
weighted according to regulatory standards. 
The Issuer sets its internal capital adequacy ratios targets based on its own assessment of the risk profile of the 
business, market expectations and regulatory requirements. If market expectations regarding capital levels 
increase, driven by, for example, the capital levels or targets amongst peer banks, if new regulatory 
requirements or changes in the Issuer’s strategy are introduced, or in the event of an increase in on- or off-
balance sheet items that is not according to the Issuer’s business plan, then the Issuer may have to increase its 
capital ratios. Failing to do so, may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations and/or prospects. 
Negative developments in certain market conditions such as, but not limited to, increased volatility, widening 
spreads, reduced value of the Issuer’s loans, increased interest rates and foreign exchange rates, could lead to a 
reduction in the Issuer’s capital adequacy. A perceived or actual shortage of capital could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business as a result of deterioration of perceived creditworthiness in the market 
and hereby possible increase in funding costs or lack of funding. The Issuer may experience a depletion of its 
capital resources through increased costs or liabilities incurred as a result of any of the other risk factors 
described elsewhere in this section.  
The Issuer may also experience an increase in risk-weighted assets and/or an increased demand for capital as a 
result of revised regulatory requirements or regulatory conditions. By way of example, if new requirements are 
introduced for the conversion factors to be used when calculating capital requirements for undrawn credit 
facilities offered by the Issuer (such as undrawn credit under a credit facility) and other off-balance sheet items,

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
such new requirements may lead to a reduction in the capital ratio of the Issuer. The same applies if the 
Norwegian FSA should disagree with the Issuer’s interpretation of the current rules on the conversion factors to 
be used when calculating the capital requirements for such off-balance sheet items, and require the Issuer to use 
other conversion factors which again could lead to a reduction in the capital ratio of the Issuer. In such 
situations, the Issuer may have to increase its capital ratios, which may have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.  
2. RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
A. MARKET RISKS 
Notes are obligations of the Issuer only 
The Notes will constitute obligations of the Issuer only, and the Notes will not be obligations of, or guaranteed 
by, any other member of the Group or any other person. An investment in the Notes involves a reliance on the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer. In addition, an investment in the Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes 
in the actual or perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely affect the market value of the relevant 
Notes. No liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes 
shall be accepted by any other member of the Issuer or any of the Arranger, the Dealers or any other party to the 
transaction documents relating to the Programme. 
Investors' likelihood of receiving payment under the Notes is therefore dependent upon the Issuer's ability to 
meet its payment obligations, which in turn is largely dependent upon the performance of the Issuer's operations 
and its financial position. The Issuer's financial position is affected by several factors of which some have been 
mentioned above. In addition, an investment in the Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in the actual 
or perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely affect the market value of the relevant Notes. 
Currency exchange rate risk and currency exchange control 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) 
the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Exchange rate risks occur for the Issuer if the present value of assets and liabilities, including derivatives, in 
foreign currencies do not coincide. However, the Issuer may enter into currency derivatives to ensure that the 
risks do not exceed the limit values approved by the Board of Directors. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the 
Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks relating to increases in interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate 
paid on the Notes. There is a risk that an increase of the general interest rate level will have a significant 
negative effect on the value of the Fixed Rate Notes or Zero Coupon Notes. Floating Rate Notes bear interest at 
a floating rate plus a margin and the interest rate of the Notes is determined prior to each respective interest 
period. Whilst the interest rate on Floating Rate Notes is to a certain extent adjusted for changes in the level of 
the general interest rate, there is a risk that an increase of the general interest rate level may also have a negative 
effect on the value of the Floating Rate Notes. The general interest rate level is to a high degree affected by 
conditions in Nordic and international financial markets and is outside the Issuer's control. 
Liquidity risk 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. Therefore, investors 
may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case should the Issuer be in 
financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to be at a substantial discount to their 
principal amount or for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes issued under 
the Programme although the Issuer may also issue unrated Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may 
affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. There is no guarantee that any rating of the Issuer will be 
maintained by it following the date of this Base Prospectus or that the credit ratings assigned to an issue of 
Notes will be the same as the credit ratings assigned to previous issues of Notes. If any rating assigned to the 
Issuer is revised lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained by the Issuer, the perception of the Issuer’s 
creditworthiness in the market may be adversely affected. As a result, the market value of the Notes may be 
reduced, leading to a Noteholder being unable to sell its Notes or receiving a price which is lower than the value 
of its original investment. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending). Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating 
agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the 
relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement 
action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by 
ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the 
relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being 
taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK CRA Regulation). As such, UK regulated 
investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK 
credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating 
agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as 
the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief 
accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the 
relevant conditions are satisfied.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in 
the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact 
the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit 
rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
B. RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in tool 
Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms (the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive or BRRD) has been 
implemented in Norway through amendments to Chapter 20 of the Financial Institutions Act which took effect 
on 1 January 2019. The implementing legislation grants authority to the NFSA to implement detailed 
requirements and supplementary regulations in its capacity as resolution authority.  
The Issuer is a Norwegian bank and accordingly falls within the scope of the BRRD as implemented in Norway. 
The only bankruptcy, composition, insolvency or administrative procedures to which a bank such as the Issuer

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
could be subject under the laws of Norway, are: (i) either resolution pursuant to the tools provided for under the 
BRRD; or (ii) winding up by way of public administration as further set out in Chapter 20 of the Financial 
Institutions Act. 
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and 
quickly in an unsound or failing relevant entity so as to ensure the continuity of the relevant entity’s critical 
financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a relevant entity’s failure on the economy and 
financial system. 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the 
relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable 
prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a 
reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business - which enables 
resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) 
bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a 
“bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control), which may 
limit the capacity of the firm to meet its repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution 
authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to 
allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down 
(this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in - which gives resolution authorities 
the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution (which write-down may 
result in the reduction of such claims to zero) and to convert certain unsecured debt claims (including Notes) to 
equity or other instruments of ownership (the general bail-in tool), which equity or other instruments could also 
be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the above 
resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide 
extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public 
equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be 
provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in 
breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, 
less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or 
(iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
If the Issuer becomes subject to resolution as provided for in the BRRD, the holders of the Notes issued by it 
may be subject to the application of the general bail-in tool, which may result in such holders losing some or all 
of their investment. Such application could also involve modifications, including alteration of the principal 
amount or any interest payable on the Notes, the maturity date or any other dates on which payments may be 
due, as well as the suspension of payments for a certain period, to or the disapplication of provisions in, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as 
applicable. As a result, the exercise of any power under the BRRD as implemented in Norway or any suggestion 
of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their 
investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
Any application of the general bail-in tool under the BRRD shall be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims 
in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on holders of Notes will depend 
on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority given to other creditors such as 
depositors. 
To the extent any resulting treatment of holders of Notes pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-in tool is 
less favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a holder 
has a right to compensation under the BRRD based on an independent valuation of the firm (which is referred to 
as the “no creditor worse off safeguard” under the BRRD). However, any such compensation is unlikely to 
compensate that holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable delay in the 
recovery of such compensation as compared to when amounts may otherwise have been due under the Notes. 
Under the BRRD, there is a requirement for EU financial institutions to hold certain minimum levels of own 
funds and other eligible liabilities (MREL) which would be available to be written down or bailed-in in order to 
facilitate the rescue or resolution of a failing bank. Such requirements came into effect (subject to transitional 
provisions) in the EU from 1 January 2016. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016 
sets forth regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
On 19 December 2018 the Norwegian Ministry of Finance passed and published general Norwegian MREL 
regulations by way of amendments to the Financial Institutions Regulation of 9 December 2016 (the MREL 
Rules). Originally, according to the MREL Rules, any MREL requirement determined by the FSAN should be 
fulfilled with debt instruments that rank junior to ordinary debt instruments issued by the institution after 31 
December 2022. On 27 May 2020, the NFSA announced that the deadline for compliance with the MREL 
requirement has been postponed to 1 January 2024. The MREL Rules are expected to be updated to reflect any 
changes to the MREL requirement set out in the BRRD or any legislation enacted thereunder. 
On 20 December 2019, the NFSA introduced MREL requirements for Norwegian Finans Holding ASA, the 
former parent company of the Issuer with which the Issuer finalised a reverse parent-subsidiary merger in July 
2021, (Norwegian Finans Holding) based on balance sheets of the pre-merger group of the Issuer, consisting of 
the Issuer, Norwegian Finans Holding and Lilienthal Finance, as at 31 December 2018, being, as a percentage, 
37.135 per cent., and in a nominal amount of adjusted risk-weighted assets, 12,893 million NOK. Following the 
merger Norwegian Finans Holding was dissolved and the Issuer is required to fulfil an equal MREL requirement 
as Norwegian Finans Holding (pre-merger). 
On 20 December 2020, the NFSA updated the MREL requirements for Norwegian Finans Holding being, as a 
percentage, 39.02 per cent. of adjusted risk-weighted assets at all times. The Issuer was required to fulfil an 
equal MREL requirement as Norwegian Finans Holding. Following the merger with Norwegian Finans Holding, 
the Issuer is subject to the same MREL requirement as Norwegian Finans Holding (pre-merger). The 
subordination requirement shall be fulfilled by the end of the phase-in period on 1 January 2024. The updated 
requirement changed the phase-in structure compared to the previous requirement from 2019. The MREL 
requirement determined by the NFSA must no later than 1 January 2024 be fulfilled with debt instruments that 
rank junior to Senior Preferred Notes issued by the Issuer. The Issuer can include senior preferred debt in its 
MREL calculations until 1 January 2024. It remains to be seen whether Senior Preferred Notes which are 
otherwise MREL eligible under the BRRD and the CRR (as amended from time to time) will become MREL 
qualifying instruments under Norwegian law and the requirements set by the NFSA from time to time. 
Under current Norwegian law, there is a distinction between (i) instruments that are eligible and qualify for the 
fulfilment of the MREL requirement and (ii) instruments that may be bailed in (which is a broader concept). For 
example, instruments with an original maturity or a remaining maturity of less than one year may be bailed-in 
(but would not count as fulfilling the MREL requirement). Similarly, Senior Preferred Notes (which are not 
expected to be eligible towards the MREL requirement after 1 January 2024 pursuant to current rules) may be 
bailed-in. Noteholders should therefore be aware that a broad range of debt instruments may be liable to bail-in 
and Noteholders may lose all or some of their investment in any Notes that are bailed-in.  
The Issuer’s obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank as described in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as 
applicable 
The Issuer’s obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be unsecured and will rank as further described 
in Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or in Condition 3 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable. Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of 
interest than Senior Preferred Notes or other liabilities of the Issuer which rank in priority to Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, an investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes may lose all or some of his investment should the 
Issuer become insolvent or should the Issuer or the relevant Notes become subject to the actions described in the 
risk factor entitled “Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in tool” 
above. 
Redemption upon MREL Disqualification Event 
The Notes are intended to be “eligible liabilities” which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however 
called or defined by the Applicable MREL Regulations then applicable) of the Issuer (MREL Eligible 
Liabilities). However, there is uncertainty regarding the final substance of the Applicable MREL Regulations 
and how those regulations, once enacted, are to be interpreted and applied and the Issuer cannot provide any 
assurance that such Notes will be (or thereafter remain) MREL Eligible Liabilities. There is therefore a risk that 
a MREL Disqualification Event may occur. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 6.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other 
than VPS Notes or Condition 6(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable, applies, if a 
MREL Disqualification Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and 
the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes) occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to obtaining the 
prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (if applicable), on giving not less than minimum period nor 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Agent and, in accordance

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or Condition 11 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), as further 
provided in Condition 6.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or Condition 6(d) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable, redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding 
Notes comprising the relevant Series at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem Notes, the market value of 
such Notes generally will not rise substantially above and may in fact decrease below the price at which they 
can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period.  
There can be no assurance that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon 
redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in such Notes, as the case may 
be. 
In certain circumstances, the Issuer can substitute or vary the terms of the Notes 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 6.10 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other 
than VPS Notes or Condition 6(j) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable, applies, if a 
MREL Disqualification Event has occurred or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 18 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or Condition 17 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable, the Issuer may, subject to obtaining the prior written permission of 
the Relevant Regulator (if applicable), substitute all (but not some only) of the Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 18 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or Condition 17 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
from English law to Norwegian law), without the requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, so that they become or remain Qualifying MREL 
Securities. 
The terms and conditions of such substituted or varied Notes may have terms and conditions that contain one or 
more provisions that are substantially different from the terms and conditions of the original Notes, provided 
that the relevant Notes remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying MREL Securities, as the case may be, in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or the Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes, as applicable. 
While the Issuer cannot otherwise make changes to the terms of Notes that, in its reasonable opinion, are 
materially less favourable to the holders of the relevant Notes as a class, the governing law of Condition 18 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or Condition 17 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes, as applicable, may be changed from English law to Norwegian law in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability. No assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively 
affect any particular holder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or 
varied Notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences 
for them of holding the Notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the 
interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes where the change of 
interest basis results in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the relevant Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the relevant Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the relevant Notes convert from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on the relevant Notes and 
could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to their 
nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater 
the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
There are limited events of default in relation to the Notes 
There are limited events of default in relation to the Notes, as described in Condition 9 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or in Condition 9 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. 
Accordingly, the rights of the holders of such Notes are restricted by the limited events of default. 
There is no right of set-off or counterclaim in relation to the Notes 
No holder of the Notes or the relative Coupons who becomes, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any 
right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such Notes held by the relevant 
Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be. 
Call options are, in certain circumstances, subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator and may 
limit the market value of the Notes concerned 
Any early redemption by the Issuer of the Notes is subject to the prior written permission of the Relevant 
Regulator (if, and to the extent, then required by the Relevant Regulator and by the Applicable MREL 
Regulations). 
Holders of such Notes should not invest in such Notes in the expectation that such a call will be exercised by the 
Issuer. The exercise of a call is subject to the Issuer’s discretion, and in addition the Relevant Regulator must 
agree to permit such a call, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the Issuer and certain 
other factors at the relevant time. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will exercise its discretionary right to 
exercise the call and/or that the Relevant Regulator will permit such a call, if exercised. Holders of such Notes 
should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in such Notes for a period 
of time in excess of the minimum period (if applicable).  
During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem Notes, the market value of 
such Notes generally will not rise substantially above and may in fact decrease below the price at which they 
can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period.  
There can be no assurance that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon 
redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in such Notes, as the case may 
be. 
There are risks that certain “benchmark” rates may be administered differently or discontinued in the 
future, including the potential phasing-out of LIBOR after 2021, which may adversely affect the trading 
market for, value of and return on, Notes based on such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as a Reference Rate) are the subject of 
recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Floating Rate Notes linked to or 
referencing such a “benchmark”.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of 
benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised 
entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register 
(or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the relevant “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among 
other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the relevant “benchmark”.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active 
underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for market 
participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The FCA has indicated through a series of 
announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 
2021. On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (IBA), the administrator of LIBOR, published 
a statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the dates on which 
this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers to require IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR 
settings using a changed methodology (the IBA announcement). Concurrently, the FCA published a statement 
on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors, following the dates on 
which IBA has indicated it will cease publication (the FCA announcement). Permanent cessation will occur 
immediately after 31 December 2021 for all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese 
Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 2023 for certain other USD LIBOR settings. 
In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese 
Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using its powers to require 
IBA to continue their publication under a changed methodology for a further period after end-2021 (end-June 
2023 in the case of US Dollar LIBOR). The FCA announcement states that consequently, these LIBOR settings 
will no longer be representative of the underlying market that such settings are intended to measure immediately 
after 31 December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 
June 2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese Yen LIBOR 
settings will also cease permanently at the end of 2022. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the 
above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other 
initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked 
to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes, as the case may be, provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any rate of interest (or any component 
part thereof) remains to be determined by such Original Reference Rate.  
If the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph occur and Reference Rate Replacement is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the rate of interest is to be determined (any such Notes, Relevant Notes), 
such fallback arrangements will include the possibility that: 
(a) 
the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the case may be, 
determined by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate (as applicable) determined by an 
Independent Adviser or, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent 
Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to make such determination, the Issuer; and 
(b) 
such successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if required) by the relevant 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, 
in any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described more fully in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as 
applicable to the Relevant Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
In addition, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) may also determine (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that other amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable to the Relevant Notes, 
are necessary in order to follow market practice in relation to the relevant successor rate or alternative rate (as 
applicable) and to ensure the proper operation of the relevant successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable).  
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant successor rate or 
alternative rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or amendments described above. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed 
rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, 
due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative rates and the involvement of 
an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Relevant 
Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any 
relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could 
have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate 
Notes. Investors should note that, in the case of Relevant Notes, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) will have discretion to adjust the relevant successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable) in the 
circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and 
there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment will 
be favourable to each Noteholder.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, reforms in 
making any investment decision with respect to any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a 
“benchmark”. 
In addition, potential investors should note that no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made if, and to the 
extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected:  
(a) 
to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities; and 
(b) 
to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of 
the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
In all such circumstances, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest (which is described above) 
will apply. 
The gross-up obligation in relation to the Notes is limited to payments of interest only 
The Issuer’s obligation under Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or 
Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes to pay additional amounts in the event of any 
withholding or deduction in respect of taxes on any payments under the terms of the Notes applies only to 
payments of interest and not to payments of principal. As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any 
additional amounts under the terms of such Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to 
payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of 
principal under any such Notes, Noteholders may receive less than the full amount of principal due under such 
Notes upon redemption, and the market value of such Notes may be adversely affected. 
C. RISKS RELATED TO NOTES 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes: 
Meetings of the Noteholders, Modification and Waivers 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference 
platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass 
resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to 
bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case 
may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes also provide that the Issuer and the Agent may, 
without the consent of holders of Notes other than VPS Notes, agree to any modification of the Notes other than 
VPS Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is, in the opinion of the Issuer, of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is, in the opinion of the Issuer, made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law. Any such modification shall be binding on the holders of Notes other than 
VPS Notes and the Couponholders as described in Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other 
than VPS Notes. 
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that the VPS Trustee may, without providing prior written notice to, or 
consultation with, the VPS Noteholders, make certain decisions binding on all VPS Noteholders relating to the 
VPS Conditions, the VPS Agency Agreement and the VPS Trustee Agreement as further detailed in the VPS 
Conditions and the VPS Trustee Agreement, including amendments which in the opinion of the VPS Trustee are 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the VPS Noteholders. The VPS Trustee shall as soon as possible 
notify the VPS Noteholders of any proposal to make such amendments, setting out the date from which the 
amendment will be effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary. 
Introduction of Withholding Tax /Potential Issuer Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Effective from 1 July 2021, Norway has introduced withholding tax rules for certain interest payments from 
Norway. A Norwegian debtor will be liable to withhold 15 per cent. tax on gross interest payments to any 
creditor who is both (i) a related party to the issuer and (ii) is tax resident in a low-tax jurisdiction. A “related 
party” is a company or other legal entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the 
issuer. “Control” means the direct or indirect ownership of 50 per cent. or more of the issued share capital or 
voting rights. Further, a “low-tax jurisdiction” is a jurisdiction in which the effective taxation of the overall 
profit of the company is less than two thirds of the effective taxation such company would have been subject to 
if it had been resident in Norway. 
The withholding tax will apply to interest payments to persons in scope of the withholding obligation from 1 
July 2021 and the Issuer will be required to gross up such payments in accordance with (but subject to the 
exceptions set out in) Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and 
Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. If the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as provided in Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
and Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, the Issuer may (subject to the conditions set out 
therein) exercise its right to redeem such Notes at the Early Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 6.2 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and Condition 6(b) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes are governed by English law, save for Conditions 
2 and 3 of such Conditions which are governed by Norwegian law. 
The Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes are governed by English law, save for Conditions 2, 3, 10, 11, 12, 
13 and 14 of such Conditions, which are governed by Norwegian law.  
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law, 
Norwegian law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes in bearer form which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the 
relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should 
definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
The following documents, which have previously been published and filed with Euronext Dublin and the 
Central Bank of Ireland, shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
the interim unaudited financial statements of the Issuer and the Group for the six-month period ended 
30 
June 
2021 
(available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.banknorwegian.no/OmOss/InvestorRelations/GetDocument?id=41c37f9d-6ca2-475f-
88e3-457473b09f7d), set out on the following pages of the Issuer’s report for the second quarter 2021 
(the Half Year Report 2021): 
Income Statement of the Group 
 
 
 
p. 8 
Income Statement of the Issuer 
 
 
 
p. 9 
Statement of Comprehensive Income of the Group 
 
p. 8 
Statement of Comprehensive Income of the Issuer 
 
p. 9 
Balance Sheet of the Group 
 
 
 
p. 10 
Balance Sheet of the Issuer 
 
 
 
p. 11 
Statement of Cash Flows of the Group 
 
 
p. 12 
Statement of Cash Flows of the Issuer 
 
 
p. 13 
Statement of Changes in Equity of the Group 
 
p. 14 
Statement of Changes in Equity of the Issuer  
 
p. 14 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
p.15 – 25 (inclusive) 
Quarterly Figures of the Group 
 
 
 
 
 
p. 26 - 27 
 
(b) 
the interim unaudited financial statements of the Issuer for the quarterly period ended 31 March 2021 
(available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.banknorwegian.no/OmOss/InvestorRelations/GetDocument?id=67049bb2-897b-45be-
8a18-088476081756), set out on the following pages of the Issuer’s 2021 quarterly report (the 
Quarterly Report 2021): 
Income Statement 
 
 
 
 
p.8 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
 
p.8 
Balance Sheet 
 
 
 
 
 
p.9 
Statement of Cash Flows  
 
 
 
p.10 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
 
 
 
p.11 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
p.12 – 21 (inclusive) 
(c) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 together 
with the independent auditor’s report thereon (available on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.banknorwegian.no/OmOss/InvestorRelations/GetDocument?id=a8279182-fb22-41d7-
ab90-f5cd86d3a159), set out on the following pages of the Issuer’s 2020 annual report (the Annual 
Report 2020): 
Income Statement 
 
 
 
 
p.15 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
 
p.15 
Balance Sheet 
 
 
 
 
 
p.16 
Statement of Cash Flows  
 
 
 
p.17 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
 
 
 
p.18 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
p.19 – 49 (inclusive)

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
Auditor’s Report  
 
 
 
 
p.51 – 55 (inclusive). 
(d) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 together 
with the independent auditor’s report thereon (available on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.banknorwegian.no/OmOss/InvestorRelations/GetDocument?id=1d7e6c32-1410-49a5-
8751-f73438db71f8), set out on the following pages of the Issuer’s 2019 annual report (the Annual 
Report 2019): 
Income Statement 
 
 
 
 
p.14 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
 
p.14 
Balance Sheet 
 
 
 
 
 
p.15 
Statement of Cash Flows  
 
 
 
p.16 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
 
 
 
p.17 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
p.18 – 45 (inclusive) 
Auditor’s Report  
 
 
 
 
p.47 – 51 (inclusive) 
(e) 
the interim unaudited financial statements of Norwegian Finans Holding ASA for the quarterly period 
ended 31 March 2021 (available on the website of Norwegian Finans Holding ASA at 
https://www.banknorwegian.no/OmOss/InvestorRelations/GetDocument?id=3212aba3-99ce-469f-
88bb-d6d64d17ad47), set out on the following pages of Norwegian Finans Holding ASA’s 2020 
quarterly report (the Holding Quarterly Report 2021): 
Income Statement 
 
 
 
 
p.20 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
 
p.20 
Balance Sheet 
 
 
 
 
 
p.20 
Statement of Cash Flows  
 
 
 
p.21 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
 
 
 
p.21 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
p.21 – 22 (inclusive) 
(f) 
the audited financial statements of Norwegian Finans Holding ASA for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 together with the independent auditor’s report thereon (available on the website of 
Norwegian 
Finans 
Holding 
ASA 
at 
https://www.banknorwegian.no/OmOss/InvestorRelations/GetDocument?id=2aabf707-c3c1-4a81-
951d-b7b6859153fb), set out on the following pages of Norwegian Finans Holding ASA’s 2020 annual 
report (the Holding Annual Report 2020): 
Income Statement 
 
 
 
 
p.91 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
 
p.91 
Balance Sheet 
 
 
 
 
 
p.91 
Statement of Cash Flows  
 
 
 
p.92 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
 
 
 
p.92 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
p.93 – 95 (inclusive) 
Auditor’s Report  
 
 
 
 
p.97 – 101 (inclusive). 
(g) 
the audited financial statements of Norwegian Finans Holding ASA for the financial year ended 31 
December 2019 together with the independent auditor’s report thereon (available on the website of 
Norwegian 
Finans 
Holding 
ASA 
at 
https://www.banknorwegian.no/OmOss/InvestorRelations/GetDocument?id=746ca847-aace-46bc-
b10b-50076122aad8), set out on the following pages of Norwegian Finans Holding ASA’s 2019 annual 
report (the Holding Annual Report 2019): 
Income Statement 
 
 
 
 
p.84 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
 
p.84 
Balance Sheet 
 
 
 
 
 
p.84

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
Statement of Cash Flows  
 
 
 
p.85 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
 
 
 
p.85 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
p.86 – 88 (inclusive) 
Auditor’s Report  
 
 
 
 
p.89 – 94 (inclusive). 
(h) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes” (pages 47 to 102 inclusive) set out in the base prospectus dated 2 July 2020 relating to 
the 
Programme 
(available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://live.euronext.com/sites/default/files/contributions_live/2021-
03/1616499647_2500_Norwegian%20Finans%20Holding%20ASA%20and%20Bank%20Norwegian%
20AS%20EMTN%20Base%20Prospectus.pdf);  
(i) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes” (pages 39 to 84 inclusive) set out in the base prospectus dated 11 April 2019 relating to 
the Programme (available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_3f564baf-24e9-45cd-9143-
79769318f7a1.pdf); and  
(j) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes” (pages 36 to 74 inclusive) set out in the base prospectus dated 20 April 2018 relating to 
the Programme (available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/FBaseProspectus_dd2d49c7-bdad-43d7-8cea-
9c3d37b81d9b.pdf) 
Only the information set out in the cross-reference lists in paragraphs (a) – (j) above is being incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. Any other information that is not included in the cross-reference lists above 
is considered to be additional information to be disclosed to investors rather than information required by the 
relevant annexes of the Prospectus Regulation and such additional information shall not be incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. Any such non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either 
not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by 
the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in 
any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
The auditor’s reports outlined in paragraphs (c), (d), (f) and (g) above constitute accurate and direct translations 
of the Norwegian originals. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue of Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
Form of the Notes 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons and/or talons attached 
or, in the case of VPS Notes, uncertificated book entry form. 
NOTES (OTHER THAN VPS NOTES) 
Each Tranche of Notes other than VPS Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a 
temporary global note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
permanent global note (a Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a Global 
Note) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other agreed clearing system. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will also 
indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the 
relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in 
NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners 
of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the 
certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, interests 
in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein either 
for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) definitive Notes of the same Series with, 
where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case 
against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given. 
The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in 
whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) the Issuer has been 
notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (ii) the 
Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes 
represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes if 
an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
notice to the Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described 
in (ii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur 
not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The exchange upon notice or the exchange at any time upon an Exchange Event should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Notes are issued in denominations comprising a minimum Specified Denomination (such as 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency)) plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller 
amount (such as €1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency)). Furthermore, such Specified Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and interest coupons 
relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Any Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes, as applicable. In such circumstances, where any Note 
is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been 
made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then the Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such day. At the same time, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts 
with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly 
against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
on and subject to the terms of the deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 19 August 2021 and executed 
by the Issuer. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes”), 
the Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series 
with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN 
assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and 
form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
VPS NOTES 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. Legal title to 
the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of Euronext VPS. On the issue of such VPS 
Notes, the Issuer will send a letter to the VPS Trustee, with copies sent to the Agent and the VPS Agent (the 
VPS Letter), which letter will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form of the Final 
Terms attached thereto. On delivery of a copy of such VPS Letter including the applicable Final Terms to 
Euronext VPS and notification to Euronext VPS of the subscribers and their Euronext VPS account details by 
the relevant Dealer, the VPS Agent will credit each subscribing Euronext VPS account holder with a nominal 
amount of VPS Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS will take place two Oslo 
business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS Notes will only 
take place in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS from time to time. 
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for bearer Notes and vice versa. 
GENERAL 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euronext VPS shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes, in which event a supplement to the Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will 
be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
Applicable Final Terms 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES (ECPS) ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES (ECPS) TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail 
clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales 
and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are 
appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution 
services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable].]] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of United Kingdom (UK) domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), 
and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] 
portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended) (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.][Include unless the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Date] 
Bank Norwegian ASA 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5967007LIEEXZX6ZCW47  
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €1,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes] [the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] set forth in the base prospectus dated 
19 August 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in these Final 
Terms, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus is available for 
viewing at the website of Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes] [the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] set forth in the base prospectus dated 
[2 July 2020]/[11 April 2019]/[20 April 2018] [[and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which are 
incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated [current date]. This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in these Final 
Terms, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. This document must be read in conjunction 
with the base prospectus dated 19 August 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, 
in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at the website of 
Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Bank Norwegian ASA 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [ ] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 25 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [ ]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[ ] 
(a) 
Series: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[ ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [ ]] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form.) 
[ ] 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[ ][Issue Date][Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[ ]/Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[ ] month [[Sterling/Euro/Swiss Franc] 
LIBOR/EURIBOR/CIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] +/- 
[ ] per cent. Floating Rate] [Zero Coupon] 
 
(see paragraph 16/17/18 below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[From [Fixed Rate to Floating Rate][Floating 
Rate to Fixed Rate] with effect from [ ]][Not 
Applicable] 
12. 
Call Options: 
 [Issuer Call] 
 
 [(see paragraph 22 below)] 
13. 
Status of the Notes: 
 
[Senior Preferred/Senior Non-Preferred] 
14. 
Substitution or variation: 
[Applicable – Condition 6.10 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
applies/Condition 
6(j) 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes applies/Not 
Applicable] 
15. 
[Date of [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[ ] [and [ ], respectively]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
Interest Payment Date  
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in each year, from and including [ ], up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
17. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate 
of Interest and Interest Amount (if not 
the Agent): 
[[ ] 
shall 
be 
the 
Calculation 
Agent][Not 
Applicable] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[ 
] 
month 
[[Sterling/Euro/Swiss 
Franc] 
LIBOR/EURIBOR/CIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] 
(ii) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[ ] 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] 
(iv) 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
(i) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
Reset Date: 
[ ] 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
18. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
19. 
Notice periods for Condition [6.2 of the Terms 
and Conditions of Notes other than VPS 
Notes/6(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
VPS Notes]: 
Minimum period: [ ] days 
Maximum period: [ ] days  
20. 
Redemption 
upon 
occurrence 
of 
MREL 
Disqualification Event and amounts payable on 
redemption therefor: 
[Applicable – Condition 6.4 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
applies/Condition 
6(d) 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes applies /Not 
Applicable] 
21. 
Notice periods for Condition 6.4 of the Terms and 
Conditions of Notes other than VPS Notes/6(d) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes: 
Minimum period: [ ] days 
Maximum period: [ ] days 
22. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/Sterling Make-
Whole Redemption Amount/Non-Sterling Make-
Whole Redemption Amount/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[       ] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Reference Bond: 
[[       ]/ FA Selected Bond/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Quotation Time: 
[[       ]/Not Applicable] 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [ ] days 
Maximum period: [ ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount:  
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or upon the occurrence of a 
MREL Disqualification Event: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange 
Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book entry 
form] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable][ ]  
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[[ ] has been extracted from [ ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [ ], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] [Not Applicable] 
Signed on behalf of Bank Norwegian ASA: 
By: ................................................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
 
(a) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be [admitted to trading 
on Euronext Dublin’s Regulated Market and 
listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin] / 
[admitted 
to 
trading 
on 
the 
Oslo 
Stock 
Exchange’s Regulated Market] with effect from 
[ ].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the [Euronext Dublin’s Regulated 
Market and listed on the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin]/[Oslo 
Stock 
Exchange’s 
Regulated 
Market] with effect from [ ].] 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[ ] 
2. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION (Floating Rate Notes calculated by reference to a benchmark 
only) 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark (as this term 
is defined in the EU Benchmarks Regulation)] which is provided by [legal name of the benchmark 
administrator]. As at the date of this Final Terms, [legal name of the benchmark administrator] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [specify benchmark (as this term is defined in the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation)] [does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 by virtue of Article 2 of that 
regulation/the transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply] such that 
[legal name of the benchmark administrator] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
3. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have not been assigned 
any ratings solicited by the Issuer]/[The Notes to 
be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
[ ] by [ ]. 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
[[Each of ][ ] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) and is on the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published on the 
ESMA 
website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs).] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business] 
5. 
YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[ ] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
(c) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(d) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(e) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s)] 
[Verdipapirsentralen, 
Euronext 
VPS 
Identification 
number 
[ 
] 
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from 
the register maintained by Euronext VPS for the 
purposes of performing its obligations under the VPS 
Notes] 
(f) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ ][Not Applicable] 
(g) 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]  
(b) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(c) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
(d) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(e) 
Whether TEFRA D or TEFRA C 
rules applicable or TEFRA rules not 
applicable: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(f) 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(g) 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
8. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ]

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes which will be incorporated 
by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if 
permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made 
to “Form of the Notes” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms 
are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined 
below) relating to the Euro Medium Term Note Programme maintained by Bank Norwegian ASA (previously 
known as Bank Norwegian AS) (the Issuer).  
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency Agreement 
(such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 19 August 2021 and made between the Issuer, and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as 
issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Agent, which expression shall include any successor 
agent) and any other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the Paying Agents, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached 
to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions). References to the 
applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when issued 
in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached 
on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to 
include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue.  
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of Notes and shall, in 
relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to 
Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include 
the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects (including as to 
listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or 
Issue Prices. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant dated 19 August 2021 
made by the Issuer (such deed of covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
the Deed of Covenant). The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear 
(as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection or collection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a 
Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agent or the Issuer and provision of proof of 
holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be). If the 
Notes are to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as 
Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin), the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on any other 
regulated market in the European Economic Area, the applicable Final Terms will be published in accordance

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
with the rules and regulations of the relevant listing authority or stock exchange and otherwise in accordance 
with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in the Conditions, Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable 
Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are 
subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, 
the applicable Final Terms will prevail.  
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the Specified Currency) and the denomination(s) (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note may be a Senior Preferred Note or a Senior Non-Preferred Note, depending upon the Status 
of the Notes shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer and the 
Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or 
Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the 
case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying 
Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to 
the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the 
bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of 
such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global 
Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES 
2.1 
This Condition 2 applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and references to Notes and Coupons in this 
Condition 2 shall be construed accordingly. 
The Notes and the relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain debts required to 
be preferred by law) at least equally with all other unsecured obligations of the Issuer, present and 
future, from time to time outstanding. So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement), the Issuer undertakes to ensure that the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes rank and will rank at least pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
(including deposits) of the Issuer and with all its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations under

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
guarantees of obligations of third parties, in each case except for any obligations preferred by 
mandatory provisions of applicable law. 
2.2 
No right of set-off or counterclaim 
No Noteholder who becomes indebted to the Issuer shall, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or 
counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES 
This Condition 3 applies only to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and references to Notes and Noteholders 
in this Condition 3 shall be construed accordingly. 
3.1 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and will at 
all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves.  
3.2 
Subject as set out in Condition 3.3 below, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-
up of the Issuer by way of public administration (except, in any such case, a solvent 
liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, 
reconstruction or amalgamation of the Issuer, the terms of which reorganisation, 
reconstruction or amalgamation have previously been approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the holders of the Notes and do not 
provide that the Notes thereby become redeemable or repayable), claims of the Noteholders 
against the Issuer in respect of or arising under the Notes (including any amounts attributable 
to the Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(a) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(b) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Non-Preferred Parity Securities and Statutory 
Non-Preferred Claims, if any;  
(c) 
in priority to claims in respect of Non-Preferred Junior Securities; and 
(d) 
junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors. 
3.3 
Following the implementation of the Creditor Hierarchy Directive in Norway on 1 July 2021, 
the Issuer may (but is not obliged to), by providing notice (the Ranking Notice) to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, specify that (subject to the laws of Norway) the 
Notes (together with any other outstanding Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) shall rank 
within the class of unsecured debt instruments of the Issuer having the lower priority ranking 
contemplated by Article 108(2) of the BRRD, as set out in the Creditor Hierarchy Directive 
with effect from the date specified in the Ranking Notice (for the avoidance of doubt, should 
there be any inconsistency between any statutory ranking introduced in Norway in order to 
implement the provisions of Article 108(2) of the BRRD and the ranking as set out in 
Condition 3.2 above, such statutory ranking shall prevail). 
3.4 
No right of set-off or counterclaim 
No Noteholder who becomes indebted to the Issuer shall, in the event of a liquidation, 
dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, be entitled to exercise 
any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
held by such Noteholder. 
4. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes 
or Zero Coupon Notes. 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note will bear interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be 
payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying 
the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding. 
In the Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.1: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls in the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System (as defined 
below)) specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(iii) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, 
respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 
System is open.  
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA 
Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of 
this sub-paragraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and 
under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is as the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to 
be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either the London interbank 
offered rate (LIBOR), the Euro-zone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR), the Copenhagen interbank 
offered rate (CIBOR), the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR) or the Stockholm interbank 
offered rate (STIBOR), as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the 
case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) as at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(A) above, no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(B) above, fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Reference Banks Agent shall request each 
of the Reference Banks to provide the Reference Banks Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Reference 
Banks Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the 
offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Reference 
Banks Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent determines as being the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Reference Banks Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the 
London inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR), the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Danish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is CIBOR), the 
Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the Swedish inter-bank market (if 
the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two 
of the Reference Banks provide the Reference Banks Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs 
the Reference Banks Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR), the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the 
Danish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is CIBOR), the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the Swedish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 4.2(b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 4.2(b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Reference Rate Replacement 
If:  
(i) 
Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the applicable Final Terms and Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable; and 
(ii) 
notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 4.2(b)(ii), the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or 
component thereof) remains to be determined by reference to the relevant Original Reference 
Rate, 
then the following provisions shall apply to the Notes:   
(A) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine: 
(1) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or  
(2) 
if such Independent Adviser fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, an 
Alternative Reference Rate,  
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) no later than fifteen Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period (the IA Determination Cut-off Date), 
for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next 
Interest Period and for all other future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 4.2(d) during any other future Interest Period(s)); 
(B) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine: 
(1) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
(2) 
if the Issuer fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate, 
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) no later than twelve Business Days prior to 
the Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period (the Issuer Determination 
Cut-off Date), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for 
such next Interest Period and for all other future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 4.2(d) during any other future Interest Period(s)). Without 
prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any Alternative Reference 
Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into account any relevant and 
applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant associations 
involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt 
capital markets; 
(C) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in accordance 
with this Condition 4.2(d): 
(1) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be 
the relevant Original Reference Rate for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.2(d)); 
(2) 
if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable): 
(x) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and 
determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) for all 
future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment 
as provided in, this Condition 4.2(d)); or 
(y) 
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, an Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment 
Spread for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.2(d)); and 
(3) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion specify: 
(x) 
changes to the Conditions in order to follow market practice in relation to such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
including, but not limited to (i) the Additional Business Centre(s), Business 
Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination 
Date, Reference Banks, Specified Time, Additional Financial Centre(s) and/or 
Relevant Screen Page applicable to the Notes and (ii) the method for 
determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest in relation to the Notes if such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is not 
available; and 
(y) 
any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to ensure the proper operation 
and comparability to the relevant Original Reference Rate of such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 4.2(d)); and 
(4) 
promptly following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the appointment of an 
Independent Adviser and/or the determination of (i) any Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (ii) if applicable, any Adjustment 
Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof (including, in the case of the appointment 
of an Independent Adviser, the name and contact details of such Independent

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
Adviser) and of any changes (and the effective date thereof) pursuant to Condition 
4.2(d)(ii)(C)(3) to the Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) as described in this Condition 4.2(d) or 
such other relevant changes pursuant to Condition 4.2(d)(ii)(C)(3), including for the execution of any 
documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties to the Agency Agreement (if 
required). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.2(d), the Agent is not obliged to concur with 
the Issuer or the Independent Advisor in respect of any changes or amendments as contemplated under 
this Condition 4.2(d) which would have the effect of (i) exposing the Agent to any liability or (ii) 
increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or protections, of the Agent in the Agency 
Agreement and/or the Conditions. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.2(d), if in the Agent’s opinion there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or 
calculation under this Condition 4.2(d), the Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer and/or the 
Independent Advisor thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Agent in writing as to which alternative 
course of action to adopt. If the Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise 
unable to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer and/or the 
Independent Advisor (as the case may be) thereof and the Agent shall be under no obligation to make 
such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is not 
determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 4.2(d) prior to the relevant Issuer Determination 
Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period shall be determined by reference to 
the fallback provisions of this Condition 4.2(b)(ii). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.2(d), no Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of 
the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 4.2(d), if and to the extent that, in the determination 
of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected: 
(i) 
to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities; and 
(ii) 
to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date as the effective 
maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
In the Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate for which no such recommendation has been made 
or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage 
in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the relevant Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the relevant Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in its discretion determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate, having regard to the objective of reducing 
or eliminating, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the Noteholders; 
Alternative Reference Rate means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in 
the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest in

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
respect of notes denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant 
Interest Periods, or, if such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its 
discretion is most comparable to the relevant Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
such Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; or  
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing such Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Original Reference 
Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (ii)(A); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date , 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (iv)(A); or 
(v) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means such Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case 
on or before a specified date and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date 
referred to in (v)(A); or 
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the Agent, the 
Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due to be made to the Noteholders using 
such Original Reference Rate; or 
(vii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or 
may no longer be used; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
4.2(d); 
Original Reference Rate means  
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purposes of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the 
Notes; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been determined in 
relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of 
Condition 4.2(d); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
such Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, 
(b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
and 
Successor Reference Rate means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate 
Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating 
Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. For the 
purposes of this paragraph (g), the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in 
London. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2, whether by 
the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, 
manifest error or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the 
Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue 
until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of 
the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
5.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 5.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)).

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, 
the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the 
sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will 
be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 below) in respect of 
such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, 
if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no 
event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes due 
and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in 
respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on 
issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable 
thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date 
on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal 
amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes and 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, as the 
case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. 
A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any Global Note, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note by 
the Paying Agent to which it was presented and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the 
payment in question has been made. 
5.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of 
Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of 
such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5.4, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
5.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  
For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, 
respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 
System is open. 
5.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(b) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(d) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 6.5); 
and 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below or (if applicable, pursuant 
to Condition 6.10) substituted, each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.9, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on an Interest Payment 
Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than 
the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Agent and in accordance 
with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment date due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 7) or any change in application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations,

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the first Tranche of Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measure available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed 
by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6.5 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 6.9, the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period of notice nor more than 
the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must 
be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Sterling Make-Whole Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Optional Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount shall be equal to the higher of (i) 100 
per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the price, as reported to the Issuer by the 
Financial Adviser, at which the Gross Redemption Yield on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal 
to the Gross Redemption Yield (determined by reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation 
Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus the 
Redemption Margin, all as determined by the Financial Adviser. 
If Non-Sterling Make-Whole Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Optional Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Agent equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be 
redeemed or (ii) the sum of the present values of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be 
redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Note (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of 
redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis at the Reference Bond Rate, plus 
the Redemption Margin. 
In this Condition 6.3: 
FA Selected Bond means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable 
maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
Financial Adviser means a financial adviser selected by the Issuer; 
Gross Redemption Yield means, in respect of a security, the gross redemption yield for such security, 
expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Financial Adviser on the basis set out by the United 
Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields page 
5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with 
Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date (published 08/06/1998 and updated on 
15/01/2002 and 16/03/2005 (as amended and supplemented from time to time)) on a semi-annual

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal 
places) or on such other basis as the Issuer may approve;  
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or shall be the FA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the Agent obtains 
fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all 
such quotations; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed 
as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption; 
Reference Date will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their 
affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) 
market makers in pricing corporate bond issues;  
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Agent, of the 
bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Date quoted in 
writing to the Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the basis of the 
rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such Note is to be 
redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition. 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6.3, by the 
Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error or proven error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the 
absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
shall attach to the Agent or in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at 
their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection 
Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of 
such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 below not less than 15 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted 
during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 below at least 5 days prior to the Selection Date. 
6.4 
Redemption upon MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 6.4 applies only where it is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and references to Notes and Noteholders in this Condition 6.4 shall be construed accordingly 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.9, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in 
whole, but not in part, at any time (in the case of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) on giving not less than the minimum period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Agent and,

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) if a MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.4, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders a certificate signed by 
two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.4 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6.5 together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
6.5 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2, Condition 6.4 and Condition 9: 
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption (or as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) 
Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) 
actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365).  
6.6 
Purchases 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.9, the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time 
purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes 
may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for 
cancellation. 
6.7 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and 
the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.6 above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or 
resold. 
6.8 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to Condition 6.1, 6.2 or 6.3 or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 
9, as the case may be, is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6.5(b) above as though

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon 
Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
6.9 
Regulatory Consent 
No early redemption in any circumstances, purchase under Condition 6.6 or substitution or variation 
under Condition 6.10 shall take place without the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator 
(in each case, if, and to the extent, then required by the Relevant Regulator and by the Applicable 
MREL Regulations). For the avoidance of doubt, a redemption of the Notes under Condition 6.1 or 
repayment pursuant to Condition 9, as the case may be, shall not require the consent of the Relevant 
Regulator. 
6.10 
Substitution or Variation 
This Condition 6.10 applies only where it is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and references to Notes and Noteholders in this Condition 6.10 shall be construed accordingly. 
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 
6.9 (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) on giving not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the 
terms of the Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 18, from English law to 
Norwegian law) so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying MREL Securities (as 
defined below), provided that such substitution or variation does not itself give rise to any right of the 
Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied securities that are inconsistent with the redemption provisions 
of the Notes. 
Prior to any such substitution or variation of the Notes, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent a certificate 
in the form described in the definition of Qualifying MREL Securities in accordance with the 
provisions thereof. 
7. 
TAXATION 
Subject as provided in this Condition 7, all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes 
and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of 
any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, in the case 
of payments of interest only, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order 
that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have 
been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Norway; 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his 
having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note or 
Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.5). 
As used herein: 
Tax Jurisdiction means Norway or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax (in the case of payments by the Issuer); and

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect 
is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in 
the case of principal) and 5 years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 7) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 8 or Condition 5.2 or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5.2. 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing 
with respect to any Note: 
(a) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed by any competent authority 
for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of reorganisation on 
terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a 
conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other 
arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is 
convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors 
generally (or any class of its creditors),  
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, 
effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare any Notes held by the holder to be 
forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6.5 above), together with accrued interest (if any) to 
the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind.  
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
11. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying 
Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.4. Any variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency or of a Paying Agent failing to

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
become or ceasing to be a participating foreign financial institution for the purposes of the Code, when 
it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall 
have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is 
merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of 
its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 8. 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such publication in a 
newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are 
duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to 
trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if 
required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first 
publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the 
Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those 
rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the 
Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference 
call of by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the 
Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 5 
per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any 
such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing 
not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal 
amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes 
the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including modifying the date of 
maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the 
Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and 
on all Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
of a formal, minor or technical nature or is, in the opinion of the Issuer, made to correct a manifest or 
proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. In addition, the Agent shall be obliged 
to concur with the Issuer without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders (i) in effecting 
any amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 4.2(d) or (ii) to any 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6.10, where applicable. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
17.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes (except for Conditions 2 and 3 above) and 
the Coupons (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons) are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, English law. Conditions 2 and 3 above (and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with such conditions) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Norwegian law. 
17.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 17.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their 
existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their 
nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes and the Coupons (a Dispute) and all Disputes will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction 
of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 17.2, each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders 
taking proceedings in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds 
that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(c) 
This Condition 17.2(c) is for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders only. To the extent 
allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, 
take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number 
of jurisdictions. 
17.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Intrust Advisory Limited at its registered office at 4th Floor, Portman 
House, 2 Portman Street, London, W1H 6DU, United Kingdom. as its agent for service of process in 
any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
Intrust Advisory Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act or ceasing to be registered 
in England, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in 
respect of any Dispute. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will 
not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law. 
18. 
CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF NORWEGIAN STATUTORY LOSS ABSORPTION 
POWERS 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 18, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of any Note, 
each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to 
the exercise of Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise may include and result in (without limitation) any of the 
following, or a combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and 
the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations, 
including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the 
Notes; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date(s) on which interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
19. 
DEFINITIONS 
In the Conditions the following words shall have the following meanings: 
Applicable MREL Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies then in effect in Norway giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor 
regulations then applicable to the Issuer, including, without limitation to the generality of the 
foregoing, CRD IV, the BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving 
effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor regulations then in effect (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally 
or specifically to the Issuer; 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on resolution and 
recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may be, any provision of Norwegian 
law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time (including, 
without limitation, by the Creditor Hierarchy Directive); 
Calculation Agent means the Agent or any other person specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
CRD IV means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD IV Directive, the CRR 
and any CRD IV Implementing Measures; 
CRD IV Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published 
in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 (or, as the case may be, any provision of

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to 
time; 
CRD IV Implementing Measures means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any 
other rules, regulations or other requirements) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments 
for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) 
to the extent required by the CRD IV Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt and 
without limitation any regulatory technical standards released from time to time by the European 
Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof); 
Creditor Hierarchy Directive means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking of unsecured 
debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, or any equivalent legislation (or, as the case may be, any 
provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive); 
CRR means Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
Group means the Issuer and its subsidiaries; 
MREL Disqualification Event means the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of a change in 
any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, the Notes will be fully 
excluded or partially excluded from the “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) 
available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) if the Issuer is then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such MREL Requirement, 
provided that a MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be caused 
by (1) the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than any period prescribed by any applicable 
eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations, or (2) any applicable limits on the amount 
of “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL 
Requirement(s) being exceeded;  
MREL Eligible Liabilities means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) which are 
available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) of the Issuer under Applicable MREL Regulations; 
MREL Requirement means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities which is 
or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer; 
NFSA means the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet); 
Non-Preferred Junior Securities means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any obligations 
of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
Non-Preferred Parity Securities means any unsecured obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank, pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom of Norway, 
relating to (i) the transposition into Norwegian law of the BRRD (or, as the case may be, any provision 
of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive) as amended or replaced from time to 
time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation 
of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified or converted into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a 
temporary period); 
Qualifying MREL Securities means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 18 to Norwegian law in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18 have terms not materially 
less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Notes (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer, and provided that a certification to such effect of two authorised 
Directors of the Issuer shall have been delivered to the Agent not less than five Business Days

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the Notes, the issue of the relevant securities or (ii) 
in the case of a variation of the Notes, such variation, as the case may be), and, subject thereto, 
they shall (1) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes prior to such substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, (2) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest 
Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Notes prior to such substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, (3) have the same redemption rights as the Notes prior to such 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, (4) comply with the then current requirements in 
relation to “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the 
Applicable MREL Regulations, (5) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any 
accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the 
Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, 
or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, and (6) where Notes which have been 
substituted or varied had a published rating from the Rating Agency immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, such Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to 
ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to the relevant Qualifying MREL Securities; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer; 
Rating Agency means S&P Global Ratings or its successor; 
Reference Bank means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office of four 
major banks in the London inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the case of a 
determination of CIBOR, the principal Copenhagen office of four major banks in the Danish inter-bank 
market, in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the 
Norwegian inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm 
office of four major banks in the Swedish inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Reference 
Banks Agent or as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Banks Agent means an independent investment bank, commercial bank or stockbroker 
appointed by the Issuer; 
Relevant Amounts means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes and any other amounts which may 
otherwise be or become payable at any time in connection with the Notes. References to such amounts 
will include (but are not limited to) amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not 
been paid, prior to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority; 
Relevant Regulator means the NFSA and any successor or replacement thereto, or other authority 
having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority (if applicable), in any case as determined by the Issuer; 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the (or each) resolution authority with the ability to exercise 
any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer;  
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service) specified as the Relevant Screen Page 
in the applicable Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the Reference Rate; 
Senior Creditors means (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) all unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer 
(including, inter alios, holders of Senior Preferred Notes other than creditors in respect of any Non-
Preferred Parity Securities and any Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any); 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, Brussels 
time, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, Copenhagen time, in the case of a determination of 
CIBOR, or Stockholm time, in the case of a determination of STIBOR) or 12.00 p.m. (Oslo time, in the 
case of a determination of NIBOR);  
Statutory Non-Preferred Claims means, upon Norway adopting legislation introducing a senior non-
preferred ranking class as prescribed by Article 108(2) of the BRRD (as amended by Directive (EU)

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
2017/2399 of the European parliament and the Council of 12 December 2017 amending the BRRD as 
regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy), unsecured claims resulting 
from debt instruments that meet the following conditions: 
(a) 
the original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is at least one year; 
(b) 
the debt instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives themselves; and 
(c) 
the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the 
issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking under this paragraph (c).

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical 
note or document of title other than a statement of account made by Euronext VPS. Ownership of VPS Notes 
will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and register maintained by Euronext 
VPS. 
Reference should be made to “Form of the Notes” for a description of the content of the Final Terms which will 
specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant VPS Notes. 
Each VPS Note will be one of a Series (as defined below) of notes issued under the Programme maintained by 
Bank Norwegian ASA (previously known as Bank Norwegian AS) (the Issuer).  
Each VPS Note will be issued in accordance with the VPS agency agreement dated 13 March 2009 between the 
Issuer and DNB Bank ASA (such agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
the VPS Agency Agreement). DNB Bank ASA is hereinafter referred to as the VPS Agent (which expression 
shall include any successor as VPS Agent) in relation to the VPS Agency Agreement. 
References herein to the VPS Notes shall be references to the VPS Notes of this Series and shall mean notes 
settled through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, (Verdipapirsentralen) (VPS Notes and Euronext 
VPS, respectively). 
The VPS Notes will have the benefit of a trust agreement dated 2 July 2020 between the Issuer and Nordic 
Trustee AS (such agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the VPS 
Trustee Agreement). Nordic Trustee AS is hereinafter referred to as the VPS Trustee (which expression shall 
include any successor as VPS Trustee) in relation to the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be created and held in uncertificated book entry form in accounts with 
Euronext VPS. The VPS Agent will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with the VPS in respect 
of VPS Notes as detailed in the VPS Agency Agreement. 
The Final Terms of each Tranche of VPS Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
Final Terms which complete these Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes (the VPS Conditions). References 
to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) which 
complete the VPS Conditions. 
The VPS Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders of the VPS Notes from time to time (the VPS Noteholders 
and the holders of VPS Notes), in accordance with the provisions of the VPS Trustee Agreement and the VPS 
Conditions. 
As used herein, Tranche means VPS Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of VPS Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of VPS Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
A copy of the VPS Trustee Agreement is available for inspection or collection during normal business hours at 
the registered office of the VPS Trustee at Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1, 0160 Oslo, Norway (as at 19 August 
2021). 
The VPS Noteholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
VPS Trustee Agreement and the Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the VPS 
Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the VPS Trustee Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in the VPS Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the VPS Trustee Agreement and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The VPS Notes are in uncertificated book entry form in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the 
denomination(s) (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
VPS Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes, VPS or otherwise, of 
another Specified Denomination. VPS Notes will be registered with a separate securities identification 
code in Euronext VPS.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for Notes other than VPS Notes, issued by the Issuer, and vice versa. 
A VPS Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
A VPS Note may be a Senior Preferred Note or a Senior Non-Preferred Note, depending upon the 
Status of the VPS Notes shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
The holder of a VPS Note will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of 
Euronext VPS. The Issuer and the VPS Trustee may rely on a certificate of Euronext VPS or one issued 
on behalf of Euronext VPS by an account-carrying institution as to a particular person being a VPS 
Noteholder. 
Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in Euronext VPS between the direct or indirect 
accountholders at Euronext VPS in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS that are 
in force from time to time. Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the 
holder of the relevant VPS Note. 
Each person (other than Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg)) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euronext VPS as the 
holder of a particular nominal amount of such VPS Notes shall be treated by the Issuer, the VPS 
Trustee and the VPS Agent, as the holder of such nominal amount of such VPS Notes for all purposes. 
VPS Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS from 
time to time. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR PREFERRED VPS NOTES 
This Condition 2 applies only to Senior Preferred VPS Notes and references to VPS Notes and 
Coupons in this Condition 2 shall be construed accordingly.  
(a) 
The VPS Notes and the relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain debts required to 
be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations of the Issuer, present and future, from 
time to time outstanding. So long as any of the VPS Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes 
to ensure that the obligations of the Issuer under the VPS Notes rank and will rank at least pari passu 
with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations (including deposits) of the Issuer and with all 
its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations under guarantees of obligations of third parties, in each 
case except for any obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of applicable law. 
(b) 
No right of set-off or counterclaim 
No VPS Noteholder who becomes indebted to the Issuer shall, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution 
or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, be entitled to exercise any right of set-off 
or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the VPS Notes held by such VPS 
Noteholder. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR NON-PREFERRED VPS NOTES 
This Condition 3 applies only to Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes and references to VPS Notes and 
VPS Noteholders in this Condition 3 shall be construed accordingly. 
(a) 
The VPS Notes constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and will at all 
times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves.  
(b) 
Subject as set out in Condition 3(c) below, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of 
the Issuer by way of public administration (except, in any such case, a solvent liquidation, dissolution, 
or winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of the Issuer, 
the terms of which reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation have previously been approved by a 
VPS Noteholders Meeting (as defined in the VPS Trustee Agreement) of the VPS Noteholders and do 
not provide that the VPS Notes thereby become redeemable or repayable), claims of the VPS 
Noteholders against the Issuer in respect of or arising under the VPS Notes (including any amounts 
attributable to the VPS Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall 
rank:  
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(ii) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Non-Preferred Parity Securities and Statutory Non-
Preferred Claims, if any;

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
(iii) 
in priority to claims in respect of Non-Preferred Junior Securities; and 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors. 
(c) 
Following the implementation of the Creditor Hierarchy Directive in Norway on 1 July 2021, the Issuer 
may (but is not obliged to), by providing notice (the Ranking Notice) to the VPS Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 11, specify that (subject to the laws of Norway) the VPS Notes (together 
with any other outstanding Series of Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes) shall rank within the class of 
unsecured debt instruments of the Issuer having the lower priority ranking contemplated by Article 
108(2) of the BRRD, as set out in the Creditor Hierarchy Directive with effect from the date specified 
in the Ranking Notice (for the avoidance of doubt, should there be any inconsistency between any 
statutory ranking introduced in Norway in order to implement the provisions of Article 108(2) of the 
BRRD and the ranking as set out in Condition 3(b) above, such statutory ranking shall prevail).  
(d) 
No right of set-off or counterclaim 
No VPS Noteholder who becomes indebted to the Issuer shall, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution 
or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, be entitled to exercise any right of set-off 
or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the VPS Notes held by such VPS 
Noteholder. 
4. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the VPS Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate 
Notes or Zero Coupon Notes. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note will bear interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be 
payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount 
to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the VPS Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum 
by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
In the VPS Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on 
either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the VPS Conditions, 
Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
4(b)(i)(B) above the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the 
case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month 
and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) 
above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) 
each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls in the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment 
Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the VPS Conditions, Business Day means: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre (other than 
TARGET2 System (as defined below)) specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(B) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; 
and 
(C) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any 
sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA 
Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) 
and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is as the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either the 
London interbank offered rate (LIBOR), the Euro-zone interbank offered rate

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
(EURIBOR), the Copenhagen interbank offered rate (CIBOR), the Norwegian 
interbank offered rate (NIBOR) or the Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information) as at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date 
in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 
4(b)(ii)(B)(1), no offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 
4(b)(ii)(B)(2), fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the 
Specified Time, the Reference Banks Agent shall request each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Reference Banks Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Reference Banks Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Reference Banks Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Reference 
Banks Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such 
banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the London 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR), the Euro-zone inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Danish inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is CIBOR), the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) 
or the Swedish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Reference Banks Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs 
the Reference Banks Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the London inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR), the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Danish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
CIBOR), the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the 
Swedish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 4(b)(iii) above is less than such Minimum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 4(b)(iii) above is greater than such Maximum 
Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
(iv) 
Reference Rate Replacement 
If:  
(A) 
Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the applicable Final Terms and Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable; 
and 
(B) 
notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 4(b)(ii) and 4(b)(ii)(B), the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred when any Rate of Interest (or component thereof) remains to be determined 
by reference to the relevant Original Reference Rate,  
then the following provisions shall apply to the VPS Notes:   
(A) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to 
determine: 
(1) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or  
(2) 
if such Independent Adviser fails so to determine a Successor Reference 
Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate,  
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) no later than five Business Days 
prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period (the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the VPS Notes for such next Interest Period and for all other future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4(b)(iv) during 
any other future Interest Period(s)); 
(B) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Reference Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) prior to the relevant IA Determination 
Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine: 
(1) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or  
(2) 
if the Issuer fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate, 
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) no later than three Business Days 
prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period (the 
Issuer Determination Cut-off Date), for the purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the VPS Notes for such next Interest Period and for all other 
future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4(b)(iv) 
during any other future Interest Period(s)). Without prejudice to the definitions 
thereof, for the purposes of determining any Alternative Reference Rate and/or any 
Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into account any relevant and applicable 
market precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant associations 
involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the 
international debt capital markets;

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
(C) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(iv): 
(1) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) shall be the relevant Original Reference Rate for all future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 4(b)(iv)); 
(2) 
if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable): 
(x) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to such Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) for all future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4(b)(iv)); or 
(y) 
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, an Adjustment Spread, then such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread for all future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4(b)(iv)); and 
(3) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion 
specify: 
(x) 
changes to the VPS Conditions in order to follow market practice 
in relation to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), including, but not limited to (i) the 
Additional Business Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day 
Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, 
Reference Banks, Specified Time, Additional Financial Centre(s) 
and/or Relevant Screen Page applicable to the VPS Notes and (ii) 
the method for determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest in 
relation to the VPS Notes if such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is not available; and 
(y) 
any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to 
ensure the proper operation and comparability to the relevant 
Original Reference Rate of such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
which changes shall apply to the VPS Notes for all future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4(b)(iv)); and 
(4) 
promptly following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the appointment 
of an Independent Adviser and/or the determination of (i) any Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (ii) if 
applicable, any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof 
(including, in the case of the appointment of the Independent Adviser, the 
name and contact details of such Independent Adviser) and of any changes 
(and the effective date thereof) pursuant to Condition 4(b)(iv)(C)(3) to the 
Calculation Agent, the VPS Agent and the VPS Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 11. 
No consent of the VPS Noteholders or the VPS Trustee shall be required in connection with 
effecting the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
as described in this Condition 4(b)(iv) or such other relevant changes pursuant to Condition 
4(b)(iv)(C)(3), including for the execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
Issuer or any of the parties to the VPS Agency Agreement or the VPS Trustee Agreement (if 
required). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(b)(iv), the Calculation Agent is not 
obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Advisor in respect of any changes or 
amendments as contemplated under this Condition 4(b)(iv) which would have the effect of (i) 
exposing the Calculation Agent to any liability or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or 
decreasing the rights or protections, of the Calculation Agent in the Agency Agreement and/or 
the VPS Conditions. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(b)(iv), if in the Calculation Agent’s 
opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making 
any determination or calculation under this Condition 4(b)(iv), the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer and/or the Independent Advisor thereof and the Issuer shall direct 
the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the 
Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to 
make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer and/or the 
Independent Advisor (as the case may be) thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not 
doing so. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is 
not determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 4(b)(iv) prior to the relevant Issuer 
Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period shall be 
determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 4(b)(ii)4(b)(ii)(B). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(b)(iv) no Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the 
terms of the VPS Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iv), if and to the extent 
that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected: 
(A) 
to prejudice the qualification of the VPS Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities; and 
(B) 
to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date as the 
effective maturity of the VPS Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
In the VPS Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
(b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference 
Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate for which no such recommendation has 
been made or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the relevant Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the relevant Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable); or 
(C) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the relevant 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in its discretion determines (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate, having 
regard to the objective of reducing or eliminating, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
the VPS Noteholders;  
Alternative Reference Rate means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining floating rates of interest in respect of notes denominated in the Specified

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Periods, or, if such Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion is most comparable to the 
relevant Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
such Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing such 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such 
Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (B)(i); or 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or  
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of such Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate will, on or before 
a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling 
six months prior to the specified date referred to in (D)(i); or 
(E) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of such Original Reference Rate that means such Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (E)(i); or 
(F) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any VPS Noteholder using such Original Reference Rate; or 
(G) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 4(b)(iv); 
Original Reference Rate means  
(A) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purposes of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) 
on the VPS Notes; or 
(B) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been 
determined in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to 
the operation of Condition 4(b)(iv); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of such Original Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such 
Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such Original Reference 
Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Reference Rate means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement of the relevant Original Reference

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.Determination of 
Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on 
the Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each 
Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of 
any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period: 
(A) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
(B) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(D) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(F) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(G) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(vi) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if 
the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vii) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the VPS 
Agent, the VPS Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are 
for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 11 as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the VPS Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 11. For the purposes of this paragraph (vii), the expression 
London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. The notification of any 
rate or amount, if applicable, shall be made to Euronext VPS in accordance with and subject to 
Euronext VPS rules and regulations for the time being in effect. 
(viii) 
Determination or Calculation by the VPS Trustee 
If for any reason at any relevant time the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to 
determine the Rate of Interest, the VPS Trustee shall determine the Rate of Interest at such 
rate as, in its absolute discretion (having such regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 4(b)(viii), but subject always to any Minimum Rate of Interest or 
Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms), it shall deem fair and 
reasonable in all the circumstances or, as the case may be, the VPS Trustee shall calculate the 
Interest Amount(s) in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances 
and each such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(ix) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4, by the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, 
manifest error or proven error) be binding on all parties and (in the absence of wilful default 
or bad faith) no liability shall attach to the Calculation Agent or the VPS Trustee (if 
applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Accrual of interest 
Each VPS Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a VPS Note, that part only of such 
VPS Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due 
presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will 
continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such VPS Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
VPS Note has been received by the VPS Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
(d) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them in respect of the VPS Notes and for so long as any VPS Note is outstanding (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the VPS 
Notes, references in the VPS Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the VPS Conditions. If the Calculation Agent 
is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of 
Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
Issuer shall (with the prior approval of the VPS Trustee) appoint a leading bank or investment banking 
firm engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index 
options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in 
such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  
(b) 
Payments in respect of VPS Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes and notification thereof to VPS Noteholders 
will be made to the VPS Noteholders shown in the records of Euronext VPS and will be effected 
through and in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from time to time governing 
Euronext VPS. The VPS Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any VPS Noteholder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time with the approval of the VPS Trustee to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the VPS Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other agents, 
provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a VPS Agent authorised to act as an account 
operating institution with Euronext VPS, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the VPS 
Conditions so require, and (iii) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on 
which the VPS Notes may be listed in each case. 
Notice of any such change or of any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
(c) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any VPS Note is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant payment due until the next following Payment 
Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
London; and 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(C) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
place of presentation, London and any Additional Financial Centre and which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 
System is open. 
(d) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the VPS Conditions to principal in respect of the VPS Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(iii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the VPS Notes; 
(iv) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 6(h)); 
and 
(v) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the VPS Notes. 
Any reference in the VPS Conditions to interest in respect of the VPS Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below or (if applicable, pursuant 
to Condition 6(j) substituted, each VPS Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6(e), the VPS Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this VPS Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on an Interest 
Payment Date (if this VPS Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the VPS Agent 
and in accordance with Condition 11, the VPS Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment date due under the VPS Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result 
of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 7) or any change in application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the first Tranche of VPS Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measure available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
VPS Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(b), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the VPS Agent to make available at its specified office to the VPS Noteholders (i) a 
certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a 
result of such change or amendment. 
VPS Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 6(e) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 6(i), the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period of notice nor more than 
the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the VPS Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 11 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem all or some only of the VPS Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption 
Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not 
more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
If Sterling Make-Whole Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Optional Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount shall be equal to the higher of (i) 100 
per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the VPS Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the principal 
amount outstanding of the VPS Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the price, as reported to the Issuer 
by the Financial Adviser, at which the Gross Redemption Yield on such VPS Notes on the Reference 
Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield (determined by reference to the middle market price) at 
the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Date of the Reference 
Bond, plus the Redemption Margin, all as determined by the Financial Adviser. 
If Non-Sterling Make-Whole Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Optional Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
VPS Agent equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the VPS 
Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the sum of the present values of the principal amount outstanding of the 
VPS Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such VPS Note (exclusive of interest 
accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis at the 
Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin. 
In this Condition 6(c): 
FA Selected Bond means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the VPS Notes that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the VPS Notes and 
of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the VPS Notes; 
Financial Adviser means a financial adviser selected by the Issuer; 
Gross Redemption Yield means, in respect of a security, the gross redemption yield for such security, 
expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Financial Adviser on the basis set out by the United 
Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields page 
5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with 
Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date (published 08/06/1998 and updated on 
15/01/2002 and 16/03/2005 (as amended and supplemented from time to time)) on a semi-annual 
compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal 
places) or on such other basis as the Issuer may approve;  
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or shall be the FA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the Calculation 
Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic 
average of all such quotations; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed 
as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption; 
Reference Date will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption;

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their 
affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) 
market makers in pricing corporate bond issues;  
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of 
its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference 
Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any VPS Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such VPS Note for the remaining term of such VPS Note determined on the 
basis of the rate of interest applicable to such VPS Note from and including the date on which such 
VPS Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6(c). 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certifications, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6(c) by the Calculation Agent, shall (in 
the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error or proven error) be binding on all parties and (in 
the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability shall attach to the Calculation Agent or in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
In the case of a partial redemption of VPS Notes, the VPS Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed VPS 
Notes) will be selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS in the relation to 
such VPS Notes, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection 
being hereinafter called the Selection Date). 
(d) 
Redemption upon MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 6(d) applies only where it is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and references to VPS Notes and VPS Noteholders in this Condition 6(d) shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6(i), the VPS Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, 
in whole, but not in part, at any time (in the case of all VPS Notes other than Floating Rate VPS Notes) 
or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate VPS Notes) on giving not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 11, the VPS Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) if a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(d), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the VPS Noteholders a certificate signed 
by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(d) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6(e) together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption.  
(e) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6(b), Condition 6(d), and Condition 9: 
(i) 
each VPS Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and 
(ii) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption (or as the case may be) the date upon which such VPS Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the VPS Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such VPS Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will 
be 360) or (iii) actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of VPS Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such VPS Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
(f) 
Purchases 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6(i), the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time 
purchase VPS Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such VPS Notes may be held, 
reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, cancelled by causing such VPS Notes to be deleted from 
the records of Euronext VPS. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All VPS Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be cancelled by 
causing such VPS Notes to be deleted from the records of Euronext VPS. 
All VPS Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled in the same manner. Any VPS Notes so 
cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such VPS 
Notes shall be discharged. 
(h) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to Condition 6(a), 6(b) or 6(c) or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in 
Condition 9, as the case may be, is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6(e)(ii) 
above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such 
Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the 
earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to 
the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
(i) 
Regulatory Consent 
No early redemption in any circumstances, purchase under Condition 6(f), or substitution or variation 
under Condition 6(j) shall take place without the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (in 
each case, if, and to the extent, then required by the Relevant Regulator and by the Applicable MREL 
Regulations). For the avoidance of doubt, a redemption of the Notes under Condition 6(a) or repayment 
pursuant to Condition 9, as the case may be, shall not require the consent of the Relevant Regulator. 
(j) 
Substitution or Variation 
This Condition 6(j) applies only where it is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and references to VPS Notes and VPS Noteholders in this Condition 6(j) shall be construed 
accordingly. 
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 
6(i) (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the VPS Noteholders) on giving not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 11, the VPS 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some only) of the VPS 
Notes for, or vary the terms of the VPS Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 16, 
from English law to Norwegian law) so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying MREL 
Securities (as defined below), provided that such substitution or variation does not itself give rise to

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
any right of the Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied securities that are inconsistent with the 
redemption provisions of the VPS Notes. 
Prior to any such substitution or variation of the VPS Notes, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent a 
certificate in the form described in the definition of Qualifying MREL Securities in accordance with 
the provisions thereof. 
7. 
TAXATION 
Subject as provided in this Condition 7, all payments of principal and interest in respect of the VPS 
Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, in the case of 
payments of interest only, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order 
that the net amounts received by the holders of the VPS Notes after such withholding or deduction shall 
equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the VPS Notes in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any VPS Note: 
(i) 
presented for payment in Norway; 
(ii) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes in respect of such VPS Note by reason of his 
having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such VPS 
Note; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5(c)). 
As used herein: 
Tax Jurisdiction means Norway or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax (in the case of payments by the Issuer); and 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the VPS Agent on or prior to such due 
date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to 
that effect is duly given to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The VPS Notes will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case 
of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 17) 
therefor. 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT  
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing 
with respect to any VPS Note: 
(a) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed by any competent authority 
for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of reorganisation on 
terms approved by a VPS Noteholders Meeting of the VPS Noteholders; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a 
conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other 
arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is 
convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors 
generally (or any class of its creditors),  
then the VPS Trustee may, by written notice to the Issuer declare any VPS Notes to be forthwith due 
and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 6(e)), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of 
repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
10. 
TRANSFER AND EXCHANGE OF VPS NOTES 
(a) 
Transfers of Interests in VPS Notes 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes will take place two Oslo Business 
Days after the date of the relevant transaction. VPS Notes may be transferred between accountholders 
at Euronext VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the time being, of Euronext 
VPS. A transfer of VPS Notes which is held in Euronext VPS through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is only possible by using an account operator linked to Euronext VPS. 
(b) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of VPS Notes under Condition 6, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any VPS Note, or part of a VPS Note, called for partial redemption. 
(c) 
Costs of registration and administration of the VPS Register 
VPS Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration, 
transfer or administration in relation to the VPS Register, except for any costs or expenses of delivery 
other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum 
sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to 
the registration. 
11. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the VPS Noteholders shall be valid if the relevant notice is given to Euronext VPS for 
communication by it to the VPS Noteholders and, so long as the VPS Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange, the Issuer shall ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of such exchange. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date two days after 
delivery to Euronext VPS. 
12. 
MEETINGS OF VPS NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
(a) 
Provisions with respect to Holders of VPS Notes 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the VPS Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including sanctioning by a majority of votes (as more fully 
set out in the VPS Trustee Agreement) a modification of the VPS Notes or any of the provisions of the 
VPS Trustee Agreement (or, in certain cases, sanctioning by a majority of two thirds of votes). Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer, the VPS Trustee, the Exchange or by VPS Noteholders 
holding not less than 10 per cent. of the Voting VPS Notes. (For the purpose of this Condition 12, 
Voting VPS Notes means the aggregate nominal amount of the total number of VPS Notes not 
redeemed or otherwise deregistered in Euronext VPS, less the VPS Notes owned by the Issuer, any 
party who has decisive influence over the Issuer or any party over whom the Issuer has decisive 
influence.) 
The quorum at a meeting for passing a resolution is one or more persons holding not less than 50 per 
cent. in aggregate nominal amount of the Voting VPS Notes or at any adjourned meeting one or more 
persons being or representing holders of Voting VPS Notes whatever the nominal amount of the VPS 
Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the 
modification of certain provisions of the VPS Notes, the VPS Trustee Agreement (including modifying 
the date of maturity of the VPS Notes or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or 
cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the VPS Notes or altering 
the currency of payment of the VPS Notes), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds in aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding Voting VPS 
Notes, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one 
third in aggregate nominal amount of the Voting VPS Notes. A resolution passed at any meeting of the 
VPS Noteholders shall be binding on all the VPS Noteholders, whether or not they are present at such 
meeting. 
(b) 
Modification 
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that: 
(i) 
in order to make the following amendments, a majority of at least two-thirds of the votes cast 
in respect of Voting VPS Notes is required:

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
(A) 
modification of the Maturity Date of the VPS Notes specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or reduction or cancellation of the nominal amount payable upon maturity; 
(B) 
reduction or calculation of the amount payable, or modification of the payment date 
in respect of any interest in respect of the VPS Notes or variation of the method of 
calculating the rate of interest in respect of the VPS Notes; 
(C) 
reduction of any Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(D) 
modification of the currency in which payments under the VPS Notes are to be made; 
(E) 
modification of the majority requirement to pass a resolution in respect of the matters 
listed in this paragraph (i); 
(F) 
any alteration of Clause 4.1(f) of the VPS Trustee Agreement (which sets out the 
matters for which a majority of two-thirds of votes is required); 
(G) 
the transfer of rights and obligations under the VPS Conditions and the VPS Trustee 
Agreement to another Issuer; and/or 
(H) 
a change of VPS Trustee; 
(ii) 
save as set out in Condition 12(b)(i) above, the VPS Trustee, without providing prior written 
notice to, or consultation with, the VPS Noteholders may make decisions binding on all 
affected VPS Noteholders relating to the Final Terms, the VPS Conditions/or and the VPS 
Trustee Agreement provided that such decision is either (x) not detrimental to the rights and 
benefits of the affected VPS Noteholders in any material respect, (y) made solely for 
rectifying obvious errors and mistakes, or (z) required to be made pursuant to law, court order 
or other administrative decision. The VPS Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the affected 
VPS Noteholders of any proposal to make such amendments, setting out the date from which 
the amendment will be effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary. 
13. 
VPS TRUSTEE 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the VPS Trustee and for its 
relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified 
and/or secured to its satisfaction. VPS Noteholders are deemed to have accepted and will be bound by 
the VPS Conditions and the terms of the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
14. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the VPS Noteholders to create 
and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the VPS Notes or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which 
interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding VPS Notes. 
15. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of this VPS Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law 
The VPS Notes (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the VPS 
Notes) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save as to Conditions 
2, 3, 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
such conditions) which are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Norwegian law.  
The VPS Trustee Agreement and VPS Agency Agreement are governed by and shall be construed in 
accordance with Norwegian law. 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Act of 15 March 2019 no. 64 on Central Securities 
Depositories (the CSD Act) (Nw. verdipapirsentralloven), which implements Regulation (EU) No. 
909/2014 () into Norwegian law, and, to the extent applicable the Norwegian Act of 5 July 2002 No. 64

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
on the Registration of Financial Instruments, as amended from time to time, and the holders of VPS 
Notes will be entitled to the rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under 
these Acts and any related regulations and legislation. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(i) 
Subject to Condition 16(b)(iii) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes, including any dispute as to 
their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes (a Dispute) and all Disputes will be 
submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 16(b), each of the Issuer and the VPS Trustee (or 
alternatively any holders of VPS Notes or Coupons) taking proceedings in relation to any 
Dispute waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(iii) 
This Condition 16(b)(iii) is for the benefit of the VPS Trustee (on behalf of the holders of VPS 
Notes) only. To the extent allowed by law, the VPS Trustee (on behalf of the holders of VPS 
Notes) may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with 
jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Intrust Advisory Limited at its registered office at 4th Floor, Portman 
House, 2 Portman Street, London, W1H 6DU, United Kingdom. as its agent for service of process in 
any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of 
Intrust Advisory Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act or ceasing to be registered 
in England, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in 
respect of any Dispute. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will 
not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law. 
17. 
CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF NORWEGIAN STATUTORY LOSS ABSORPTION 
POWERS 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the VPS Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any VPS Noteholder (which, for the purposes of 
this Condition 17, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the VPS Notes), by its acquisition of 
any VPS Note, each VPS Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the 
VPS Notes may be subject to the exercise of Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise may include and result in (without limitation) any of the 
following, or a combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the VPS 
Notes; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the VPS 
Notes into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, 
and the issue to or conferral on the VPS Noteholder of such shares, securities or 
obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the 
terms of the VPS Notes; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the VPS Notes; 
and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the VPS Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the VPS Notes, or the date(s) on which interest 
becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the VPS Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
18. 
DEFINITIONS 
In the VPS Conditions the following words shall have the following meanings: 
Agency Agreement means an amended and restated agency agreement dated 19 August 2021 between 
the Issuer and the agents named therein, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time; 
Applicable MREL Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies then in effect in Norway giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor 
regulations then applicable to the Issuer, including, without limitation to the generality of the 
foregoing, CRD IV, the BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving 
effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor regulations then in effect (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally 
or specifically to the Issuer); 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on resolution and 
recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may be, any provision of Norwegian 
law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time (including, 
without limitation, by the Creditor Hierarchy Directive); 
Calculation Agency Agreement in relation to any Series of VPS Notes means an agreement in or 
substantially in the form of Schedule 1 to the Agency Agreement; 
Calculation Agent means, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series, the person appointed as 
calculation agent in relation to the VPS Notes by the Issuer pursuant to the provisions of a Calculation 
Agency Agreement (or any other agreement) and shall include any successor calculation agent 
appointed in respect of the VPS Notes; 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
CRD IV means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD IV Directive, the CRR 
and any CRD IV Implementing Measures; 
CRD IV Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published 
in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 (or, as the case may be, any provision of 
Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to 
time; 
CRD IV Implementing Measures means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any 
other rules, regulations or other requirements) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments 
for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) 
to the extent required by the CRD IV Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt and 
without limitation any regulatory technical standards released from time to time by the European 
Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof); 
Creditor Hierarchy Directive means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking of unsecured 
debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, or any equivalent legislation (or, as the case may be, any 
provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive); 
CRR means Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty; 
Exchange means, for the purpose of the VPS Conditions, the securities exchange or other reputable 
marketplace for securities, on which the VPS Notes are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for 
listing of the VPS Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
Fixed Rate Note means a VPS Note on which interest is calculated at a fixed rate payable in arrear on 
one or more Interest Payment Dates in each year as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Floating Rate Note means a VPS Note on which interest is calculated at a floating rate, payable in 
arrear on one or more Interest Payment Dates in each year as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Group means the Issuer and its subsidiaries; 
Interest Commencement Date means, in the case of interest bearing VPS Notes, the date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms from and including which the VPS Notes bear interest, which may or may 
not be the Issue Date; 
Issue Date means, in respect of any VPS Note, the date of issue of the VPS Note; 
MREL Disqualification Event means the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of a change in 
any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS Notes, the VPS Notes will 
be fully excluded or partially excluded from the “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor 
term) available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) if the Issuer is then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such MREL Requirement, 
provided that a MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be caused 
by (1) the remaining maturity of the VPS Notes being less than any period prescribed by any applicable 
eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations, or (2) any applicable limits on the amount 
of “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL 
Requirement(s) being exceeded; 
MREL Eligible Liabilities means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) which are 
available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) of the Issuer under Applicable MREL Regulations; 
MREL Requirement means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities which is 
or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer; 
NFSA means the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet); 
Non-Preferred Junior Securities means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any obligations 
of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes; 
Non-Preferred Parity Securities means any unsecured obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank, pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes; 
Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom of Norway, 
relating to (i) the transposition into Norwegian law of the BRRD (or, as the case may be, any provision 
of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive) as amended or replaced from time to 
time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation 
of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified or converted into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a 
temporary period); 
Oslo Business Days means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Oslo; 
outstanding means, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series, all the VPS Notes issued other than: 
(a) 
those VPS Notes which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to the VPS Conditions; 
(b) 
those VPS Notes in respect of which the date for redemption in accordance with the VPS 
Conditions has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) accrued to 
the date for redemption and any interest (if any) payable under the VPS Conditions after that 
date) have been duly paid to or to the order of the VPS Agent in the manner provided in the 
VPS Conditions and the VPS Agency Agreement (and where appropriate notice to that effect

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with the VPS Conditions) and remain 
available for payment of the relevant VPS Notes; 
(c) 
those VPS Notes which have been purchased and cancelled in accordance with the VPS 
Conditions; and 
(d) 
those VPS Notes in respect of which claims have become prescribed under the VPS 
Conditions; 
Qualifying MREL Securities means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 17 to Norwegian law in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17 have terms not materially 
less favourable to the VPS Noteholders as a class than the terms of the VPS Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that a certification to such effect of two 
authorised Directors of the Issuer shall have been delivered to the Agent not less than five 
Business Days prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the VPS Notes, the issue of the 
relevant securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the VPS Notes, such variation, as the 
case may be), and, subject thereto, they shall (1) have a ranking at least equal to that of the 
VPS Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (2) have at least the 
same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to 
the VPS Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (3) have the same 
redemption rights as the VPS Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, 
(4) comply with the then current requirements in relation to “eligible liabilities” (or any 
equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL Regulations, (5) preserve 
any existing rights under the VPS Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in 
respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, 
and (6) where VPS Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published rating from 
the Rating Agency immediately prior to such substitution or variation, such Rating Agency 
has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to the 
relevant Qualifying MREL Securities; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the VPS Notes were listed immediately prior to 
such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer; 
Rating Agency means S&P Global Ratings or its successor; 
Reference Bank means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office of four 
major banks in the London inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the case of a 
determination of CIBOR, the principal Copenhagen office of four major banks in the Danish inter-bank 
market, in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the 
Norwegian inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm 
office of four major banks in the Swedish inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation 
Agent or as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
Reference Banks Agent means an independent investment bank, commercial bank or stockbroker 
appointed by the Issuer; 
Relevant Amounts means the outstanding principal amount of the VPS Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the VPS Notes and any other amounts which 
may otherwise be or become payable at any time in connection with the VPS Notes. References to such 
amounts will include (but are not limited to) amounts that have become due and payable, but which 
have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority; 
Relevant Date means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the 
date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly 
given to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11; 
Relevant Regulator means the NFSA and any successor or replacement thereto, or other authority 
having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority (if applicable), in any case as determined by the Issuer;

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the (or each) resolution authority with the ability to exercise 
any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer;  
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service) specified as the Relevant Screen Page 
in the applicable Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the Reference Rate; 
Senior Creditors means (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) all unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer 
(including, inter alios, holders of Senior Preferred VPS Notes other than creditors in respect of any 
Non-Preferred Parity Securities and any Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any); 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, Brussels 
time, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, Copenhagen time, in the case of a determination of 
CIBOR, or Stockholm time, in the case of a determination of STIBOR) or 12.00 p.m. (Oslo time, in the 
case of a determination of NIBOR);  
Statutory Non-Preferred Claims means, upon Norway adopting legislation introducing a senior non-
preferred ranking class as prescribed by Article 108(2) of the BRRD (as amended by Directive (EU) 
2017/2399 of the European parliament and the Council of 12 December 2017 amending the BRRD as 
regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy), unsecured claims resulting 
from debt instruments that meet the following conditions: 
(i) 
the original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is at least one year; 
(ii) 
the debt instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives themselves; and 
(iii) 
the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the 
issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking under this paragraph (iii); and 
Treaty means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
Bank Norwegian ASA (the Issuer) 
 
Introduction 
The Issuer currently consists Bank Norwegian ASA and its wholly owned subsidiary Lilienthal Finance Ltd. 
(Lilienthal Finance).  
In July 2021 the Issuer finalised a merger with Norwegian Finans Holding, by the means of a reverse parent-subsidiary 
merger. Norwegian Finans Holding, being the former holding company and ultimate parent of the group, was merged 
with the Issuer and dissolved. Norwegian Finans Holding has been listed on Oslo Børs since 2016, with Bank 
Norwegian AS (converted to ASA in April 2021) as a 100 per cent. subsidiary. Norwegian Finans Holding has had no 
operations other than being a holding company in the group. After the merger, the Issuer is the ultimate parent of the 
Group. The merger is expected to yield financial, governance and operational benefits for the combined entities. 
Further details on the merger are set out in the merger plan announced in March, approved by an extraordinary general 
meeting 
on 
4 
June 
2021, 
published 
at 
https://www.banknorwegian.no/Documents/NO/InvestorRelations/Generalforsamling/Merger%20plan%20NFH%20A
SA%20and%20BN%20AS.pdf?202103271210 
and 
https://www.banknorwegian.no/Documents/NO/InvestorRelations/Generalforsamling/Updated%20Annex%20to%20M
erger%20Plan%20EN.pdf, as well as the exemption document in relation to the merger, published at 
https://www.banknorwegian.no/Documents/NO/InvestorRelations/Exempted%20Document%20Bank%20Norwegian
%20ASA.pdf.  
The Issuer offers banking services in the form of consumer loans, credit cards and deposits to retail customers in the 
Nordic market. The Issuer is currently working on expanding its business, through the same business model, into 
Europe, currently focusing on Germany and Spain. The operations in Sweden, Denmark and Finland are established 
through cross-border operations by the Issuer, as will be the case in Germany and Spain. 
On 2 May 2019, Norwegian Finans Holding ASA entered into an agreement to acquire all the shares in Lilienthal 
Finance (incorporated in Ireland) and, through Lilienthal Finance, all rights to the Norwegian brand for banking 
services and access to customers in Europe (excluding the Nordic region). Through the merger, the ownership of 
Lilienthal Finance has been transferred to Bank Norwegian ASA. Lilienthal Finance is an Irish project company, 
without operations other than holding relevant intellectual property rights (IP-rights) in Europe ex. Nordics. Lilienthal 
Finance is planned merged into the Issuer or dissolved during the fall of 2021.  
Incorporation, registered office and registration number 
Bank Norwegian is a public limited liability company (in Norwegian: allmennaksjeselskap) organised under 
Norwegian law, including the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act. Bank Norwegian’s business 
register number is 991 455 671. It was incorporated on 23 May 2007 and registered with the Norwegian Register of 
Business Enterprises on 23 May 2007.  
As of 30 June 2021, Bank Norwegian’s registered share capital was NOK 186,904,268 divided into 186,904,268 
shares, each with a nominal value of NOK 1. All of the shares are authorised and fully paid. Bank Norwegian ASA has 
one class of shares, each share carrying equal voting rights at General Meetings. Its Articles of Association do not 
provide for limitations on the transferability or ownership of shares. 
Bank Norwegian ASA has its registered office at Snarøyveien 36, NO-1364 Fornebu, Norway and may be reached via 
tel. +47 23 36 16 99. 
Legal structure 
The legal structure of the Issuer is set out below:

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
Brief history and development 
The below table briefly outlines the most important events and developments throughout the history of Norwegian 
Finans Holding (pre-merger) and the Issuer: 
 
Date 
Important events 
May 2007 
Bank Norwegian (f/k/a Norwegian Prosjekt 01 AS) is incorporated, with a paid-in equity 
of NOK 30 million 
June 2007 
Norwegian Finans Holding is incorporated 
September 2007 
Bank Norwegian is granted a banking license by the Ministry of Finance 
(Finansdepartementet) 
October 2007 
Norwegian Finans Holding successfully completes a NOK 240 million stock issue at 
NOK 2 per Share 
November 2007 
Bank Norwegian launches operations with 30,000 pre-registered credit card customers. 
The product offering consists of unsecured consumer instalment loans, “Norwegian 
Reward” credit cards issued on behalf of Terra Kort, demand deposit account and 
savings deposit account, all offered through the internet 
August 2008 
Residential mortgage loan product is ready for launch, but it is scrapped due to the 
financial crisis 
April 2009 
Bank Norwegian reaches profitability 
June 2009 
Bank Norwegian launches electronic customer ID solution and fully automated loan 
application process 
September 2009 
Bank Norwegian launches first application credit score card based on own customer data 
December 2009 
Bank Norwegian launches mobile banking solution 
December 2009 
Bank Norwegian issued a BBB shadow credit rating by DNB 
April 2010 
Norwegian Finans Holding successfully completes a NOK 40 million equity issue to 
fund commencement of own credit card issuing business 
April 2010 
Bank Norwegian launches own credit card business in co-operation with the airline 
Norwegian. Most customers on Terra Kort’s balance sheet migrate to Bank Norwegian 
March 2011 
Bank Norwegian reaches 100,000 customers 
May 2011 
Bank Norwegian issues first senior unsecured bond with a maturity of three years 
January 2012 
Bank Norwegian launches first behavioural score card based on customer performance 
data 
September 2012 
Bank Norwegian reaches 200,000 customers 
December 2012 
Bank Norwegian issued a BBB+ shadow credit rating by DNB 
May 2013 
Bank Norwegian launches operations in Sweden offering credit card in co-operation 
with the airline Norwegian 
August 2013 
Bank Norwegian launches consumer loans in Sweden 
October 2013 
Bank Norwegian launches savings deposit account in Sweden 
December 2013 
Bank Norwegian reaches 300,000 customers 
December 2013 
Bank Norwegian issues subordinated debt and hybrid capital 
April 2014 
Bank Norwegian launches responsive design and device independent internet platform 
June 2014 
The Norwegian Finans Holding stock registered on the NOTC A list at NOK 17.25 per 
share

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
July 2014 
Bank Norwegian reaches 400,000 customers 
October 2014 
Swedish operations of Bank Norwegian reaches profitability 
December 2014 
Sale of portfolio of non-performing loans for NOK 168.3 million 
May 2015 
Bank Norwegian reaches 500,000 customers 
December 2015 
Bank Norwegian launches operations in Denmark and Finland simultaneously, offering 
unsecured consumer instalment loans and savings deposit account 
April 2016 
Norwegian Finans Holding issues NOK 300 million in equity in a private placement and 
announces a subsequent equity issue up to NOK 40 million to take place during June 
2016 
April 2016 
Norwegian Finans Holding announces intent to list the share on Oslo Børs, aiming for 
June 2016 
April 2016 
Norwegian Finans Holding reaches a market capitalisation exceeding NOK 12 billion 
according to the registration on the NOTC A list 
June 2016 
Bank Norwegian launch of credit card in co-operation with the airline Norwegian in 
Denmark and Finland 
June 2016 
Norwegian Finans Holding listed on the OSE 
November 2016 
Erik Jensen, CEO of the bank since inception, resigns 
January 2017 
Bank Norwegian launches mobile App 
February 2017 
Bank Norwegian reaches 1,000,000 customers 
February 2017 
Norwegian Finans Holding issues NOK 500 million in equity in a private placement 
March 2017 
Bank Norwegian is assigned a credit rating of BBB by S&P Global Ratings 
April 2017 
Tine Wollebekk is appointed CEO 
April 2018 
The mobile App surpasses 1,000,000 monthly logins 
October 2018 
The mobile App surpasses 1,500,000 monthly logins 
November 2018 
Bank Norwegian reaches 1,500,000 customers 
December 2018 
Sale of non-performing loans portfolio with a gross balance totalling NOK 1,522 
million in Finland 
December 2018 
Norwegian Finans Holding enters into an agreement to acquire 40 per cent. of Lilienthal 
Finance Ltd with the intention of applying for an EU banking licence in Ireland. 
Lilienthal Finance Ltd holds all rights to the Norwegian brand for banking services and 
access to customers in Europe. 
May 2019 
Norwegian Finans Holding acquires the remaining 60 per cent. of the shares in Lilienthal 
Finance Ltd. 
August 2019 
12 years after inception of the bank, Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA sells its remaining 
shareholding in Norwegian Finans Holding to Cidron Xingu Limited, a company 
indirectly controlled by Nordic Capital and Sampo plc., which becomes the largest 
shareholder with 16.7 per cent. ownership stake. 
August 2019 
Bank Norwegian announces the initiation of the process (the Exploratory Phase) with 
the Central Bank of Ireland to apply for an EU banking licence in Ireland. 
November 2019 
Bank Norwegian reaches 1,700,000 customers 
March 2020 
Nordic Capital announces that it has, through Cidron Xingu Ltd., increased its ownership 
stake in Norwegian Finans Holding. Sampo and Nordic Capital collectively own 22.7 
per cent. of the company.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
June 2020 
The Exploratory Phase concludes with the Central Bank of Ireland recommending that 
Bank Norwegian does not advance to the draft application phase at this point in time. 
October 2020 
The Issuer announces on track with European Expansion and that Spain and Germany 
are prioritized from shortlist – planned launch in Q4 2021 
March 2021 
The Issuer held its first Capital Markets Day ever 
May 2020 
Norwegian Finans Holding pays its first ever ordinary dividend of NOK 5 per share and 
NOK 1 to be distributed in Q4 2021 depending on market conditions 
June 2021 
Tine Wollebekk resigns as CEO and Klara-Lise Aasen is appointed interim CEO 
July 2021 
Announcement of public voluntary offer from Nordax Bank AB (publ) 
July 2021 
Norwegian Finans Holding ASA merged with the Issuer, leaving the Issuer ultimate 
parent of the Bank Norwegian group, with Lilienthal Finance Ltd. as the only subsidiary.  
July 2021 
The Issuer is listed on Oslo Stock Exchange with BANO as new ticker (previously 
NOFI). One share in Norwegian Finans Holding ASA pre-merger gives right to one 
share in the Issuer post-merger. 
Agreements with Norwegian Air Shuttle 
Introduction 
The agreements described in this section constitute all the contractual relations between the Issuer and Norwegian Air 
Shuttle (or its subsidiaries). Some of the agreements have been renewed or extended, but the material terms have 
remained the same from time to time. The agreements described in this section are material and may be regarded as 
being outside the ordinary course of business. 
License Agreement 
Effective from 1 January 2014, the Issuer and NAB, a wholly owned subsidiary of Norwegian Air Shuttle, have 
entered into a trademark license agreement (the License Agreement) pursuant to which the Issuer is granted a right to 
use the following intellectual property rights (the IPR) 
(i) 
“the mark/combined brand “Norwegian”, also in combination with “bank” or any compounded words”; and 
(ii) 
“designs and graphical design of websites according to the pattern that Norwegian Air Shuttle uses at any 
time”. 
The Issuer may, however, only use the license in relation to its activities in the bank sector. 
Neither of the parties to the License Agreement may terminate except in certain situations (for example, in the case of a 
material failure by the other party to meet its obligations pursuant to the License Agreement). 
The License Agreement includes terms and conditions typical to arrangements of the same or similar nature. The 
License Agreement has been renewed and extended for a term of ten (10) years from 20 June 2018 and covers Norway, 
Sweden, Denmark and Finland. Following that 10-years’ period, the parties shall renegotiate the size of the 
consideration payable to NAB (such renegotiation to take place every fifth anniversary). 
Reward Agreement 
The Issuer and Norwegian Air Shuttle have, with effect from 1 January 2014, entered into a reward agreement (the 
Reward Agreement). According to the Reward Agreement, the Issuer became a joint venture partner of “Norwegian 
Reward” – a loyalty programme where members earn “CashPoints”. 
As a joint venture partner of “Norwegian Reward”, “CashPoints” may be earned through the use of the Issuer’s credit 
card, and which may then be used to purchase airline tickets with Norwegian Air Shuttle. Neither of the parties to the 
Reward Agreement may terminate except in certain situations (for example, in the case of a material failure by the 
other party to meet its obligations pursuant to the Reward Agreement). Otherwise, the Reward Agreement includes 
terms and conditions typical to arrangements of the same or similar nature. 
The Reward Agreement has been renewed and extended for a term of ten (10) years from 20 June 2018 and covers 
Norway, Sweden, Denmark and Finland. Following that 10-years’ period, the parties shall renegotiate the size of the 
consideration payable to Norwegian Air Shuttle (such renegotiation to take place every fifth anniversary).

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
Norwegian Air Shuttle Agency Agreements 
Effective from 1 January 2013, the Issuer and Norwegian Air Shuttle entered into two agency agreements (each a 
Norwegian Air Shuttle Agency Agreements and, together the Norwegian Air Shuttle Agency Agreements) 
pursuant to which Norwegian Air Shuttle shall act as an exclusive agent for the Issuer for the marketing, distribution 
and sale of: 
(i) 
credit cards to existing and new customers of Norwegian Air Shuttle in Norway, Sweden, Denmark and 
Finland; and 
(ii) 
financing of flights purchased by Norwegian Air Shuttle’s customers (in Norway and Sweden). 
Norwegian Air Shuttle’s duties under the Norwegian Air Shuttle Agency Agreements are limited to the marketing, 
distribution and sale of the products described in (i) and (ii) above, and any contractual relation resulting from such 
marketing, distribution and sale is solely and exclusively between the Issuer and the customer in question. The Issuer 
and Norwegian Air Shuttle have agreed to temporarily suspend the Norwegian Air Shuttle Agency Agreement relating 
to the marketing, distribution and sale of the products described in (ii) above. 
Generally, the Norwegian Air Shuttle Agency Agreements includes terms and conditions typical to arrangements of the 
same or similar nature. 
Each Norwegian Air Shuttle Agency Agreement was renewed and extended for a term of ten (10) years from 20 June 
2018. Following that 10-year period, the parties shall renegotiate the entirety of the Norwegian Air Shuttle Agency 
Agreements. Prior to that tenth anniversary, neither of the parties may terminate the agreement, except in the event 
that: (i) a party materially fails to perform its obligations, or (ii) the Reward Agreement is terminated. 
Strategy 
Introduction 
The Issuer bases its strategy on a focused approach with a limited and simple product offering distributed through the 
internet in the Nordic countries and Europe, operating from a centralised location and with highly automated processes. 
The Issuer has a vision to become the digital leader for personal loans, credit cards and savings in Europe. The strategy 
is to continue being the Nordic Champion while starting the geographical expansion in Europe. The strategy of the 
Issuer will be implemented focusing on four cornerstones enabling growth: 
Cornerstone 1: Customer insight and product simplicity 
The Issuer is uniquely positioned to serve customers along four key dimensions, product simplicity, speed, customer 
insights and fully digital. Customer experience is based on iterative processes and constant improvements in every 
step. The marketing approach focusing on attracting a high number of applicants enables attraction of the right 
applicants through automated and highly advanced models. 
Sales and marketing 
The Issuer directs its sales efforts mostly towards effective and efficient use of online marketing. Through its strong 
online marketing capability, the Issuer has gained a market share of 18.2 per cent. in the market for unsecured lending 
in Norway. The Issuer has successfully penetrated the other Nordic markets with market shares of 10.6 per cent. in 
Finland, 6.0 per cent. in Denmark and 4.6 per cent. in Sweden1. To supplement its own distribution, the Issuer also 
employs agent distribution. In addition, the Issuer has added to its strong loan growth by successfully executing direct 
mail campaigns. 
Convenient loan application and on-boarding process 
The application process is quick and convenient once a prospective customer has submitted the online application form 
to the Issuer, and a short “time to yes” and “time to cash” is critical. The application process has few steps and 
provides the customer with an instant credit decision and loan terms. Depending on the product applied for and 
individual credit assessment, the applicant can either easily furnish requested documentation or receive the loan 
amount directly. 
Cornerstone 2: Business and operating model 
The Issuer has a solid foundation for profitable growth, with a special focus on the following key focus areas; IT and 
agile development, lean and cost efficiency, operations, operating model and culture and diversity. 
                                                          
1 All market shares based on company estimates, published market data from relevant authorities in respective countries.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
The Issuer has highly transparent, automated and effective operations, focusing on a simple product offering, being 
digital on the inside, being digital on the outside as well as holding strong structure and governance. 
The Issuer’s low-cost operations are predicated on a high degree of automated processes. Due to its economies of scale 
and operating leverage, it is able to enter new markets and grow rapidly with a limited need to hire more employees. 
The Issuer’s service concept, with a limited and simple product offering, is to enable the customers to serve 
themselves, thus reducing the requirement for an extensive customer service operation. 
Strong brand name 
The Issuer has historic ties to the airline Norwegian Air Shuttle, which has been a fast growing airline with a strong 
brand name, providing passengers with affordable direct flights to popular destinations with a modern fleet of aircrafts 
in large parts of the world. The Issuer has been able to leverage off of the airline’s strong market position and brand 
recognition. The Issuer has the same operations footprint as Norwegian Air Shuttle, based on e-commerce, automated 
processes and low- cost, and has a license to use the brand Norwegian etc. for a term of ten (10) years from 20 June 
2018 in Norway, Sweden, Denmark and Finland. 
Large customer base 
The airline Norwegian has an extensive customer base that is susceptible to the Issuer’s market communication and 
products. The Issuer is benefitting from coordinated marketing activities to promote both the credit card and loyalty 
programme. 
The Issuer has in the recent years gained a strong standalone brand name and recognition, enabling expansion to 
Europe without basing the Issuer’s expansion on Norwegian Air Shuttle’s customer base. 
Strong incentive in loyalty credit card 
The Issuer is the exclusive distributor of “Norwegian Reward” credit card in Norway, Sweden, Denmark and Finland, 
where customers earn cash points by airline ticket purchases and all other credit card purchases. The redemption of 
cash points is fully flexible and convenient. 
Cornerstone 3: Data driven risk assessment 
The Issuer has a data driven approach to optimize credit risk through selection, monitoring and provisioning. The 
Issuer’s credit risk policy ensures a diligent process to optimize credit risk that enables responsible lending. The credit 
approval process uses automatic and expert screening processes. Credit risks are monitored regularly using a holistic 
framework. 
The Issuer’s credit process starts with the customers filling in an online loan application. Data is then automatically 
collected from multiple sources, and the system provides an automated credit decision and offer calculation. Customer 
identification and collection of customer documentation is done electronically. There is a manual documentation 
control and loan disbursement. 
The Issuer bases its credit decisions on regression based score card models developed using proprietary customer data. 
It also utilises advanced credit systems for developing, simulating and testing of credit policies, risk classification as 
well as risk metrics calculations. The system is extensively used to automatically identify existing customers that 
qualify for topping up their loans or higher credit limits. 
The Issuer offers instalment loans at competitive individually risk-based prices, whereas credit cards have set interest 
rates. The pricing varies between markets. Instalment loans are offered with terms up to 15 years (depending on the 
market), giving the customers flexibility to set affordable loan payments. Deposits are attractively priced in order to 
remain a reliable and stable source of funding for the Issuer. 
The Issuer has an advanced set-up to facilitate customer payments, through digital payments, self service solutions and 
in-depth analysis to evaluate performance of the processes at all stages. 
Cornerstone 4: Resilient balance sheet and high profitability 
In addition to having a cost efficient business model based on automation and self-service, the Issuer is permeated by a 
low-cost culture and tight cost control, and its incentive model covering all employees ensure that all stakeholders’ 
incentives are aligned. 
Further, the Issuer has significant loss absorption capacity through high internal capital generation and high capital 
buffers, leaving the Issuer in a strong position going forward.  
The Issuer's resilient financial position with high profitability, strong capitalisation and high levels of liquid assets 
make the Issuer well equipped going forward, including to withstand the adverse effects of COVID-19. With strong

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
capital levels the Issuer will continue with the plans on executing the European expansion with expected launch in the 
fourth quarter of 2021, as well as maintaining and improving market shares in the Nordics. 
Financial targets 
In March 2021 the Issuer announced the following financial targets, which were confirmed at latest on 30 June 2021: 
1. Long term profitable lending growth - CAGR above 10 per cent. 
a. 
Expected break-even after 13-15 months in Spain and Germany 
2. ROE above 20 per cent. in 2023 
a. 
Continue to deliver world class operational efficiency 
3. Distribute excess capital 
a. 
Prioritize growth 
b. Deliver on dividend policy (30-60 per cent.) through cash dividend and share buyback 
Recent developments 
COVID-19 and the resulting partial shutdown of Nordic societies quartering March 2020 led to a sharp drop in 
economic activity, which was countered by decisive government measures to soften the impact on the economies. The 
Issuer initially experienced a fall in credit card purchase volumes and lower demand for instalment loans due to lower 
private consumption in the beginning of the second quarter. The Issuer experienced a positive development due to the 
opening of societies and increase in spending in connection with summer holidays; this positive development 
continued throughout the third quarter showing an uptake in private consumption through higher credit card purchase 
volumes and increased instalment loan sales. The fourth quarter was in turn affected by the second wave of COVID-
19, with decline in economic activity resulting in somewhat lower credit card purchase volumes primarily outside each 
home markets, and slightly reduced instalment loan volumes through continued positive customer payment behaviour 
combined with somewhat reduced new sales. 
The start of 2021 was highly affected by an increased pandemic growth rate after the holiday season. Partial lockdowns 
and stricter social restrictions were announced with the ambition to combat the rapid global increase of COVID-19 
virus infections referred to as “wave two”, which cumulated during the last weeks of 2020. Massive vaccination 
programmes were initiated at the end of December and early January in most countries, including the Nordics, with an 
aim to cover the majority of the adult population prior to summer. The exceptionally rapid development of vaccines 
has been an extraordinary accomplishment and is expected to accelerate growth during 2021. The economic activity 
during the first half of 2021 was still subdued and there is still uncertainty related to the pace of recovery. The Nordic 
countries have decided to prolong the governments’ supportive actions for the economies through the first half of 2021 
to reduce the negative impact for businesses and individuals. Unemployment rates are still at elevated levels, but lower 
than previously anticipated and the outlook is somewhat better, partly due to government support schemes. 
It is still too early to predict how COVID-19 will finally affect the Issuer. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there 
is limited evidence in observed customer behaviour that indicates a significant increase in credit risk (SICR). 
Furthermore, the drop-off in economic activity observed in has led to a sharp increase in unemployment, which is 
expected to culminate in higher credit losses. 
The Issuer has maintained normal operations and underwriting of credit throughout the crisis and will continue to 
support its customers. 
On 4 March 2021, Nordax Bank AB announced an intention to launch a voluntary offer for the shares in Norwegian 
Finans Holding, subject to completion of satisfactory due diligence. The proposed offer price was NOK 95 per share. 
Following this announcement, the Board of Directors of Norwegian Finans Holding considered the offer and 
announced on 9 March that taking all relevant considerations into account, the proposal by Nordax was not viewed to 
be in the best interest of the shareholders of NFH ASA. On 3 May 2021, Nordax Bank AB announced a revised non-
binding indicative offer, of NOK 100 (post paid dividend of NOK 5 per share) per share in cash. On the basis of this 
revised offer and after careful consideration the Board of Directors has resolved to grant Nordax access to a 
confirmatory due diligence process and the parties have entered into an agreement to this effect. On July 14, 2021 
Nordax Bank AB (publ) announced that it had completed due diligence of the Issuer and launched a public voluntary 
cash offer of NOK 105 per share to acquire the entire outstanding share capital in Norwegian Finans Holding, 
subsequently Bank Norwegian following the intragroup reversed merger finalized the week after the announcement. 
The offer is subject to certain requirements and regulatory approval, and a minimum acceptance level of 90 per cent., 
which in no event may be waived by Nordax Bank AB (publ) below 2/3rds of the issued and outstanding share capital 
in the Issuer. The members of the Board appointed by Nordic Capital Fund IX and Sampo Oyj have not participated in 
the Board’s discussions or decisions relating to the Offer or this statement.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
On 4 June 2021, the Board of Directors of Norwegian Finans Holding and of the Issuer approved the merger plan, 
effectively approving the merger to be implemented 21 July 2021 leaving Bank Norwegian the ultimate parent of the 
Bank Norwegian group, with Lilienthal Finance as the only subsidiary, and Norwegian Finans Holding being 
dissolved. The merger was carried out with accounting continuity (group continuity), and accounting and tax effect 
from 1 January 2021, so that Bank Norwegian took over Norwegian Finans Holding’s accounting positions in 
connection with the transferred assets, rights and liabilities. 
 In early August 2021, the Issuer notified its intention to exercise its rights to call on a tier 1 capital loan and 
subordinated loan totalling MNOK 310 in September 2021 without reissuances, with the NFSA’s approval. 
Reference is made to Risk Factors 1-A (Risks relating to the Issuer’s business and operations). 
Board of directors, management and employees 
Introduction and overview 
The following chart sets out the Issuer’s organisational structure:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Overview  
The following table sets forth, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the directors of the Issuer, and the number of 
shares beneficially owned by each director. No share options have been issued.  
 
Name 
Position in Bank 
Norwegian ASA 
Has served 
since 
Term 
expires 
Shares held in Bank 
Norwegian ASA2 
Klaus-Anders Nysteen 
Chairman 
2020 
2022 
5,500 
Christine Rødsæther 
Board member 
2017 
2022 
75,754 
Kjetil Andreas Garstad 
Board member 
2019 
2022 
357,260 
Knut Arne Alsaker 
Board member 
2019 
2022 
0 
                                                          
2 As of 23 June 2021. 
Asset Liability 
Management Committee 
Finance 
Klara-Lise 
Aasen 
IT 
Karstein Holen 
Internal audit 
New  
Markets 
Merete Gillund 
Compliance 
Frode Bjørnstad 
Risk Management 
Kai-Harry Hansen 
Risk (Credit) 
Peer-Timo 
Andersen 
Ulven 
Market 
Fredrik 
Mundal 
Credit Committee 
Board of Directors 
(Risk & Audit Committee) 
CEO 
Klara-Lise Aasen 
(Interim) 
Operations 
Tore Andresen

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
Izabella Kibsgaard-Petersen 
Board member 
2020 
2022 
0 
Hans Torsten Georg Larsson 
Board member 
2020 
2022 
0 
Anita Marie Hjerkinn Aarnæs 
Board member 
2021 
2023 
0 
Charlotte Ager 
Board member* 
2020 
2022 
100 
Jan-Kåre Kalbakk 
Deputy board member* 
2020 
2023 
0 
 
* Elected by the employees 
Description of the members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
The boards of directors consist of the following members: 
 
Klaus-Anders Nysteen, Chairman of the Board 
Born in 1966. Member of the Board of Directors since 2020. 
Principal education: Master of Science in Business Administration, Norwegian School of Economics (NHH). 
Holding of shares: 5,500 
Brief biography: Klaus-Anders Nysteen was until June 2021 CEO of Hoist Finance, since March 2018. He has 
previously worked in, among others, Nordic Capital, Lindorff Group, Entra Eiendom AS and Statoil Fuel & Retail 
ASA and as CEO at Storebrand Bank ASA. He has extensive experience from a number of board positions, among 
others in Webstep ASA and Asset Buyout Partner AS. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Member of the board of Asset Buyout Partner AS. 
 
Christine Rødsæther, Board member 
Born in 1964. Member of the Board of Directors since 2017. 
Principal education: Master of Law, University of the Pacific, Sacramento, California and Cand. Jur., University of 
Bergen. 
Holding of shares: 75,754 
Brief Biography: Christine Rødsæther has since 2002 been a partner in the law firm Simonsen Vogt Wiig AS and has 
extensive experience in banking and finance, contract law as well as shipping and offshore. She has previous 
experience from Wikborg, Rein & Co. and Andersen Legal ANS. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Board member of Odfjell SE and Tide ASA. Member of the Governments 
counsel for maritime development (MARUT). 
 
Knut Arne Alsaker, Board member  
Born in 1973. Member of the Board of Directors since 2019. 
Principal education: Master of Science in Economics and Business Administration from the Norwegian School of 
Economics. 
Holding of shares: None 
Brief Biography: Knut Arne Alsaker has been Group Chief Financial Officer of Sampo Group since 2019 and a 
member of the Issuer Executive Committee since 2014. He previously held various positions in Storebrand ASA 
(1998-2000) and If P&C Insurance Ltd (2000-2018). 
Other on-going principal assignments: Board member of If P&C Insurance Holding Ltd and the vice chairman of the 
board of Mandatum Life Insurance Company Limited. 
 
Hans Larsson, Board member

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
Born in 1961. Member of the Board of Directors since 2020. 
Principal education: Bachelor of Science in Administration and Economics from the University of Uppsala and 
Advanced Management Programme from INSEAD. 
Holding of shares: None 
Brief Biography: Hans Larsson has been a banking professional and advisor for more than 30 years. Hans Larsson is 
experienced in executive management, as well as supervisory board roles, risk management, regulatory and decision 
making within listed as well as privately owned institutions. He has vast international experience primarily from 
Germany, USA, UK and Central/Eastern Europe. He previously held management positions at Skandinaviske Enskilda 
Banken and Lindorff Group. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Hans Larsson is currently and independent advisor to banks, insurance 
companies, private equity funds among others. 
 
Izabella Kibsgaard-Petersen, Board member  
Born in 1968. Member of the Board of Directors since 2020. 
Principal education: Law degree from the University of Oslo and certified international auditor from BI Norwegian 
Business School. 
Holding of shares: None 
Brief Biography: Izabella Kibsgaard-Petersen has more than 15 years of experience in compliance, risk management 
and internal audit. She currently works as SVP Director of compliance at Veidekke ASA. In recent years, Izabella 
Kibsgaard-Petersen has worked with a comprehensive approach to business management and how functions such as 
compliance, risk management and internal auditing can contribute to good governance and control for value creation. 
She previously held positions at the Garantiinstituttet for eksportkreditt, Abbott / AbbVie and KPMG. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Member of the board and board representative in the compliance network of 
IIA Norge. 
 
Kjetil Garstad, Board member  
Born in 1976. Member of the Board of Directors since 2019. 
Principal education: Master of Science in business administration, Norwegian School of Economics. 
Holding of shares: 357,260 
Brief Biography: Kjetil Garstad has been an analyst at Stenshagen Invest AS since 2014. From 2007 to 2013, Garstad 
was an analyst at Arctic Securities AS and before that at Enskilda Securities AB. Between 2001 and 2003, Garstad 
worked in the corporate finance department of UBS in London. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Member of the board of Protector Forsikring and Øgreid AS. Deputy board 
member of B2Holding ASA. 
 
Anita Marie Hjerkinn Aarnæs, Board member 
Born in 1950. Member of the Board of Directors since 2007. 
Principal education: Master of Public Administration, Harvard University 
Holding of shares: None 
Brief Biography: Anita Hjerkinn Aarnæs is an experienced manager with broad international know-how, a 
comprehensive track record in business development, strategic planning and operational performance cross industries. 
Her current position is Managing Partner Scandinavia at The Board Practice. Prior to this she served as the HR 
Director at DNO ASA, as Partner-in Charge at Heidrick & Struggles and TripleA Consulting AS and as management 
consultant at PA Consulting Group for 20 years. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Chairman of the board of TripleA Consulting AS. Member of the nomination 
committee at DNO ASA.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
Charlotte Ager, Board member (elected by the employees) 
Born in 1987. Member of the Board of Directors since 2020. 
Principal education: Master of Law, University of Copenhagen. 
Holding of shares: 100 
Brief Biography: Charlotte Ager has been employed at the Issuer since 2019. She is currently employed as an analyst 
in the department for disputes and financial crime and is a part of the AML team. 
Other on-going principal assignments: None 
 
Jan Kåre Kalbakk, Deputy Board member (elected by the employees) 
Born in 1974. Member of the Board of Directors since 2020. 
Principal education: Næringsakademiet, Oslo. Kontorfag med IT. 
Holding of shares: 0 
Brief Biography: Jan Kåre Kalbakk has been employed at the Issuer since 2007. He is currently employed as an analyst 
in the department for disputes and financial crime and is a part of the VISA Expert Team 
Other on-going principal assignments: None 
 
The senior management of Bank Norwegian 
Overview 
The following table sets forth, as per the date of this Base Prospectus, the senior management of the Issuer and the 
number of shares beneficially owned by each member of the senior management (no options are held): 
 
Name 
Position 
Shares held in Bank 
Norwegian ASA 
Klara-Lise Aasen 
CFO and interim CEO 
10,821 
Tore Andresen 
COO 
1,110,855 
Fredrik Mundal 
CMO 
57,644 
Peer Timo Andersen-Ulven 
CRO 
32,438 
Karstein Holen 
CIO 
7,461 
Kai-Harry Hansen 
Head of Risk Management 
9,239 
Frode Bergland Bjørnstad 
Chief Legal and Compliance Officer 
17,183 
Merete Eikeseth Gillund 
Head of New Markets 
481,008 
 
Description of the Senior Management team 
The Issuer’s senior management consists of the following persons: 
 
Klara-Lise Aasen, interim chief executive officer and chief financial officer 
Born in 1974. Chief Financial Officer and employed since 2020 
Principal education: State authorised Public Accountant (Master of Audit), Norwegian School of Economics, Bergen, 
Norway. 
Holding of shares: 10,821

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
Brief biography: Ms. Aasen has been employed as CFO in Bank Norwegian since October 2020, and she has more 
than 15 years of financial services experience. Prior to joining Bank Norwegian Aasen held position as Executive Vice 
President and Head of Group Financial Management in DNB from (2017-2020) and executive management positions 
in Nordea from 2006-2017, the latest four years as Global Head of Group Credit Risk and Financial Reporting Control 
and the previous four years as CFO for Nordea Bank Norway. Prior to joining financial services she worked in external 
audit, latest as Manager in EY (Ernst & Young). Previous board member in Nordea Life Holding, Nordea Pensionfund, 
DNB Northern Europe and DNB Lifeinsurance. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Member of the Board of Veidekke ASA 
 
Tore Andresen, chief operating officer 
Born in 1965. Chief Operating Officer and employed since June 2009 
Principal education: Associate degree in business administration, Norwegian School of Economics. 
Holding of shares: 1,110,855 
Brief biography: Tore Andresen has been employed as COO in Bank Norwegian since 2009, and has 30 years of 
financial service experience. Prior to joining Bank Norwegian, Mr. Andresen worked as Managing Director at Aktiv 
Kapital Norge (2007-2008) and Managing Director at Lindorff Decision (2001-2006). Mr. Andresen has also 
experience of board assignments, hereunder as board member of Lindorff Match AS (2005-2006), board member of 
Aktiv Kapital Danmark AS (2007-2008) and chairman of the board of Aktiv Kapitaladministrasjon AS (2007-2008). 
Other on-going principal assignments: None 
 
Fredrik Mundal, chief marketing officer 
Born in 1976. Chief Marketing Officer and employed since 2007 
Principal education: Bachelor in Business Administration and IT, University of Agder. 
Holding of shares: 57,644 
Brief biography: Fredrik Mundal has been employed as CMO of Bank Norwegian since end of 2016. He has been with 
the Issuer since 2007 in previous positions as Head of Customer Service and Product Manager of Credit Cards and as 
Head of Credit. He has 15 years of financial services experience. Prior to joining Bank Norwegian, Mr. Mundal was 
employed at SEB Kort Credit Department (2003-2007). 
Other on-going principal assignments: None 
 
Peer Timo Andersen-Ulven, chief risk officer 
Born in 1970. Chief Risk Officer and employed since January 2018 
Principal education: Pre PhD in Quantitative Finance, Norwegian School of Economics (NHH). 
Holding of shares: 32,438 
Brief biography: Peer Timo Andersen-Ulven has been employed as CRO of Bank Norwegian since January 2018 and 
was engaged as the Issuer’s Programme Manager for IFRS 9 implementation since October 2017. He has 22 years of 
financial services experience. Prior to joining Bank Norwegian, Mr. Andersen-Ulven was a Partner at Financial Risk 
Management at KPMG (2016-2017). Earlier assignments include Programme Manager for IRB- A at Santander 
Consumer Finance (2007-2015), Consultant at Capgemini (2004-2007), Capital Adequacy modelling for Fairprice 
(2000-2004), Corporate Finance at Aker Fonds (1999-2000), and Corporate Finance Analyst at Norse Securities (1996-
1999). 
Other on-going principal assignments: None 
 
Karstein Holen, chief information officer 
Born in 1971. Chief Information Officer and employed since March 2020. 
Principal education: Bachelor in Computer Science from Bergen College of Engineering and MBA from Edinburgh 
Business School, Heriot-Watt University.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
Holding of shares: 7,461 
Brief biography: Mr Holen has been employed as Chief Information Officer (CIO) in Bank Norwegian since March 
2020, and has more than 20 years of experience working with IT within financial services and telecom. Prior to joining 
Bank Norwegian, Mr. Holen worked 12 years in various IT positions at Norge Bank Investment Management (NBIM), 
most recently as Head of IT for the Real Estate investment branch in NBIM. Earlier assignments include DBA at 
NetCom (1999-2007) and database developer at EDB-Konsulent AS (1997-1999) and ATM AS (1995-1997). 
Other on-going principal assignments: None 
 
Merete Gillund, Head of New Markets 
Born in 1969. Head of New Markets since 2020. 
Principal education: Master of science in information technology, University of Stavanger. 
Holding of shares: 481,008 
Brief biography: Previoulsy, Gillund was the Chief Information Officer of the Issuer from 2008 to 2020. Mrs Eikeseth 
Gillund has 20 years of experience working with IT within banking/finance, both technical and administrative, within 
credit cards (issuing and acquiring) and retail banking. Prior to joining Bank Norwegian, Mrs. Eikeseth Gillund was 
employed as Department Manager at SEB Kort AB (2004-2008). Earlier assignments include Senior Consultant 
positions in Exense ASA (2003-2004), Scope AS (2001-2003) and Database Consult (1996-2001). 
Other on-going principal assignments: None 
 
Frode Bergland Bjørnstad, chief legal and compliance officer 
Born in 1976. Chief legal and compliance Officer and employed since May 2018. 
Principal education: Cand Jur (master of Law) University of Bergen 
Holding of shares: 17,183 
Brief biography: Bjørnstad has been the Chief legal and compliance officer in Bank Norwegian since May 2018. He 
has 16 years of legal commercial experience within privacy, compliance, financial services, IPR, marketing, 
commercial contracts, IT and tech. Prior to Bank Norwegian, Mr. Bjørnstad was a lawyer and legal counsel in EVRY 
(2011-2018), where he also was a member of the financial control committee for EVRY Card Service’s payment 
service. Earlier assignments include external lawyer in Føyen Torkildsen (2006-2011) and Legal adviser in the 
Norwegian Data Protection Authority - Datatilsynet (2004-2006). 
Other on-going principal assignments: None 
 
Kai-Harry Hansen, head of risk management 
Born in 1981. Head of risk management and employed since August 2019. 
Principal education: Master’s degree in Economics and Business Administration, University of Tromsø (UiT). 
Practical Pedagogical Education (Lecturer), UiT. 
Holding of shares: 9,239 
Brief biography: Mr. Hansen has been employed as Head of Risk Management of Bank Norwegian since August 2019. 
He has more than 10 years of risk experience from the banking sector. Prior to joining Bank Norwegian, Mr. Hansen 
was Risk Manager at SpareBank 1 Østlandet (2017-2019) and SpareBank 1 Oslo Akershus (2010-2017). Earlier 
assignments include working as a Risk Analyst at SpareBank 1 Oslo Akershus (2008-2010) and as a Corporate Trainee 
at SpareBank 1 Gruppen (2006-2008). Mr. Hansen has also been teaching Martial Arts (Aikido and Kenjutsu) regularly 
since 2001, and economics at high school as part of his Practical Pedagogical education (2003-2004). 
Other on-going principal assignments: None 
 
Each member of the board and senior management may be contacted at the registered business address of Bank 
Norwegian, Snarøyveien 36 1364 Fornebu, Bærum, Norway.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
Other directorships and management positions 
Over the five years preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the board of directors and the senior 
management hold or have held the following directorships and/or partnerships (apart from in the Issuer):

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
 
Directors of the Board 
Current directorships and senior 
management positions 
Previous directorships and senior 
management positions last five years 
Klaus Anders Nysteen 
Board member Webstep ASA (until 
AGM 2020) and Asset Buyout Partner AS 
Worked in, among others, Nordic 
Capital, Lindorff Group, Entra Eiendom 
AS and Statoil Fuel & Retail ASA. CEO 
at Storebrand Bank ASA. A number of 
board 
positions, 
among 
others 
in 
Webstep ASA and Asset Buyout Partner 
AS. 
Christine Rødsæther 
Partner at Simonsen Vogt-Wiig. Board 
member Odjfell SE. 
None 
Kjetil Garstad 
Board member Protector Forsiking ASA, 
Øgreid AS, Gaming Innovation Group, 
Vininor and Steel City. 
Board member B2 Holding ASA 
Izabella Kibsgaard-Petersen 
Compliance Director, Veidekke ASA. 
Board member IIA Norge (until June 
2020). Board representative in 
compliance network, IIA Norge (until 
June 2020). Board member Majorstuveien 
28. 
Head of corporate governance and 
compliance, GIEK.  
Knut Arne Alsaker 
CFO Sampo Group Oy. Board member If 
P&C Insurance Holding Ltd. Deputy 
Chairman of the Board Mandatum Life 
Insurance Company Ltd. 
None 
Hans Larsson 
Founder and CEO of Linderyd Advisory 
AB. Chairman of the board in Intrum 
Justitia AB, Nordnet AB, Nordnet Bank 
AB and Swedish Export Credit 
Corporation.  
None 
Anita Marie Hjerkinn Aarnes 
Managing Partner Scandinavia at The 
Board Practice. 
HR Director at DNO ASA, Partner-in 
Charge at Heidrick & Struggles and 
TripleA Consulting AS, management 
consultant at PA Consulting Group for 20 
years. 
Charlotte Ager 
None 
None 
Jan-Kåre Kalbakk 
None 
None 
 
Management: 
Current directorships/partnerships 
Previous directorships/partnerships 
past five years 
Klara-Lise Aasen 
Board member of Veidekke ASA 
 Board member of DNB Livsforsikring 
ASA and Nordea Life Holding 
Merete Eikeseth Gillund 
None 
None 
Tore Andresen 
None 
None 
Fredrik Mundal 
None 
None 
Peer Timo Andersen-Ulven 
None 
Partner at KPMG, CFO Higher Ed AS, 
Managing Director Atlas Shrugged 
Advisory AS 
Karstein Holen 
None 
None

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
Frode Bergland Bjørnstad 
None 
None 
Kai-Harry Hansen 
None 
None 
The Nomination Committee 
The Issuer has a nomination committee consisting of three members elected by the Annual General Meetings for a 
two-year term. 
The Nomination Committee currently consists of Knut Gillesen (chair), Beret Sundet and Robert Furuhjelp, and all the 
members of the Nomination Committee are independent of the boards of directors and the day-to-day management. 
The Nomination Committee’s duties are (i) to propose to the general meeting candidates for election to the Issuer’s 
board of directors, and (ii) to propose remuneration to the members of the board of the Issuer. 
Conflict of interests 
Norwegian Air Shuttle has entered into certain agreements with the Issuer, such as the Reward Agreement and the 
Norwegian Air Shuttle Agency Agreements. Further, Norwegian Air Shuttle is the parent company of Norwegian 
Brand Limited (NAB) who is a party to the License Agreement with the Issuer. 
There are no other conflicts of interest between any commitments to the Issuer by any members of the board of 
directors or senior management and their private interests and other duties. 
Convictions for fraudulent offences, bankruptcy, etc. 
None of the members of the Issuer’s board of director or management have during the last five years preceding the date 
of this Base Prospectus: 
• 
any convictions in relation to indictable offences or convictions in relation to fraudulent offences; 
• 
received any official public incrimination and/or sanctions by any statutory or regulatory authorities 
(including designated professional bodies) or ever been disqualified by a court from acting as a member of the 
administrative, management or supervisory bodies of a company or from acting in the management or conduct 
of the affairs of any company; or 
• 
been declared bankrupt or been associated with any bankruptcy, receivership or liquidation in his capacity as a 
founder, director or senior manager of a company. 
Remuneration and benefits 
Remuneration of the board of directors 
The remuneration of the members of the board of directors of the Issuer is determined on a yearly basis by the Issuer’s 
annual general meeting. 
The members of the Issuer’s board of directors may also be reimbursed for, inter alia, travelling, hotel and other 
expenses incurred by them in attending meetings of the directors or in connection with the business of the Issuer. 
A member of the Issuer’s board of directors who is given a special assignment in relation to the Issuer’s business, other 
than in his or her capacity as such, and which furthermore is not within the normal duties as a board member, may be 
paid such extra remuneration for such work as Bank Norwegian’s board of directors may determine. 
Board compensation for each of the years 2020 and 2019 (pre-merger) was as follows: 
 
Board of directors of Bank Norwegian ASA 
 
(Amounts in NOK 1000) 
2020 
2019 
Bjørn Østbø 
 500  
 600  
John Høsteland 
 500  
 625  
Bjørn H. Kise 
 100  
 50  
Anita Marie Hjerkinn Aarnæs 
 250  
 325  
Christine Rødsæther 
 250  
 325  
Gunn Isabel Westerlund Ingemundsen 
 250  
 250

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
Lars Ola Kjos 
 250  
 325  
Rolv-Erik Spilling 
 125  
 300  
Ninett R. Olsen 
 -  
 15  
Anders Gullestad 
 50  
 50  
Kjetil Garstad 
 250  
 -  
Knut Arne Alsaker 
 175  
 -

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
Remuneration of the management 
Overview and description: the total compensation to the members of the senior management shall be annually 
approved by the board of directors and may consist of a base salary, variable compensation, pension and insurance 
schemes, fringe benefits and severance pay. 
The variable compensation consists of individual grants of shares in the Issuer compliant with regulations regarding 
compensation schemes in financial institutions. The Issuer’s remuneration programme has been in existence since 2010 
and the terms of the remuneration programme (performance metrics and profit allocation) are reviewed, amended and 
extended every three years. The following additional parameters apply for the variable compensation: 
• 
variable compensation is based upon a combination of risk-adjusted return on equity for the Issuer and non-
financial metrics for the executive and the unit; 
• 
annual share allocation amounts to a maximum of 2.25 per cent. of annual risk-adjusted net income after tax; 
• 
executives are granted right of disposal of the shares three years after each grant; includes up to 1 million 
shares for the entire three-year period. 
At the grant of shares, there will be entered into agreements with the relevant employees, such agreements to be in 
accordance with general market conditions. 
The members of the senior management are included in the regular pension and insurance scheme for all employees. 
Pension and insurance schemes consist of a defined contribution pension and personal insurance. The CEO has the 
same pension plan as the other employees, except that the age limit for that office has been set at 65 years and, as a 
consequence, the Issuer shall pay 70 per cent. of the last annual salary from the age of 65 to 67 (inclusive). 
The management team may, as part of their total compensation, be awarded other benefits than base salary in 
accordance with market conditions. These benefits are defined as company car, home office, free telephone, mobile 
phone and newspapers/magazines. 
Compensation paid to the members of the senior management in 2020 
Management compensation for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 was as follows: 
 
 
Amounts in NOK 000 
Salary
Bonus
Benefits
Pension 
costs 
Severance
pay
Total
Number of
Shares awarded
in 2020
Tine Wollebekk, CEO (former) 
 3,753 
 1,529 
 114
 124 
-
 5,520 
12,456
Pål Svenkerud, CFO (1.1-30.9) 
 1,886 
 857
 92
 124 
-
 2,959 
0
Fredrik Mundal, CMO 
 1,838 
 680
 65
 124 
-
 2,708 
5,232
Tore Andresen, COO 
 2,530 
 867
 82
 124 
-
 3,604 
7,670
Merete Gillund, CIO (1.1-29.2), New 
markets (1.11-31.12) 
 1,254 
 -
 31
 52 
-
 1,336 
1,726
Peer Timo Andersen-Ulven, CRO 
 2,027 
 739
 74
 124 
-
 2,964 
6,831
Frode Bergland Bjørnstad, CCO 
 1,523 
 197
 10
 124 
-
 1,854 
6,242
Karstein Holen, CIO (1.3-31.12) 
 1,409 
 -
 44
 104 
-
 1,557 
5,861
Klara-Lise Aasen, CFO (1.10-31.12) 
 775
 -
 2
 31 
-
 808
8,821
Total 
 16,995
 4,869 
 514
 931 
 23,310
54,839

--- Page 116 ---
Pension obligations and option schemes 
All the employees are covered by the Issuer’s defined contribution pension scheme offered by Storebrand. The 
pension costs are accounted for on a monthly basis and paid to Storebrand. No provisions for pension liabilities 
are made in the accounts. The Bank has no pension or retirement benefits for members of the boards. 
The Issuer has no option scheme for employees or members of the board. 
Loans and guarantees 
No loans have been given by the Issuer to, or guarantees given on the behalf of, any members of the 
management, the boards or other elected corporate bodies. 
Employees 
All the employees of the Issuer are employed only by the Issuer. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Issuer has 113 employees, all based at the Issuer’s office at Snarøyveien 36 at Fornebu in Norway. In addition, 
the Issuer 14 hired consultants on long term contracts. 
Details of the key management personnel are described in “The senior management of Bank Norwegian” above. 
In addition to the senior management team of nine people, a staff of fourteen covers finance and accounting, the 
market department has thirty-one employees, seven people comprise the risk department, twelve people are 
responsible for IT services and the remaining fifty four cover general operations. 
The table below illustrates the development in number of employees over the last years for the Issuer, as per the 
end of each calendar year 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017 and 2016: 
 
Year 
As of date 
Total
2020 
31 December 
100
2019 
31 December 
85
2018 
31 December 
78
2017 
31 December 
72
2016 
31 December 
69

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
Book entry settlement in respect of VPS Notes 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Euronext VPS currently in effect. The information in this section concerning Euronext VPS has 
been obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but neither the Issuer nor any Dealer takes 
any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of Euronext VPS are advised 
to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of Euronext VPS. Neither the 
Issuer nor any other party to the VPS Trustee Agreement, VPS Agency Agreement or the Agency Agreement will 
have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, 
beneficial ownership interests in the VPS Notes held through the facilities of Euronext VPS or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
VERDIPAPIRSENTRALEN (EURONEXT VPS)  
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Dublin) is a Norwegian public limited liability company which is 
licensed to register financial instruments in Norway in accordance with the Act of 5 July 2002 no. 64 on the 
Registration of Financial Instruments (the VPS Act).  
From 1 January 2020, the VPS Act has been repealed and replaced by the CSD Act, which implements 
Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 into Norwegian law. However, transitional rules have been passed to allow 
Euronext VPS to operate under the old rules in the VPS Act until such time when Euronext VPS has been 
authorised as a CSD under the CSD Act/CSDR. The VPS Act requires that, among other things, all notes and 
bonds issued in Norway shall be registered in Euronext VPS (the VPS Securities), except notes and bonds (i) 
issued by Norwegian issuers outside Norway and (A) denominated in Norwegian Kroner with subscription 
limited to non-Norwegian tax residents only or (B) denominated in a currency other than Norwegian kroner, or 
(ii) issued by foreign issuers in a currency other than Norwegian kroner. 
Euronext VPS is a paperless securities registry and registration of ownership, transfer and other rights to 
financial instruments are evidenced by book entries in the registry. Any issuer of VPS Securities will be 
required to have an account (issuer’s account) where all the VPS Securities are registered in the name of the 
holder and each investor is required to have her/his own account (investor’s account) showing such person’s 
holding of VPS Securities at any time. Both the issuer and the investor will, for the purposes of registration in 
Euronext VPS, have to appoint an account operator which will normally be a Norwegian bank or Norwegian 
investment firm. 
It is possible for investors to register a holding of VPS Securities through a nominee approved by the NFSA.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
Taxation 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the Issuer’s 
country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the Notes. 
NORWAY  
The following is a general description of certain Norwegian tax considerations relating to the Notes. It 
does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes. Prospective 
purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under the tax laws of the 
country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of Norway of acquiring, holding and 
disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes. 
This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any 
change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Taxation on Interest 
Interest paid to a non-resident holder of Notes will not be subject to Norwegian income tax. Such holder of 
Notes may, however, be subject to taxation if the holding of Notes is effectively connected with a business 
carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway. Such tax liability may be modified 
through an applicable tax treaty. 
Effective from 1 July 2021, Norway has introduced withholding tax rules for certain interest payments from 
Norway. A Norwegian debtor will be liable to withhold 15 per cent. tax on gross interest payments to any 
creditor who is both (i) a related party to the issuer and (ii) is tax resident in a low-tax jurisdiction. A “related 
party” is a company or other legal entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the 
issuer. “Control” means the direct or indirect ownership of 50 per cent. or more of the issued share capital or 
voting rights. Further, a “low-tax jurisdiction” is a jurisdiction in which the effective taxation of the overall 
profit of the company is less than two thirds of the effective taxation such company would have been subject to 
if it had been resident in Norway. 
Taxation of Capital Gains 
A non-resident holder of Notes is not taxed in Norway on gains derived from the sale, disposal or redemption of 
the Notes. Such holder of Notes may, however, be subject to taxation if the holding of Notes is effectively 
connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway. Such tax 
liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Wealth Tax 
Norway does not levy any property tax or similar taxes on the Notes. 
An individual non-resident holder of Notes is not subject to wealth tax, unless the holding of Notes is effectively 
connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway. Such tax 
liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Transfer Tax 
There is currently no Norwegian transfer tax on the transfer of Notes. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. 
The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions, including Norway, 
have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally 
not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the 
application of FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholdings 
would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the 
Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA, 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to 
the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that 
is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published 
generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such 
date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes – Further Issues” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
VPS Notes – Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents 
may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply 
to their investment in Notes. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (FTT)  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions referred 
to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
Subscription and Sale 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 19 August 2021, 
agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. 
Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes other than VPS Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, 
the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment 
and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the 
Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. The arrangements under which 
Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in the 
Programme Agreement. Any such agreement will inter alia make provision for the form and terms and 
conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. 
The Programme Agreement makes provision for the resignation or renewal of existing Dealers and the 
appointment of additional Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Tranche of Notes. 
UNITED STATES 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or 
other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes (other than VPS Notes) are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. In the case of Notes 
other than VPS Notes, the applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules 
apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision, the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
UNITED KINGDOM 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes 
of this provision, the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Each Dealer has also represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or as agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
JAPAN 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
NORWAY 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that the Base 
Prospectus has been filed with the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway, it has not, directly or indirectly, 
offered or sold and will not directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Norway or to residents of Norway, 
other than: 
(a) 
in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for a 
total consideration of not less than €100,000 per investor; or 
(b) 
to “professional investors” as defined in Section 7-1 cf. Sections 10-2 to 10-5 in the Norwegian 
Securities Regulation of 29 June 2007 no. 876; or 
(c) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than “professional investors”) as defined in Section 7-
1 in the Norwegian Securities Regulation of 29 June 2007 no. 876), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers for any such offer; or

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
(d) 
in any other circumstances provided that no such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for the 
registration, or the publication by the Issuer or the Dealer or Dealers of a prospectus pursuant to the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007. 
The Notes shall be registered with Euronext VPS in dematerialised form or in another central securities 
depository which is properly authorised and recognised by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway as 
being entitled to register the Notes pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 909/2014, unless (i) the Notes are 
denominated in NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway to non-Norwegian tax residents only, or (ii) the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway. See also the selling 
restriction “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” above. 
GENERAL 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer or the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
General Information 
AUTHORISATION 
The update of the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of Bank Norwegian 
ASA dated 22 March 2018. 
LISTING OF NOTES 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue 
of a Global Note or Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin 
and to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. Application has also been made to the Oslo Børs 
ASA for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange’s Regulated 
Market. Each of the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and the Oslo Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market is 
a regulated market in the EEA for the purposes of MiFID II. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
from 
https://www.banknorwegian.no/OmOss/InvestorRelations/Prospectus:  
(a) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Coupons, the Talons, the VPS Trustee Agreement and the VPS Agency 
Agreement; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
any future Base Prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Any English translation referred to in (a) above constitutes an accurate and direct translation of the Norwegian 
original. 
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The Notes have been accepted for settlement through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to settle through an additional or 
alternative clearing system (including Euronext VPS) the appropriate information will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euronext VPS are the entities in charge of 
keeping the records. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1 855 
Luxembourg. The address of Euronext VPS is Fred. Olsens gate 1, 0152 Oslo, Norway. 
CONDITIONS FOR DETERMINING PRICE 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
YIELD 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the 
relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the 
Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
SIGNIFICANT OR MATERIAL CHANGE 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer since 30 
June 2021 and no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
LITIGATION 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may 
have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer.  
AUDITORS 
For the Issuer’s financial years ended 31 December 2019, PricewaterhouseCoopers AS (PwC) was appointed as 
the independent auditor of the Issuer. PwC is a member of The Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Den 
Norske Revisorforening).  
The Issuer rotated its auditor following completion of its annual audits for the financial year ended 31 December 
2019. Accordingly, the Issuer appointed Deloitte AS (Deloitte) as its independent auditor effective as of 29 
April 2020. Deloitte is a member of The Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Den Norske 
Revisorforening). 
PwC audited the Annual Report 2019 in accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practices 
generally accepted in Norway, including International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). The independent auditor’s 
report of the Annual Report 2019 has been issued without qualifications.  
Deloitte audited the Annual Report 2020 in accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and 
practices generally accepted in Norway, including ISAs. The independent auditor’s report of the Annual Report 
2020 has been issued without qualifications. 
The Half Year Report 2021 and the Quarterly Report 2021 incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus 
have been subject to an auditor review of interim financial statements by Deloitte in accordance with IAS 34. 
DEALERS TRANSACTING WITH THE ISSUER 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. 
LANGUAGE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
URLs 
References to websites or uniform resource locators (URLs) are inactive textual references and are included for 
information purposes only. Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the contents of any such website or URL shall not 
form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with 
the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes issued under the Programme to the Official List 
or trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
 
 
Bank Norwegian ASA 
 
 
Snarøyveien 36 
 
 
1364 Fornebu 
 
 
Norway 
 
 
 
 
 
AGENT 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch 
 
 
Winchester House 
 
 
1 Great Winchester Street 
 
 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
 
VPS AGENT 
 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
 
 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
 
 
0191 Oslo 
 
 
Norway 
 
 
 
 
 
VPS TRUSTEE 
 
 
Nordic Trustee AS 
 
 
Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1 
 
 
0160 Oslo 
 
 
Norway 
 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer as to Norwegian law 
 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS 
 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Tjuvholmen Allé 16 
 
One Bishops Square 
NO-0252 Oslo 
Norway 
 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
AUDITORS 
 
Current independent auditors to the Issuer 
Previous independent auditors to the Issuer 
Deloitte AS 
Dronning Eufemias gate 14 
0191 Oslo 
Norway 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS 
Dronning Eufemias gate 8 
PwC-bygget, Bjørvika 
0106 Oslo 
Norway

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
 
DEALERS  
 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK – 1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
N-0021 Oslo 
Norway 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
Helsinki 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Finland 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
SE-106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George's Dock, IFSC, 
Dublin 1, D01 W3P9 
Ireland 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Printed by Allen & Overy LLP 
UKO2: 2002807188.16