--- Page 1 ---
10215846983-v90 
- i - 
70-41023232 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
BANK OF VALLETTA P.L.C. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Malta)   
€500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
___________________________________ 
Under this €500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), the Bank of Valletta p.l.c. 
(the "Issuer") may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealers (as defined below).  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves 
this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
EU Prospectus Regulation.  Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an 
endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of the Base Prospectus. Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The Notes may be Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes (each as defined herein), 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Application will be made for Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be 
admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin").  The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for twelve months from 
its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (the "EEA"). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is rated by Standard and Poor's Global Ratings Europe Limited 
("S&P") and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") as described under "Description of the Issuer" below. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each of Fitch and S&P is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, on credit 
rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation"). Each of Fitch and S&P appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of 24 March 2022) on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu. The 
rating each of Fitch and S&P has given to the Issuer is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Limited and S&P Global Ratings 
UK Limited, respectively, each of which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 2 ---
10215846983-v90 
- ii - 
70-41023232 
 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  The principal risk factors that may affect 
the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" 
below. 
Joint Arrangers 
CREDIT SUISSE 
 
UBS INVESTMENT BANK 
Dealers 
CREDIT SUISSE 
 
UBS INVESTMENT BANK 
15 September  2022

--- Page 3 ---
10215846983-v90 
- iii - 
70-41023232 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
Bank of Valletta p.l.c. (the "Issuer") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and any Final Terms and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is, in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the 
"Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described 
under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. Copies of Final Terms in relation to the listing on the 
Official List and admittance to trading in Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
 
All references herein to "Final Terms" shall, unless the context requires otherwise, be deemed to be references to 
the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
The Notes  
Notes may only be issued under the Programme which have a denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency at the date of issue). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively, the "Bearer Notes" and the "Registered Notes"), 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, must 
be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in 
the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified 
in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.  
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base Prospectus 
contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) 
material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material 
respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not 
misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to 
make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering 
and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to 
verify the foregoing. 
The Issuer confirms that any information from third party sources has been accurately reproduced and that, so far 
as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party source, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have independently verified the information contained 
herein. Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, or accepts 
any responsibility or liability as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in 
this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or any

--- Page 4 ---
10215846983-v90 
- iv - 
70-41023232 
 
responsibility for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in 
connection with the issue and offering of the Notes.  No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme.  
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, 
in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true 
subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to 
review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in 
Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions.  For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and 
Sale". 
In particular, the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 
(as amended) (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of 
the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  The Notes may not be 
offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes.  Each recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the 
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Product Governance under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Joint 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID 
Product Governance Rules.  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Joint Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 5 ---
10215846983-v90 
- v - 
70-41023232 
 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the EEA.  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS –The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. 
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU 
Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under the EU 
Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not 
intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act 
Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"). The Issuer 
will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each 
issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 
309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Suitability of investment in the Notes 
The Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased by investors as a way to 
enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. Each potential 
investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In 
particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risk of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 6 ---
10215846983-v90 
- vi - 
70-41023232 
 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which 
such investor's financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes, be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets and be familiar with the resolution regime applicable to the Issuer and the 
Group, including the possibility that the Notes may become subject to write-down or conversion if the 
resolution powers are exercised; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and 
to what extent: (i) Notes are legal investments for it; (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing; and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any 
applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Forward-looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference certain statements that constitute forward-looking 
statements. The words "anticipate", "believe", "expect", "plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", 
"seek", "will", "would", "may", "could", "continue" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-
looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Base Prospectus and/or 
in the information incorporated by reference, including, without limitation, those regarding the financial position, 
business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations of the Issuer are forward-looking 
statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, 
which may cause the Issuer's actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially 
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements 
are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer's present and future business strategies and the 
environment in which it expects to operate in the future. Important factors that could cause the Issuer's actual 
results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, 
among other factors described in this Base Prospectus:  
• 
the Issuer's ability to maintain sufficient liquidity and access to capital markets; 
• 
market and interest rate fluctuations; 
• 
the strength of global economy in general and the strength of the Maltese economy; 
• 
adverse rating actions by credit rating agencies; 
• 
the ability of counterparties to meet their obligations to the Issuer or the Group; 
• 
the effects of, and changes in, fiscal, monetary, trade and tax policies, and currency fluctuations; 
• 
operational factors, such as systems failure, human error, or the failure to implement procedures properly; 
• 
changes in the competitive environment in which the Issuer and its customers operate; 
• 
actions taken by regulators with respect to the Issuer's business and practices; and 
• 
the adverse resolution of litigation and other contingencies,  
and the Issuer's success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing. Additional factors that could cause actual 
results, performance or achievements to differ materially include those discussed under "Risk Factors – Risks 
Relating to the Issuer". Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Issuer speak only as at the

--- Page 7 ---
10215846983-v90 
- vii - 
70-41023232 
 
date they are made. Except as otherwise required by applicable securities law and regulations and/or by any 
applicable stock exchange regulations, the Issuer does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to 
reflect any changes in their expectations with regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances 
on which any such statement is based. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty 
because they relate to future events and circumstances and risks exist that predictions, forecasts, projections and 
other outcomes described or implied in forward-looking statements will not be achieved. Given the uncertainty 
inherent in forward-looking statements, prospective investors should not place reliance on such statements. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€500,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into euro at the 
date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Programme 
Agreement).  The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding under the Programme 
may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Programme 
Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member 
State of the European Economic Area, references to "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start 
of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation 
(EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended and references to the "Group" are to 
the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole.  
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) applicable to the 
Issuer or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation.  In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level 
higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later

--- Page 8 ---
10215846983-v90 
- viii - 
70-41023232 
 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date 
of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
10215846983-v90 
 
70-41023232 
 
CONTENTS 
 
 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW ................................................................................................................................................ 1 
RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................................................... 8 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 37 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................ 38 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ......................................................................................................................... 39 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 45 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ....................................................................................................................... 88 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............. 101 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .......................................................................................................... 103 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER ........................................ 136 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 143 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 146 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 151

--- Page 10 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 1 - 
70-41023232 
 
OVERVIEW 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form 
other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed Notes only and 
if appropriate, a new prospectus will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
The Issuer: 
Bank of Valletta p.l.c. 
Joint Arrangers: 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. and UBS Europe SE 
Dealers: 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A., UBS Europe SE and any other 
Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme Agreement 
Fiscal Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Registrar: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in the Notes involves risks.  See "Risk Factors" below.  
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale"). 
Programme Size:  
Up to €500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. 
The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Issuance in Series:  
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series 
will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and 
the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect 
of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will also be subject 
to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise 
Notes of different denominations. 
Final Terms and Drawdown 
Prospectuses: 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out in the 
Conditions (i) as completed by the relevant Final Terms or (ii) as 
supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
Distribution:  
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Status of the Notes:  
The Notes may be Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Tier 2 Notes, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Status of Senior Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Preferred Notes of each Series (and the Coupons relating 
thereto, if any) will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and, in the 
event of the winding-up of the Issuer, claims in respect of any Senior 
Preferred Notes (and any Coupons) will rank pari passu with all

--- Page 11 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 2 - 
70-41023232 
 
other present and future Ordinary Unsecured Claims, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law. 
Claims in respect of any Senior Preferred Notes (and any Coupons) 
will constitute Ordinary Unsecured Claims under the Ranking 
Legislation.  
Status of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes: 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be issued on terms such that 
they have an original contractual maturity of at least one year. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes of each Series (and the Coupons 
relating thereto, if any) will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, which will 
at all times rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves.  
Claims in respect of any Senior Non-Preferred Notes (and any 
Coupons) will constitute Secondary Unsecured Claims under the 
Ranking Legislation. 
Accordingly, subject to the Ranking Legislation, claims in respect of 
the principal and interest in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and any related Coupons will, in the event of the winding-up 
of the Issuer, rank as Secondary Unsecured Claims pursuant to the 
Ranking Legislation and, therefore, rank: 
(a) 
junior in right of payment to all Preferred Claims and all 
Ordinary Unsecured Claims; 
(b) 
pari passu with all other Secondary Unsecured Claims 
(including claims in respect of other Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes); and 
(c) 
in priority to all Subordinated Claims (including claims in 
respect of Tier 2 Instruments, Additional Tier 1 Instruments, 
Common Equity Tier 1 Instruments). 
Status of Tier 2 Notes: 
The Tier 2 Notes of each Series (and the Coupons relating thereto, if 
any) will constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, which will at all times rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves.  
Claims in respect of any Tier 2 Notes (and any Coupons) will, so 
long as such Tier 2 Notes qualify (in whole or in part) as Tier 2 
Instruments, constitute Tier 2 Claims under the Ranking Legislation. 
Accordingly, subject to the Ranking Legislation, the claims in 
respect of the principal and interest in respect of the Tier 2 Notes and 
any related Coupons will, in the event of the winding-up of the Issuer 
and provided such Tier 2 Notes qualify (in whole or in part) as Tier 
2 Instruments: 
(a) 
be subordinated in right of payment in the manner provided 
in the Ranking Legislation to (i) all Preferred Claims, (ii) all 
Ordinary Unsecured Claims, (iii) all Secondary Unsecured 
Claims and (iv) all Senior Subordinated Claims; 
(b) 
rank pari passu with all other Tier 2 Claims (including 
claims in respect of other Tier 2 Notes that qualify (in whole 
or in part) as Tier 2 Instruments); and

--- Page 12 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 3 - 
70-41023232 
 
(c) 
rank in priority to (1) the claims in respect of all Additional 
Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer and (2) the claims in respect 
of all Common Equity Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer. 
If any Tier 2 Notes fully cease to qualify as Tier 2 Instruments, the 
claims in respect of such Tier 2 Notes and any related Coupons will, 
in the event of the winding-up of the Issuer, rank pari passu with all 
Senior Subordinated Claims, subject to the Ranking Legislation. 
No set-off: 
Claims in respect of any Notes or related Coupons (if any) may not 
be set-off, netted or be the subject of a counterclaim by the Holder 
against or in respect of any of its obligations to the Issuer or any other 
person and every Holder waives any right that it might otherwise 
have to set-off, netting or counterclaim.   
Form: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Denomination of Notes:  
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, save that no Notes may be issued under the 
Programme which have a denomination of less than Euro 100,000 
(or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency at the date of issue).  
Currencies:  
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to any applicable 
legal or regulatory restrictions. 
Maturities:  
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to a minimum maturity of one 
year and such other minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price:  
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount 
to, or premium over, par. 
Interest:  
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or a combination 
thereof and the method of calculating interest may vary between the 
issue date and the maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes:  
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Reset Notes: 
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at the 
initial fixed rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more 
date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms by reference to a mid-
market swap rate for the relevant Specified Currency for a period 
equal to the reset period and any applicable margin, in each case as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Such interest will be 
payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or determined pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes:  
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency

--- Page 13 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 4 - 
70-41023232 
 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
or the latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and 
any successor thereto), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, each as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its 
website (https://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Benchmark Replacement: 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes, if a Benchmark 
Event occurs in relation to the relevant reference rate, the Issuer shall 
use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, 
in either case, an Adjustment Spread (if any), and any Benchmark 
Amendments, as further set out in Condition 7(m) (Floating Rate 
Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement – Benchmark 
Replacement). 
Zero Coupon Notes:  
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Optional Redemption:  
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
in specified circumstances) or that such Notes will be redeemable, 
subject to certain conditions, at the option of the Issuer upon giving 
notice to the Noteholders, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Early Redemption for Tax Reasons, 
due to an MREL Disqualification 
Event or Capital Disqualification 
Event, as applicable: 
Subject to certain conditions, Notes will also be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer prior to maturity (i) upon the occurrence of a Tax 
Event, (ii) in the case of any Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification 
Event or (iii) in the case of any Tier 2 Notes, upon the occurrence of 
a Capital Disqualification Event. 
Substitution and Variation:   
Subject to certain conditions, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event,  
an MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of any Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or a Capital Disqualification 
Event (in the case of any Tier 2 Notes), or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Agreement and 
Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power), the 
Issuer may in its sole and absolute discretion, at any time (without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders), either 
substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Series of Notes for,

--- Page 14 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 5 - 
70-41023232 
 
or vary the terms of the Notes of such Series so that, in either case, 
they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Preferred 
Notes, Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Qualifying Tier 2 
Notes, respectively, and in either case may change the governing law 
of Condition 23 (Governing law and Jurisdiction) from English law 
to Maltese law. 
Conditions to redemption, purchase, 
substitution and variation: 
Any redemption, purchase, substitution or variation of the Notes will 
be subject to certain conditions, including the permission of the 
Relevant Authority, as further set out in Condition 10(k) (Conditions 
to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation).  
Limited Remedies: 
The sole remedy against the Issuer available for recovery of amounts 
owing in respect of any non-payment of any amount that has become 
due and payable under the Notes is, subject to certain conditions, for 
the relevant Noteholder to institute proceedings in the Republic of 
Malta (or such other jurisdiction in which the Issuer may be 
organised) (but not elsewhere) for the winding-up of the Issuer 
and/or prove in the winding-up of the Issuer.  
Cross-default: 
None. 
Taxation:  
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by the Republic of 
Malta unless such deduction is required by law as provided in 
Condition 13 (Taxation). In the event that any such deduction is 
made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided 
in Condition 13 (Taxation), be required to pay additional amounts in 
respect of interest (but not principal) as would result in receipt by a 
Noteholder or Couponholder of such amounts as would have been 
received had no such deduction been required. 
Negative Pledge:  
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge.  
Agreement with respect to the 
exercise of the Bail-in Power: 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes 
or any other agreements, arrangements or understanding between the 
Issuer and any Noteholder, by its acquisition of the Notes, each 
Noteholder will acknowledge and accept that any liability arising 
under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Bail-in Powers by 
the Resolution Authority and will acknowledge, accept, consent to 
and agree to be bound by the effects and consequences thereof, as set 
out in Condition 24 (Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect 
to the Exercise of Bail-in Power). 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application will be made for Notes issued under the Programme 
within twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the Official 
List and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin.   
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which 
are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Rating: 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or 
unrated, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where a Tranche 
of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating(s) applicable to the Issuer or the rating(s) assigned to Notes 
already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable 
rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject

--- Page 15 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 6 - 
70-41023232 
 
to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant 
Tranche of Notes will be (i) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation; 
(ii) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the 
EEA but will be endorsed by a credit rating agency which is 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation; 
or (iii) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the 
EEA but which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation, will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. In addition, whether or not 
each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of 
Notes will be (i) issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation; (ii) issued by a 
credit rating agency which is not established in the UK but will be 
endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation; or (iii) issued by a 
credit rating agency which is not established in the UK but which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation, will also be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the 
Programme Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection therewith, will be governed by English law; 
except that Condition 4 (Status), Condition 24 (Agreement and 
Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power) and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
therewith will be governed by Maltese law. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in certain 
jurisdictions, see "Subscription and Sale". 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D / TEFRA not applicable, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Use of proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used to further 
strengthen the MREL and/or capital base of the Group, as the case 
may be, which will allow the Issuer to increase its lending book and 
expand the investment horizon of its proprietary investments, and for 
the general financing purposes of the Group. If, in respect of any

--- Page 16 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 7 - 
70-41023232 
 
particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this 
will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 17 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 8 - 
70-41023232 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors 
should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer and 
the industry in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, 
in particular the risk factors described below.  Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the 
Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that either currently deems immaterial, may individually or 
cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial 
position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could 
lose all or part of their investment.  Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is 
suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
Risks Relating to the Issuer 
1. 
Risks relating to the Issuer's business 
Risks relating to the economy, general business conditions and the socio-political environment in which the 
Group operates 
Before the COVID-19 outbreak, the Maltese economy was experiencing a strong performance, characterised by 
healthy economic growth (2015-2019: 7.2 per cent. average per annum) and low unemployment levels (December 
2019: 3.6 per cent). - (National Statistics Office ("NSO") – Gross Domestic Product, various releases). The 
COVID-19 pandemic had an acute impact on critical sectors of Malta's economy, including tourism and external 
trade, leading to an unprecedented contraction in the country's Gross Domestic Product ("GDP") (2020: -8.3 per 
cent.) - (NSO release - 037/2022 dated 1 March 2022).  The financial and fiscal measures provided by the Maltese 
government and local banks have helped support local businesses and households.  As a result, unemployment 
remained stable (June 2022: 3.0 per cent.) – (NSO release - 131/2022 dated 28 July 2022) and loan impairment 
did not increase substantially, when compared to the contraction in GDP. The debt-to-GDP ratio was just over 40 
per cent. in 2019; however, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in a decrease in tax revenues and increased spending 
for the government, leading to a surge in the ratio close to 60 per cent. in 2021 (Eurostat). 
The decision by the Financial Action Task Force ("FATF") to place Malta on a grey list in June 2021 did not have 
an evident and immediate impact on the Issuer. Reputational damage ensuing from the twelve-month period of 
Malta's grey listing status was contained. For further information, see paragraph "Description of the Issuer – 
Malta's grey listing" below. 
Any actual or perceived deterioration in the economy could adversely affect the financial performance and 
financial condition of the Group. Challenging economic and socio-political conditions and shocks to the economy, 
such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could reduce demand for products and services, increase expenses, lower 
disposable income of customers and their profitability, increase impairments and negatively impact collateral value 
(in particular property assets).  
Whilst the Group operates primarily in the Maltese market, the Group's operations may also be affected by 
conditions in the global economy.  Malta's economic outlook is closely tied to the economic performance of its 
main trading partners and their recovery.  While the worst of the COVID-19 pandemic appears to be over, the 
uncertainty around the subsistence of the pandemic may still pose additional downside risks to Malta's trade 
balance with its trading partners, affecting its ability to bounce back from the crisis; for further data on the impact 
that the COVID-19 pandemic has had on the Issuer, see the "Description of the Issuer" section.   
The invasion of Ukraine by Russia will also impact on the Maltese economy.  As part of the EU, Malta adheres to 
any sanctions, regulations, directives, and initiatives issued by the EU.  Although a preliminary analysis of the 
situation showed that the Maltese economy would not be significantly impacted by the situation, the prolongation 
of the war and its repercussions on prices of energy and food stuffs cannot be underestimated.  The government 
has stated that it will be cushioning any increase in the prices of oil, gas and basic food items that may come as a 
result of the Ukraine crisis, indicating that the price of utility tariffs in Malta will remain stable until the end of the 
year. However, should international prices remain high for a prolonged period, some adjustment may be 
unavoidable and, together with a dampened economic growth outlook among Malta's main trading partners, could

--- Page 18 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 9 - 
70-41023232 
 
negatively impact Malta's GDP growth. Insofar as the Group is concerned, it has minimal indirect exposure to 
Russia or Ukraine, and any impact is considered negligible. 
Significant economic global downturns, such as those resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and the war in 
Ukraine, may affect the Group's financial performance and financial condition, both directly and indirectly (by 
affecting the Group's customers). 
Additionally, changes in the overall business and socio-political climate, economic growth, international trade, 
consumer and business spending, inflation, unemployment, regulatory matters, and other factors, may adversely 
affect the Group's overall performance and results. 
The above conditions may impact the business of the Issuer and, ultimately, its solvency, liquidity and the amount 
and profitability of the business in which the Group operates. 
Risks relating to the Issuer's wholesale borrowing costs and access to liquidity and capital 
Customer deposits, which are the primary source of funding for the Issuer and predominantly come from Maltese 
retail and institutional clients, are relatively stable and less subject to adverse shocks related to uncertainty and 
hence, so far, there is no reliance on wholesale funding especially from a liquidity perspective.  In addition, the 
Issuer ensures that a significant proportion of the debt securities in its proprietary portfolio are eligible for the 
European Central Bank's ("ECB") open market operations. 
A downgrade of the credit rating of the Republic of Malta could have a negative impact on the Issuer given its 
reliance on the Maltese economy and could potentially lead to a downgrade in the Issuer's own rating.  This, in 
turn may have an adverse effect on the appetite for the Issuer's debt, especially with foreign investors.  It may also 
result in an increase in the cost of future wholesale funding. 
Correspondent banking risk 
The Issuer has correspondent banking arrangements with several financial institutions in different parts of the 
world, which provide the Issuer with the necessary backbone to service its clients in international banking and 
trade transactions, by enabling it to offer, amongst other things, cross-border payment services.   
In recent years increasing regulatory obligations related to the provision of correspondent banking services caused 
banks to scale down their activities in this space.  In this light, relatively small banks, including the Issuer, are 
finding the acquisition of correspondent banking services challenging.  The decision of the FATF to grey list Malta 
in June 2021 also increased the challenges faced by the Issuer.  As a consequence, in certain key currencies, the 
Issuer only has one correspondent providing such services. Therefore, the retention and maintenance of 
correspondent banking relationships is a critical element of the Issuer's business model, and, accordingly, any 
adverse change in the terms of, or termination of, any existing correspondent banking arrangements may have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer's operations, profitability and/or future growth potential. See sections "Risks relating 
to the Issuer – Risks relating to the economy, general business conditions and the socio-political environment in 
which the Group operates" and "Description of the Issuer – Malta's grey listing" for further details. 
Operational Risk 
The Group defines operational risk ("OR"), in line with the Basel Framework, as the risk of losses arising from 
inadequate or failed internal processes, people, systems or external events, covering risk categories such as fraud, 
technological, cyber-risk, legal and conduct risk. 
The Issuer's exposure to such operational risk and consequent losses can result from a wide range of factors, 
including, amongst others, fraud, errors by employees, inadequate employment practices and workplace safety 
measures, client claims, failure of the Issuer's systems or internal controls, failure to document transactions 
properly, failure to obtain proper internal authorisations, failure to comply with increasingly complex regulatory 
requirements and conduct of business rules, systems and equipment failures, failure to protect the Issuer's 
operations from increasingly sophisticated cyber-crime, loss or corruption of customer data or other sensitive 
information, damage to the Issuer's physical assets, natural disasters or the failure of external systems (for example, 
those of the Issuer's counterparties or vendors). 
The above operational failures may result in direct or indirect losses and could have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and could materially adversely affect 
its reputation. For further information on the Issuer's risk management framework, internal systems and the

--- Page 19 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 10 - 
70-41023232 
 
strategies that the Issuer has in place to monitor and manage the operational risks the Issuer is exposed to, see the 
"Description of the Issuer – Administrative, management and supervisory bodies – Risk Management" section.  
Reputational Risk 
Reputational risk is the current or future risk of a loss of goodwill, loss of customers and business, or a decline in 
profits because of a negative perception of the Issuer's image by relevant stakeholders (including but not limited 
to shareholders, directors, employees, customers, regulatory authorities, service providers, counterparties and 
investors).  Negative publicity may arise from a number of activities, including but not limited to: 
• 
breach of, or facing allegations of having breached, legal and regulatory requirements such as money 
laundering, anti-terrorism financing and capital adequacy requirements; 
• 
acting or facing allegations of having acted unethically; 
• 
failing to address potential conflicts of interest; 
• 
technological inefficiencies, disruption or failures; 
• 
poor company performance or operational results; 
• 
failing to maintain appropriate standards of customer privacy, customer service and record keeping; 
• 
competition in the banking industry; 
• 
limiting hours of or closing branches due to changing customer behaviour; 
• 
claims relating to the Issuer's investment services business and/or other business lines; and 
• 
negative reporting on the Issuer by media outlets, including social media. 
The Issuer believes that if any one or more of these risks were to occur, relevant stakeholders may become 
unwilling to conduct business with the Issuer, thereby potentially resulting in a material adverse effect on the 
goodwill of the Issuer, the results of its operations and the financial position and performance of the Issuer. 
Risk of downgrade in Issuer's credit rating 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is rated by S&P and Fitch. The Issuer's long-term issuer default 
rating assigned by S&P is 'BBB-' while the short-term rating is 'A-3' with a negative outlook. The Issuer's long-
term issuer default rating as assigned by Fitch is 'BBB-' whilst the short-term rating is 'F3' with a stable outlook. 
Current ratings are not indicative of future performance of the Issuer's business or its future creditworthiness. 
However, a downgrade to the Issuer's credit rating/s and/or outlook could have a negative impact on the financial 
position of the Issuer. 
Although a substantial portion of the Issuer's funding is derived from local customer deposits, a credit rating 
downgrade could also adversely impact access to other sources of funding, including wholesales and capital 
markets funding. In turn, this could have a negative effect on the Issuer's business, liquidity position, borrowing 
costs, financial performance and condition. 
Credit risk 
Risks arising from adverse changes in the credit quality and recoverability of loans and other amounts due from 
counterparties are inherent in the Issuer's business.  The financial and capital strength of the Issuer, and its 
profitability, depend on the creditworthiness of its customers and counterparties, among other things. Credit risk 
is therefore an important factor in assessing the financial condition and performance of the Issuer. 
Credit risk involves the possibility that the Issuer's contractual counterparties may not fulfil their payment 
obligations as a result of various factors, including the debtor's loss of capacity to service and repay debt (due to, 
for instance, a lack of liquidity or insolvency) and/or the emergence of circumstances not specifically related to 
the economic/financial conditions of the debtor but to the general economic environment in which the debtor 
operates.

--- Page 20 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 11 - 
70-41023232 
 
It is normal practice for the Issuer to obtain collateral as security for a large part of its loan book.  The Issuer is 
exposed to the risk that such collateral may become insufficient to cover the full loan amount.  Such a risk would 
normally result from a subsequent decrease in value of the underlying collateral.  Furthermore, the Issuer may be 
or may become unable to liquidate successfully such collateral in a timely manner. 
Although the Issuer makes adequate provisions for loan losses based on pecuniary conditions, sector performance 
and assessment of prior loss experience, these may not cover all future loan losses due to unforeseen adverse 
economic and market conditions. Unexpected increases in loan impairment or deterioration in the Issuer's collateral 
portfolio could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's profit and loss and financial condition. 
Credit risk may also arise as the Issuer may, based on incomplete, untrue or incorrect information, grant credit that 
otherwise would not have been granted or that would have been granted under different conditions.  In addition, 
in carrying out its credit activities, the Issuer is exposed to the risk that an unexpected change in the 
creditworthiness of a counterparty could give rise to the partial or total write-down of the credit granted or require 
provisions for impairment. 
Other banking activities, besides the traditional lending and deposit activities, can also expose the Issuer to credit 
risks.  Non-traditional credit risk can, for example, arise from the Issuer: (i) entering into derivative contracts; (ii) 
buying and selling securities and/or currencies; or (iii) taking custody of third-party securities. The counterparties 
of such transactions or the issuers of securities held by the Issuer (as the case may be) could fail to comply with 
their payment obligations due to insolvency, political or economic events, a lack of liquidity, operating 
deficiencies, or other reasons, all or any of which could negatively impact the Issuer. 
In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted a significant number of individuals and businesses 
resulting in a loss of jobs and income. During the course of 2020 and 2021, the Issuer granted a number of 
moratoria to these clients; the majority were granted on the repayment of capital and interest, but there were 
instances where the moratoria was granted only on capital repayments. For further details as to the amount of 
moratoria granted to show the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic has had on the Issuer's financial performance, 
see the "Description of the Issuer" section. The risk of prolongation of the COVID-19 pandemic could result in 
the further deterioration of the financial situation of such debtors. This situation could lead to a sudden and 
significant increase in the level of non-performing loans in the future with the risk of a consequent negative effect 
on the financial performance of the Issuer. 
Concentration risk 
Concentration risk arises due to a high level of exposure by the Issuer to: (i) individual issuers or counterparties 
(single-name concentration); (ii) a group of connected clients; (iii) industry sectors and geographical regions 
(sectoral concentration); (iv) a single currency; and/or (v) credit exposures secured by a single security.  Due to 
concentration risk, the associated credit risks could be significantly greater than those where no such high levels 
of exposure or connections exist.  
With respect to (i) and (ii) above, a large exposure to one group of connected customers may negatively affect the 
Issuer, if the majority, or even a significant proportion, of individual borrowers in the group encounter financial 
difficulties, or one entity in the group is significant enough to also affect the related parties in case of failure. The 
Issuer recognises that the largest single-name concentration share it holds relates to the Government of Malta. The 
Government of Malta is a source of concentration in both the loan book and the investment portfolio.  
With respect to (iii) above, the following table illustrates the risk weighted assets ("RWA") exposure by location 
out of the total portfolio (i.e. loan book and investment portfolio) as at December 2021.  
RWA exposure by location 
Country 
% 
€ million 
Malta ..............................................................................................................................  
84.58 
3,116.61 
EU ..................................................................................................................................  
4.79 
176.56 
Non-EU ..........................................................................................................................  
10.63 
391.49 
 
As the Issuer is not an international institution, with its focus primarily to service the Maltese economy and its 
local residents, it accepts as part of its business model that country concentration risk to Malta is high. An industry 
crisis in one industry where the exposures are highly concentrated may bring about a marked increase in credit 
default rates. Being a commercial bank, the Issuer's largest concentration in terms of sectorial exposure is to the

--- Page 21 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 12 - 
70-41023232 
 
private households and individual sector, which accounts for 34% of the total RWA exposure, followed by the 
financial and insurance activities sector, which totals 15%. 
With respect to (iv) above, the Issuer's major currency of operation when undergoing its business is in the euro. 
This is especially true regarding the loan portfolio, where the predominant RWA exposure is in euros, with only 
some business loans being denominated in other foreign currencies. On the other hand, regarding the Issuer's 
investment portfolio, while the predominant RWA exposure is still in euros, the Issuer does have some RWA 
exposure in major foreign currencies. The table below shows the Issuer's investment portfolio as at December 
2021, which consists of various securities, equity instruments, nostro deposits and repos, for each respective 
currency. 
RWA exposure by currency 
% 
€ million 
EUR ...............................................................................................................................  
66.17 
364.57 
USD ...............................................................................................................................  
18.95 
104.40 
GBP ................................................................................................................................  
8.88 
48.92 
Other 
6.01 
33.11 
 
With respect to (v) above, the Issuer's collateral portfolio generates an exposure to the real estate sector through 
the level of immovable property held. The figure below shows the Issuer's loan book collateral mix as at 31 
December 2021 compared to 31 December 2020. 82.8% of loans and advances were secured by extendable value 
collateral ("EVC"), where 66% of EVC emanated from immovable property (of which 44.1% was residential 
property and 21.9% was commercial property). The residual 17.2% element was unsecured.  
 
Given the size and nature of the domestic financial sector and the local economy, the Issuer is exposed to 
concentration risk in its credit business and investment activities. Any major downturn in economic activity in 
markets where the Issuer is exposed to concentration risk could have a significant adverse impact on the financial 
performance and financial condition of the Issuer. 
In addition, as depicted in the table below, the deposit base of the Issuer primarily consists of customers located 
in Malta and other EU countries, and, as a result, the Issuer is highly exposed to any economic trends affecting 
Malta specifically and the EU generally, which, if negative, may have an adverse effect on the Issuer, its business 
and results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 22 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 13 - 
70-41023232 
 
 
Deposits as at December 2021 
Country 
% 
€ million 
Malta ..............................................................................................................................  
97.7 
11,916.83 
EU ..................................................................................................................................  
0.7 
90.19 
Non-EU ..........................................................................................................................  
1.6 
194.67 
 
Risks relating to high outflows of funds from customer deposits 
As at the end of December 2021, customer deposits stood at €12,177 million (2020: €11,272 million), while loans 
and advances to customers amounted to €5,202 million (2020: €4,867 million). The funding of the loans is mainly 
through customer deposits with more than half of these driven by retail deposits. Customers continued to prefer 
short term deposit products and channelled their savings into the banking system due to the lack of more beneficial 
opportunities in the market. The Issuer continued to experience an increase in deposits during 2021, driven by a 
lack of alternative investment. High outflows of funds from customer deposits, for reasons such as those related 
to reputational risk, could cause an increase in the Group's costs of funding and if such outflows were to begin and 
continue for an extended period of time. This could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operating results, 
financial condition and liquidity prospects. 
Risks connected with the performance of the property market 
The Group is exposed to the risks of the property market, as a result of, amongst other things: (i) investments held 
directly in properties owned by it and through which it operates; (ii) loans granted by the Issuer to companies 
operating in the property sector where the cash flow is generated mainly by the rental or sale of properties 
(commercial real estate); and (iii) loans granted to clients where the collateral securing the loan is immovable 
property. 
With respect to (i) above, any downturn in the property market could result in the Group having to make 
impairments to the real estate it owns at a value that is higher than the recoverable value, with consequent negative 
effects, which may be significant, on the operating results and capital and financial position of the Issuer and/or 
the Group. 
With respect to (ii) above, any downturn in the real estate market could lead to a fall in market prices and a 
consequent fall in the demand for real estate. As a result, the Issuer's customers operating in the property sector 
may face a decrease in transaction volumes and margins, an increase in commitments resulting from financial 
expenses, as well as greater difficulties in refinancing, with negative consequences on the profitability of their 
activities, which could have a negative impact on their ability to repay the loans granted by the Issuer. 
With regard to (iii) above, a fall in property prices could translate into a reduction in the value of the collateral 
which could potentially be realised in the case of enforcement if the debtor defaults.  In addition, poor market 
conditions and/or, more generally, a protracted economic or financial downturn could lead to a fall in value of the 
collateral properties as well as create significant difficulties in terms of monetisation of such collateral under the 
scope of enforcement procedures, with possible negative effects in terms of realisation times and values, as well 
as on the operations and financial position of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
Risks associated with the Group's digital strategy 
Digital has become a key part of everyone's personal and business life. More and more industry sectors come 
across the point of "change" or "fail" and the financial services sector could not be an exception. 
The Issuer's market sentiment study on personal banking customers, as at the end of December 2021, indicated 
that the main pain points the customers are complaining about concern the ease of interacting with the Issuer due 
to the long queues at the branches and the waiting times of the call centre, as well as the overall lack of proper 
customer service.  
The Group has understood the need to meet the growing expectations of its customers and a core part of its strategy 
concerns the use of digital in order to improve the customer experience, boost sales and achieve operational 
efficiencies.

--- Page 23 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 14 - 
70-41023232 
 
As part of the strategy, the Issuer will enhance the existing platforms and develop new platforms that will support 
the delivery of a consistent and seamless experience for its customers. The platforms will enable the creation of 
new digital propositions and will also support the new customer acquisition and retention. Additionally, digital 
technologies will be adopted within the Issuer's operating model, simplifying the way of work, while achieving 
efficiencies and improving the level of the service provided to the customers. 
Failure to deliver this strategy would mean an increase in credit risk due to lack of a robust early warning systems 
that uses artificial intelligence ("AI") to provide early indications of potential defaults on debts. Furthermore, it 
also means keeping (or increasing) the existing operational risk due to the manual processes and fragmented 
systems that the Issuer is currently operating with. Through digitalisation, the Issuer will benefit from reducing (or 
eliminating) critical manual processes and turn these into fully automated systems with real time monitoring and 
reporting.   
Adherence to compliance and regulatory obligations is high on the Issuer's agenda, and this is where the group 
feels that digitalisation will help the Issuer improve its regulatory compliance. Through digitalisation, especially 
through AI, the Issuer will be able to proactively identify risks and their associated scenarios, together with issuing 
of automated, on-time reporting through the aggregation of data and more accurate forecasting. Should the Issuer 
fail to deliver its digital strategy, the risk of non-compliance and regulatory breaches will increase as a result of 
the ongoing changes in the regulatory landscape. 
Whilst keeping the risks into perspective, the Group needs to take prompt and right decisions in regards to the 
technologies that will be used and the services to be offered. The Group also needs to invest sufficiently in its 
digital strategy and partner with the best, in order to stay ahead or at least stay close to its competitors.  
A failure to do so could have a materially adverse effect on customer acquisition and retention, as well as on the 
Group's overall reputation, which could lead to loss of market share and poor financial performance. See section 
"Risks Relating to the Issuer – Risk relating to technological matters" for further details. 
2. 
Risks relating to the environment in which the Issuer operates 
Market risk 
The Issuer may face a number of market risks in the normal course of its business. Market risk refers to the adverse 
impact of movements in market prices or rates such as interest rates, credit spreads and foreign exchange rates. 
Market risk stems from all the positions included in Issuers' investment portfolios, commodity and foreign 
exchange positions, interest income and the market value of assets and liabilities. 
In the event that market risks were to occur, the Issuer may experience significant losses in the value of its 
investment portfolio, declines in the level of interest income, and negative movements in the fair values of its 
assets and liabilities which would consequently have a significant adverse impact on the operations and financial 
performance of the Issuer. The following are the principal identifiable market risks: 
Interest rate and inflation risk 
Interest rate risk is primarily defined as a risk of net interest margin decreasing due to fluctuations in interest rates 
which are influenced by factors outside the Issuer's control (such as the fiscal and monetary policies of 
governments and central banks and political and economic conditions in the countries in which the Issuer operates); 
these factors can affect the interest rate margin.  The Issuer is exposed to interest rate risk in its banking book 
arising from the mismatch between interest-sensitive assets and liabilities held in the banking book. 
Changes in interest rates, including the level thereof and the shape of the yield curve, affect the sensitivity of 
earnings in the short term by changing the Issuer's net interest income and the level of other interest-sensitive 
income and expenses. Furthermore, interest rate risk arises from the different re-pricing characteristics of the 
Issuer's interest-sensitive assets and liabilities. Variations in interest rates also affect the present value and timings 
of future cash flows, which, in turn, changes the underlying value of the Issuer's assets, liabilities and off-balance 
sheet items. For this reason, movements in interest rates not only have an effect on the net interest margin but may 
also impact the Issuer's results and profitability. 
Additionally, the persistence of exceptionally low and negative interest rates for a prolonged period had an adverse 
impact on the Issuer's financial performance and condition and is much more pronounced for banks with high 
reliance on deposit funding compared to other banks.  In particular, since 2012, in response to concerns about 
Europe's sovereign debt crisis and slowing economic growth, central banks around the world, including the ECB,

--- Page 24 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 15 - 
70-41023232 
 
the Bank of England, the Central Bank of China and the U.S. Federal Reserve, among others, have lowered interest 
rates to historically low levels, with the globally prevailing interest maintained at, or near, zero for substantial 
periods of time.  The ECB and other monetary authorities had also instituted negative interest rates on reserves 
maintained by commercial banks with central banks. As a result, the Issuer is susceptible to greater liquidity costs, 
which are not likely to be fully passed on to customers in the form of zero or negative interests rates on customer 
savings and deposits. 
Foreign exchange risk 
The Issuer conducts the principal part of its business in Euros (which is also the Issuer's base currency); however, 
the Issuer performs some of its activities in other currencies. Accordingly, the Issuer may be impacted by foreign 
exchange risk, which is the risk of adverse movements in the monetary value of assets and liabilities, and 
additionally of income and expenses, from the fluctuation of exchange rates in relation to the Euro. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk refers to the possibility that the Issuer may find itself unable to meet its current, future, anticipated, 
and/or unforeseen cash payments and delivery obligations and, as a result, its day-to-day operations or financial 
position may be impaired.  The activity of the Issuer is subject, in particular, to funding liquidity risk, market 
liquidity risk, mismatch risk and contingency risk. 
Funding liquidity risk 
The availability of liquidity needed to carry out the Issuer's day-to-day business activities and its ability to access 
long-term funding are essential for the Issuer to be able to meet its anticipated and/or unforeseen cash payment 
and delivery obligations, such as, but not limited to, paying its operating expenses, paying interest on its debt, 
maintaining its repo activities and replacing certain maturing liabilities.  If, for some reason, the Issuer is unable 
to access the necessary liquidity to conduct its operations and/or meet its obligations, this could negatively impact 
the Issuer's financial condition and performance. 
Market liquidity risk 
Economic and market conditions, with which the Issuer might be faced, could curtail the Issuer's access to deposits 
and other forms of funding.  Given that a significant portion of the Issuer's financing is derived from local customer 
deposits, a decrease in customer confidence could limit the Issuer's capacity to access retail funds. In addition, a 
decrease in confidence could limit the Issuer's capacity to access funds through the issuance of financial 
instruments. 
Furthermore, sudden changes in market conditions (in particular, interest rates and creditworthiness) can have 
significant effects on the time necessary for the Issuer to sell securities, including high-quality assets (such as 
government securities) without incurring losses.  The consequences of a possible downgrade of issuers of securities 
in which the Issuer has invested could also make it difficult to guarantee that such financial instruments can be 
easily liquidated under favourable economic terms. 
If the Issuer faces liquidity problems due to any one or more of the factors set out above, this could impact its 
ability to meet regulatory requirements, and could also have negative effects on the operating results and/or on the 
financial position of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
Mismatch risk 
Mismatch risk arises from differences in the amounts or maturities of incoming and outgoing cash flows, and could 
impact, amongst other things, the ability of the Issuer to meet its liabilities as they fall due.  Should such risk 
materialise, this could have a negative impact on the Issuer. 
Contingency risk 
The Issuer must also manage the risk that (potentially unexpected) future requirements (for instance, use of credit 
lines and/or withdrawal of deposits) may require a greater amount of liquidity than may have been anticipated as 
being necessary for the Issuer's ordinary day-to-day activities.  This may also have a negative impact on the Issuer.

--- Page 25 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 16 - 
70-41023232 
 
Risks arising from the Issuer's Custody Business 
The Issuer acts as custodian to Undertakings for the Collective Investment in Transferable Securities ("UCITS") 
funds which are managed by the UCITS management company within the group of the Issuer.  As custodian, the 
Issuer provides safekeeping services to UCITS and performs oversight functions required of custodians of UCITS, 
amongst other services. The Issuer has global custody network access through arrangements with Euroclear Bank 
NV and Clearstream Banking S.A., pursuant to which the Issuer delegates certain of its safekeeping functions. 
Regarding Malta-based securities of UCITS, these are held directly by the Issuer with the local central securities 
depositary operated by the Malta Stock Exchange.  
When acting as custodian of UCITS, under applicable regulation, the Issuer is (broadly) liable for: (a) loss of 
financial instruments held in custody (unless it can prove that the loss arose as a result of an external event beyond 
its reasonable control, the consequences of which would have been unavoidable despite all reasonable efforts to 
the contrary); and (b) all other losses suffered by such investment funds and unit-holders therein as a result of the 
Issuer's negligent or intentional failure to properly fulfil its obligations pursuant to applicable law. The liability of 
the Issuer is not affected by any delegation of services. Investors should note that unitholders in UCITS funds may 
invoke the Issuer's liability as custodian directly or indirectly, through a management company or a fund. 
In providing custody services, liability of the Issuer (as described above) could materialise due to, amongst other 
things, the loss of financial instruments held in custody (including due to fraud and possible failures of the Issuer 
in segregating assets as required by applicable regulation), negligence of the Issuer in performing its custody 
functions, failures in clearing and settlement systems and/or the insolvency, negligence or fraudulent conduct of 
the Issuer's global custody provider or sub-custodian (or delegates thereof). In the event that such liability arises, 
this could impact the financial performance of the Issuer. 
Risks arising from the Issuer's Trusts Business 
The Issuer's trusts unit was established in 2005, when the Issuer was granted authorisation by the Malta Financial 
Services Authority (the "MFSA") to offer trustee services pursuant to Article 43(8)(i) of the Trusts and Trustees 
Act (Cap. 331 of the laws of Malta). 
In October 2015, the Issuer's Board of Directors resolved to exit the trusts business and gradually wind down all 
trust products.  The trusts unit currently continues to service existing relationships whilst focusing on winding 
down the remaining trusts; see "Description of the Issuer – Trusts business" for further details. The risks that arise 
from the trusts business therefore relate both to the ongoing servicing of trusts and to the winding down process 
itself. 
Inherent risks normally associated with the management of trusts businesses arise from: (a) the possibility of 
external or internal fraud and the possibility of misappropriations of assets, risks from failure to meet fiduciary or 
professional obligations towards clients, breach of confidentiality or conflict of interest; (b) risks from failure to 
obtain all trust/due diligence documentation at customer intake and on an ongoing basis; and (c) the possibility 
that assets held under trust may lose their value and the potential impact on third parties arising from assets held 
in trust.  Risks related to the winding down process include threat to business continuity from the possibility of 
inadequate human resources, increased costs from the possibility of litigation/complaints, and impact on reputation 
with existing parties.  
The Issuer is undertaking all necessary steps to complete the spin-off of the trusts business as expeditiously and as 
efficiently as possible including seeking court direction where and as applicable in terms of law. However, until 
the trusts business is completely wound down and, possibly even thereafter, the liability of the Issuer could 
materialise in respect of its trusts business due to one or more of the above reasons. In the event that such liability 
arises, this could impact the financial performance of the Issuer. 
Risks connected with the collection, processing and storage of personal data 
Whenever personal data is collected, processed and stored by the Group, the activity conducted is subject to the 
rules governing the processing of personal data pursuant to the Data Protection Act (Cap. 586 of the laws of Malta) 
and subsidiary legislation issued thereunder (the "DPA") and the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 
2016/679 ("GDPR"). 
The Group is subject to a number of obligations concerning the processing of personal data, including but not 
limited to ensuring that: (i) personal data are processed fairly, lawfully and in a transparent manner; (ii) personal 
data are only collected for specific, explicitly stated and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner

--- Page 26 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 17 - 
70-41023232 
 
that is incompatible with those purposes; (iii) all reasonable measures are taken to complete, correct, restrict, block 
or erase personal data to the extent that such data are incomplete or incorrect, having regard to the purposes for 
which personal data are processed; (iv) personal data collected are adequate, limited and relevant to what is 
necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed; (v) personal data are not kept for a period longer 
than is necessary; and (vi) personal data are processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal 
data.  Additionally, prior to processing personal data, the Group must ensure that the personal data undergoing 
processing are justified under at least one of the lawful bases stipulated within the GDPR. Where consent is deemed 
the appropriate legal basis, the Group must ensure that the person to whom the personal data relates has 
unambiguously, freely, specifically and informatively given their consent for such processing. 
The Group has implemented internal policies and procedures to comply with the GDPR and the DPA.  Personal 
data will be processed in accordance with the Group's data protection policy and procedures, information security 
policies and procedures, and the data retention guidelines. The Issuer has appointed a group data protection officer 
who reports to the highest management level and is responsible for ensuring that the Issuer processes the personal 
data of its staff, customers, providers and any other data subjects in compliance with the applicable data protection 
laws and regulations. However, the Group remains exposed to the risk that personal data collected could be 
damaged or lost, disclosed or otherwise unlawfully processed for purposes other than as permitted in the DPA 
and/or the GDPR. The possible damage, loss, unauthorised processing or disclosure of personal data could have a 
negative impact on the activity of the Group, including reputationally, and could lead to the imposition of fines.  
In particular, the GDPR has introduced significant penalties for systemic breaches, which is the higher of 4 per 
cent. of annual worldwide turnover or €20 million, and fines of up to the higher of 2 per cent of annual worldwide 
turnover or €10 million in the case of specified infringements listed therein.  The implementation of the GDPR 
and DPA has required substantial investment in, and revisions to, the Group's pre-existing procedures and policies.  
These changes have materially impacted the Group's cost of compliance and any changes to the applicable laws 
and/or regulations, even at an EU level, relating to data protection could have a negative impact on the Group's 
activities, including the need to incur costs for adapting to the new regulations. 
Risks related to the competitive nature of the banking industry  
The financial services industry, both in Malta and globally, is competitive.  Competitive pressures could increase 
due to general developments in the market, regulatory changes, shifts in customer demand, shifts in competitors' 
strategies, technological enhancements, and other factors that are beyond the Issuer's control.  Non-traditional 
financial services companies, particularly financial technology (fintech) companies and payment service providers, 
have penetrated the financial services industry at a fast rate, further increasing competition in the market. 
An acceleration or shift in demand towards new technologies such as internet and mobile banking may necessitate 
changes to the Group's retail distribution strategy, which may include closing and/or selling certain branches and 
restructuring the Group's remaining branches and work force.  These actions could lead to losses and may lead to 
increased expenditure to renovate or reconfigure the Group's remaining branches or to otherwise reform its retail 
distribution channel. 
If the Issuer is unable to: (a) respond adequately to any increases or changes in competitive pressures, for example 
by introducing innovative products and services; and (b) anticipate and adapt the Group's offerings to changing 
banking industry trends, including technological changes, the Issuer may not succeed in developing its business 
or may lose its market share. In turn, this could have a negative impact on the Issuer's financial performance and 
condition. 
Business risk 
Business risk is defined as a measurement of the unanticipated unfavourable variance between actual profit 
margins of the Issuer and forecasted profit margins. Business risk may originate from a significant deterioration 
in economic and market conditions, unpredictable customer preferences and behaviour, and changes in the 
applicable regulatory framework.  If any one or more of these risks were to materialise, this could lead to serious 
losses and may impact the Issuer's capital, financial performance and financial condition. 
Risks arising from reliance on third parties for important products and services 
The Group depends on a number of third-party providers for a variety of functions including for IT software and 
platforms, payment system services, mobile application services, credit card production services, back office, 
business process support, internet connections and network access.  If the Group's contractual arrangements with 
any of these providers were terminated for any reason or any third-party service provider becomes otherwise

--- Page 27 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 18 - 
70-41023232 
 
unavailable or unreliable in providing the service to the required standards or in accordance with the service level 
agreements, the Group will be required to identify and implement alternative arrangements.  The Group may not 
find a suitable alternative third-party provider or supplier for the services, on a timely basis, on at least equivalent 
terms or on commercially viable terms without incurring a significant amount of additional costs, or may not find 
an alternative third-party provider whatsoever.  These factors could cause a material disruption in the Group's 
operations and could have a material adverse financial or reputational impact on the Group. 
The Group is also subject to risk with respect to security breaches affecting such third-party providers and other 
parties that interact with these service providers. As the Group's interconnectivity with these third parties increases, 
it increasingly faces the risk of operational failure with respect to the Group's systems.  In addition, any problems 
caused by these third parties, including as a result of such providers ceasing to provide the Group with their services 
for any reason, or such providers performing their services poorly, could adversely affect the Group's ability to 
deliver products and services to customers and otherwise conduct its business, which could have a negative impact 
on the Group. 
3. 
Legal and regulatory risks 
Risks relating to the complex and constantly evolving regulatory environment in which the Group operates 
The Group operates in a complex regulatory environment, as a result of which it is subject to a vast array of rules 
and regulations, including but not limited to regulatory and legal requirements relating to prudential capital 
requirements, liquidity requirements, risk management, conduct of business, selling practices, depositor 
protection, data protection, cyber-security, anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing, market abuse, 
fiscal requirements, and ongoing disclosure and reporting obligations. Furthermore, the regulatory environment in 
which the Group operates is constantly evolving, with the introduction of new rules and regulations, or the 
amendment or overhaul of existing ones.  In this regard, the Bank faces risks associated with an uncertain and 
rapidly evolving prudential regulatory environment.  In addition, the Issuer is susceptible to changes in the 
application and, or interpretation of such rules and regulations, whether as a result of judicial interpretation or due 
to decisions, orders, directives, and/or guidelines issued by competent regulatory authorities. 
The CRD Packages 
In reaction to the crisis in financial markets, the regulatory environment has undergone, and is still undergoing, 
significant changes.  In 2013, the European Union adopted the 'CRD IV Package', the third set of amendments to 
the original capital requirements directive ("CRD"), following two earlier sets of revisions adopted in 2009 ("CRD 
II") and 2010 ("CRD III").  The CRD IV Package (comprising a directive ("CRD IV") and a regulation ("CRR")) 
introduced into EU law the majority of the international standards agreed by the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision ("BCBS") in 2010, known as "Basel III framework". 
The CRD IV Package impacted the prudential regulatory regime applicable to banks with effect from 1 January 
2014, including through: (i) increased minimum levels of capital and additional minimum capital buffers; (ii) 
enhanced quality standards for qualifying capital; (iii) increased risk weighting of assets, particularly in relation to 
market risk and counterparty credit risk; and (iv) the future introduction of a minimum leverage ratio. 
The CRD IV Package has been amended with the introduction of an additional regulation (CRR II amending the 
CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment 
undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements) and the CRD V directive ("CRD V") 
(amending the CRD IV with respect to exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding 
companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures). CRR II and CRD 
V were adopted by the Council of the European Union on 14 May 2019 with the aim of addressing those elements 
of the Basel III framework which were still to be fully implemented as well as introducing EU-specific 
amendments that are not driven by Basel III framework or other international standards.  The amendments better 
align the current regulatory framework to international developments in order to promote consistency and 
comparability among jurisdictions. 
CRD V was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and entered into force on 27 
June 2019.  The majority of CRR II provisions became applicable from 28 June 2021, with certain provisions 
applicable before or after that date.  The CRD V was transposed into Maltese law on 28 December 2021, mainly 
through the enactment of Act LXXI of 2021 and Act LXXII of 2021.

--- Page 28 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 19 - 
70-41023232 
 
The requirements of the CRD Packages as adopted or applicable in Malta may change, whether as a result of 
further changes to the CRD Packages agreed by European Union legislators, binding regulatory technical standards 
to be developed by the European Banking Authority or changes to the way in which the MFSA and/or the ECB 
interprets and applies these requirements to banks under its supervision.  Such changes, either individually and/or 
in aggregate, may lead to further unexpected and more onerous requirements in relation to the Issuer's capital, 
leverage, liquidity and funding ratios or alter the way in which such ratios are calculated. 
Capital requirements 
As a bank of significant importance for the European financial system, the Issuer is directly supervised by the 
ECB.  As part of the supervisory review and evaluation process ("SREP"), the ECB provides, on an annual basis, 
a final decision of the capital requirement that the Issuer must comply with on a consolidated level.  
As from March 2022, the Group was required to meet a total SREP capital requirement ("TSCR") of 11.00%, 
consisting of 8.00% minimum own funds requirement (known as pillar 1 capital requirement) in line with Article 
92(1) of the CRR and a 3.00% (previously 3.25%) pillar 2 requirement ("P2R"). In view of the COVID-19 
pandemic, on 12 March 2020, the ECB published a press release stating that banks were allowed to partially use 
capital instruments that do not qualify as CET1 capital, such as additional tier 1 ("AT1") or tier 2 ("T2") 
instruments, to meet the P2R.  This measure was initially scheduled to come into effect in January 2021, as part 
of the latest revision of the CRD V, but due to the COVID-19 pandemic the measure was enforced earlier.  
Accordingly, the Issuer shall meet the 3.00% P2R capital requirement as follows: 1.69% by CET1 capital, 0.56% 
by AT1 capital and 0.75% by T2 capital. 
In addition to the pillar 1 capital requirements, banking rule BR/15/2015 (Capital buffers of credit institutions 
authorised under the Banking Act 1994) requires credit institutions to comply at all times with applicable additional 
regulatory capital buffers which include the capital conservation buffer ("CCB"), the countercyclical capital buffer 
("CCyB"), the institution-specific CCyB, the systemic risk buffer, the global systemically important institution 
buffer and the other-systemically important institutions ("O-SII") buffer.  These buffers are aimed at mitigating 
specific risks and strengthening the resilience of credit institutions and were fully applicable from January 2019.  
Automatic restrictions on capital distributions apply if the Issuer's CET1 capital falls below the level of its CRD 
IV combined buffer. As at December 2021, the buffers applying to the Issuer were the CCB, the institution-specific 
CCyB and the O-SII buffer. 
The CCB is based on Article 129 of the CRD and is aimed at protecting the Issuer's capital and avoiding breaches 
of minimum capital requirements.  The CCB is equal to 2.50% of CET1 capital as a percentage of its total risk 
exposure amount.  
During 2021, the Central Bank of Malta ("CBM") did not activate the CCyB capital buffer.  Further, the institution-
specific CCyB is based on the Group's geographical location of the relevant credit exposure.  In accordance with 
Article 130(1) of the CRD, the buffer rate is calculated by multiplying the total risk exposure amount ("TREA") 
and the weighted average of the countercyclical buffer rates that relate to the jurisdictions where the Group's credit 
exposures are located.  
Additionally, due to its strong presence in the Maltese economy and its perceived systemic relevance, the Issuer 
has been identified by the MFSA and the CBM as an O-SII and is required to maintain an O-SII capital buffer of 
2.00% composed of CET1 capital as a percentage of the total risk weight exposure amount (as per the MFSA's 
and the CBM's joint Statement Decision dated 12 February 2021). 
A perceived or actual shortage of capital held by the Issuer to meet its capital requirements could result in actions 
by regulatory authorities, including public censure and the imposition of quantitative and qualitative sanctions. 
This may also affect the Issuer's capacity to continue or grow its business operations, generate a sufficient return 
on capital or pursue acquisitions or other strategic opportunities, affecting future growth potential.  If, in response 
to any such shortage, the Issuer raises additional capital through the issuance of share capital or capital instruments, 
existing shareholders or holders of debt of a capital nature may experience a dilution of their investment. 
BRRD and MREL 
The Issuer is subject to the BRRD (as defined in the Conditions), which framework is intended to enable a wide 
range of actions that could be taken towards institutions considered to be failing or likely to fail (i.e., the sale of 
business tool, the asset separation tool, the bail-in tool and the bridge bank tool).  See "Risks Relating to the Notes 
- Risks Relating to the Notes generally - The European recovery and resolution regime is intended to enable a

--- Page 29 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 20 - 
70-41023232 
 
range of actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. 
The taking of any such actions (or the perception that the taking of any such action may occur) could materially 
adversely affect the value of the Notes and/or the rights of Holders" below. 
The BRRD requires institutions to meet a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") 
so as to be able to absorb losses and restore their capital position, allowing institutions to continuously perform 
their critical economic functions during and after a crisis. 
In June 2022, the Issuer was notified by the MFSA of its MREL requirements as decided by the Single Resolution 
Board, which were as follows: 
From 1 January 2024, the requirement of the Issuer's own funds and eligible liabilities will be equivalent to: 
• 
25.07% of total risk weighed assets plus the combined buffer requirement ("CBR") of 4.5%; and 
• 
7.76% of the total leverage ratio exposure. 
From 1 January 2022, under the intermediate requirements, the MREL requirements are equivalent to: 
• 
21.31% of total risk weighted assets plus the CBR of 4.5%; and 
• 
7.73% of the total leverage ratio exposure. 
The Group's end-state sub-MREL requirement will be 18.28% plus the CBR.  
Issuer's classification as a Significant Supervised Entity 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 granting 
specific tasks to the ECB as per prudential supervision policies of credit institutions (the "SSM Regulation") in 
order to establish a single supervisory mechanism (the "Single Supervisory Mechanism" or "SSM").  From 4 
November 2014, the SSM Regulation has given the ECB, in conjunction with the national regulatory authorities 
of the Eurozone and of certain other Member States, direct supervisory responsibility over "banks of significant 
importance" in the Eurozone. 
The Issuer has been classified as a significant supervised entity within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 
468/2014 of the ECB of 16 April 2014 establishing the framework for co-operation within the SSM between the 
ECB and each national competent authority and with national designated authorities (the "SSM Framework 
Regulation") and, as such, is subject to direct prudential supervision by the ECB in respect of the functions granted 
to the ECB by the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework Regulation. 
Compliance with all of the foregoing and all other applicable rules and regulations entails significant costs and 
effort which may adversely affect the profitability of the Group and its financial performance.  In particular, the 
rules and regulations that apply to credit and financial institutions are of a significantly technical nature, requiring 
sector-specific expertise and experience to ensure ongoing compliance therewith.  The Group may not be able to 
attract and retain suitable and adequate resources to ensure its ongoing compliance with its complex and highly 
technical regulatory and legal requirements. 
Any changes to the rules and/or changes in the interpretation and/or implementation of those rules by the competent 
authorities could give rise to new burdens and obligations for the Issuer, with possible negative impact on the 
results of operations and the financial condition of the Issuer. 
The inability of the Group to meet its ongoing regulatory and legal requirements, whether in whole or in part, or 
the inability of the Group to equip itself to comply with forthcoming legislation or regulation in a timely and 
suitable manner, may expose the Group to the risk of regulatory sanctioning, including but not limited to, the 
imposition of public reprimands, administrative penalties, temporary suspension of activities, or even revocation 
of authorisations, whether in whole or in part.  In addition, lack of compliance with legal and regulatory 
requirements may negatively affect the reputation and goodwill of the Group and may result in a loss of existing 
or potential business, and/or a weakened competitive advantage. 
Furthermore, the costs associated with complying with the regulatory and legal requirements applicable to a 
particular business line or market segment may deter the Group from entering into such business lines or market 
segments, or constrain the Group from scaling-down, or withdrawing entirely from, its existing business lines or

--- Page 30 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 21 - 
70-41023232 
 
market segments in order to cut its costs of compliance to a commercially and operational viable level.  As a result, 
the Group may be susceptible to loss of customers to competitors who are able to provide a more extensive service 
offering and who are better positioned to cross-sell across multiple business lines and market segments if such 
risks were to materialise, it could have a material adverse effect on the results of the Group's operations and 
financial performance. 
If any of these risks were to materialise, they could also have a material adverse effect on impacted lines of 
operations, reputation and rating of the Group. 
Systemic risk 
Given the high level of interdependence between financial institutions, the Group is and will continue to be subject 
to the risk of actual or perceived deterioration of the commercial and financial soundness of other financial services 
institutions.  The risk relating to this interdependence is known as "systemic" risk, which is the risk that a default 
of any one institution could lead to defaults by other institutions, particularly where close relationships between 
such financial institutions subsist, whether as a result of their credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. 
Concerns over, default by, governmental "bail out" of, or government "bail in" of one institution could lead to 
significant liquidity problems, including increases in the cost of liquidity, losses and defaults by other institutions.  
Several factors could lead to enhanced systemic risk including contagion in financial markets, imbalances in 
financial systems, asymmetric information, or other events of a systemic nature. Such systemic risk could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to raise new wholesale funding, which could affect its business, 
financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects. 
Risks connected with legal proceedings in progress  
In the course of its business, the Issuer faces various risks from legal and regulatory proceedings which may result 
in potential losses. The litigation proceedings relating to the Deiulemar judicial claim which was settled out-of-
court for €182.5 million on 3 May 2022 was the biggest risk the Issuer faced prior to settlement. The details of the 
case, together with other legal proceedings where the Issuer is a defendant, can be found under "Description of the 
Issuer – Legal and Arbitration Proceedings". Moreover, from time to time, past and present directors, officers and 
employees may be involved in civil and/or criminal proceedings, the details of which the Group may not lawfully 
know about or communicate. 
The Group is also required to deal appropriately with various legal and regulatory requirements in relation to 
certain aspects of its activity, such as conflicts of interest, ethical issues, anti-money laundering laws, client assets, 
competition law, privacy and information security rules, amongst others. Actual or alleged failure to so comply 
may lead to additional litigation and investigations and subject the Group to claims for damages, regulatory fines, 
other penalties and/or reputational damages, any or all of which may have a negative impact on the Group. 
Risks relating to the detection and prevention of money laundering and other financial crime 
The Group is required to comply with applicable anti-money laundering ("AML"), anti-terrorist financing, anti-
bribery and corruption, sanctions and other rules and regulations designed to prevent, detect, mitigate and 
ultimately combat financial crime.  These rules and regulations require the Group to, among other things, conduct 
customer due diligence (including sanctions and politically exposed persons screening), maintain up-to-date 
customer records, and design, implement and review internal controls, processes, procedures and policies for the 
ongoing monitoring and evaluation of customers and the risks associated with establishing and maintaining 
relations with its customers.  In addition, the Group is required to comply with its obligation to detect and report 
suspicious transactions and other activities to the relevant competent authority. 
Actual or perceived weaknesses or deficiencies in the Group's internal controls, processes, procedures and policies 
may expose the Group to regulatory sanctions, including but not limited to the imposition of public reprimands, 
administrative penalties, temporary suspension of activities, revocation of authorisations (in whole or in part), or 
other regulatory interventionist measures.  In addition, the Group may be exposed to civil and/or criminal 
proceedings. The imposition of any such regulatory actions, or the initiation of such proceedings, may expose the 
Group to a loss in reputation, impairment in goodwill, and could potentially lead to a loss in foreign counterparts 
and a downgrade in rating. 
In recent years, a concerted global effort has been made to place the proper and effective detection, prevention, 
mitigation and combatting of money laundering and financial crime at the forefront of the regulatory agenda, 
resulting in heightened expectations surrounding systematically important market operators, such as credit and

--- Page 31 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 22 - 
70-41023232 
 
financial institutions, including the Issuer.  The inability of the Group to adapt to these evolving requirements may 
expose the Group to significant penalties or other sanctions as a result of which the goodwill and reputation of the 
Group may be impaired, and which could potentially have a material adverse effect on impacted lines of operations, 
rating, relationship banking and its future prospects. 
Financial crime has become increasingly complex and borderless, with the increased use of, among other things, 
advanced placement, layering and concealment techniques, opaque vehicles, and the deployment of innovative 
technologies to circumvent detection of criminal activities and behaviour.  The Group's ability to effectively 
prevent, detect and combat financial crime is therefore dependent on its ability to stay ahead of the curve and 
swiftly respond to emerging threats and risks associated with financial crime and the use of the Group's services 
or operations to conduct financial crime.  
The regulatory framework relating to AML, anti-terrorist financing, anti-bribery and corruption, sanctions and 
other financial crimes, generally speaking, gives wide-ranging powers and authority to the relevant competent 
authorities, including, among other things, the power to issue freezing and attachment orders, warrants of seizure, 
conduct on-site inspections, appoint competent persons to take over the general administration and conduct of 
affairs of the credit or financial institution concerned, and generally to conduct investigations and initiate civil 
and/or criminal proceedings.  The exercise of such powers, whether successfully appealed or otherwise, could have 
a material adverse effect on the goodwill and reputation of the Group, the ability of the Group to conduct its 
ongoing business and activities, and could expose the Group to claims for damages from its customers or other 
stakeholders. 
If any of the above-mentioned risks were to materialise, such risks could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's operating results, its financial performance and condition, relationship with foreign counterparts, rating 
and its future prospects. 
Climate change and related risks 
The Issuer recognises the risks emanating from climate change and is also aware of the array of regulatory 
requirements applicable to the Group. For this reason, the risk management function within the Issuer established 
an environmental, social and governance ("ESG") department in 2021, with a dedicated professional team to 
contribute to a more structured handling of the Issuer's internal ESG related commitments, as well as the 
monitoring of climate and environmental ("C&E") related risks. The ESG department carried out the 
quantification of the materiality assessment to categorise the risk exposures of the Issuer, and embed C&E risks 
in the risk inventory of the Issuer. The materiality assessment is based on a concentration analysis, by primarily 
grading high risk sectors which are sensitive to C&E risks and mapping the exposures of the credit loan book of 
the Issuer both for the physical and transition risks attributed to the same risks relative to climate change policy 
regulations.  
The Issuer considers physical risks as including the economic costs and financial losses resulting from the 
increased severity and frequency of extreme weather phenomena triggered by climate change (heat waves, 
landslides, floods, fires, storms etc) and from gradual long-term climate changes (changes in rainfall, extreme 
weather variability, ocean acidification, rising sea levels and average temperatures etc) through a scenario analysis. 
Physical risks may be further subdivided into acute risks and chronic risks, which are applied to the different 
counterparties within the credit portfolio. 
The Issuer considers the impacts of transition risk as being related to the process of adjusting to a low greenhouse 
gases emissions economy. The emissions reduction process is liable to have a material impact on all sectors of the 
economy by affecting the value of certain financial assets and the profit margins of certain companies. It is possible 
to further segment transition risk as follows: political and legal risks, technological risks, market risks and 
reputational risks. For this reason, the Issuer monitors its counterparties, especially those falling under high risk 
sectors, to ascertain strict oversight for dedicated transition plans.  
In addition, the Issuer analysed the materiality risk exposures for operational, liquidity, business and market risk. 
The Issuer is applying industry measurable monitoring targets to support the management to exercise its risk 
functions based on sound information. For this reason, during 2021 the Issuer set up an ESG committee to secure 
board-level oversight of strategic ESG and C&E related risks, through its governance structure.

--- Page 32 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 23 - 
70-41023232 
 
4. 
Internal control risk 
Risks associated with the implementation of risk management policies 
The Issuer has a number of processes and structures in place which have the objective of developing and 
implementing risk management policies, procedures and controls, in order to monitor the risks inherent in the 
nature of its activities.  Although the Issuer devotes significant resources to continuously develop its risk 
management policies, procedures and methods, unanticipated, unforeseeable, or unidentified risks, by their nature, 
may not be considered within the Issuer's risk management policies and processes.  Additionally, some of the 
methods used to monitor and manage risks may involve certain assumptions, observations of past conditions and/or 
statistical models, which may be inadequate for management of certain risks and for predicting future risk 
exposures.  This could result in losses and may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's operational results, 
its financial condition and performance. For further information the Issuer's internal control system, see the 
"Description of the Issuer – Risk management" section.  
Environmental, social and governance risks 
Strategic risk 
General 
Strategic risk is the risk of suffering potential losses due to, amongst other things, radical changes in the business 
environment or a lack of responsiveness to changes in the business environment, and/or improper implementation 
of strategic decisions.  
The Group cannot guarantee that it will successfully implement its strategic development and growth plans, which 
may depend on, among other factors, its ability to efficiently manage the Group's operations, maintain and expand 
its customer base, attract and retain key personnel, and invest in the correct resources and technologies. This may 
have a negative impact on the Issuer's risk profile, profitability and earnings, as well as its overall strategic direction 
in the long term. 
Governance 
The Issuer is undertaking an exercise to reinforce its governance arrangements and processes. The development 
of a new governance framework will be primarily aimed at developing and implementing a pervasive institution-
wide risk culture; for further information on the Issuer's system of rules, process and practice, see the "Description 
of the Issuer – Risk management " section.  This also includes the strengthening of the risk appetite framework of 
the Issuer and a new organisational structure with a view to achieving more robust risk, internal audit and 
compliance functions. Furthermore, a review of the risk management framework is intended to enhance further 
the internal control systems of the Issuer. 
The Issuer may fail to: (i) effectively implement such measures; (ii) implement such measures within the 
timeframes planned; or (iii) achieve the desired results. Potential ramifications of failures may include reprimands, 
remediation directives and administrative penalties. Such measures may have a monetary and reputational impact 
on the Issuer that may further impact the Issuer's credit rating, relationships with correspondent banks and other 
counterparts and business model. 
Furthermore, implementation of an institution-wide risk culture exercise may lead to loss of business which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's operational results, its financial condition and performance, and its 
future prospects. 
5. 
Risk relating to technological matters 
Risks relating to Information Technology ("IT") 
The Issuer depends on its IT systems to process a large number of transactions on an accurate and timely basis, 
and to store and process substantially all of the Issuer's business and operating data. The proper functioning of the 
Issuer's core client banking system, ATMs, online banking platform, mobile banking application, risk management 
tools, credit analysis and reporting, accounting, customer service and other IT systems, as well as the 
communication networks between its branches and main data processing centres, are critical to the Issuer's business 
and ability to compete effectively.  The Issuer's business activities would be materially disrupted if there were a 
partial or complete failure of any of these IT systems or communication networks. In addition, there can be no

--- Page 33 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 24 - 
70-41023232 
 
assurance that the Issuer's IT systems will, at all times, be able to support unexpected or extraordinary increases 
in online or mobile traffic or volumes. 
Such failures can be caused by a variety of factors, many of which are wholly or partially outside the Issuer's 
control including natural disasters, extended power outages and cyber security issues, ranging from computer 
viruses to third-party hacks.  The proper functioning of the Issuer's IT systems also depends on accurate and reliable 
data and other system inputs, which are subject to human errors, negligence and/or malicious behaviour. In 
addition, given the Issuer's high volume of transactions, errors may be repeated or compounded before they are 
discovered and rectified.  Furthermore, any failure or delay in recording or processing the Issuer's transaction data 
could subject the Issuer to claims for losses and regulatory fines and penalties. Any failure in the Issuer's IT systems 
could lead to the Issuer suffering reputational damage and a loss of clients and could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer's results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
Internet failure 
As the operations of the Group utilise and may be intrinsically dependent on the internet, their activities may 
become subject to an internet failure, disruption or other interruption. Such event may arise as a result of various 
factors that may be outside the control of the Group as a result of and without limitation to, natural disasters, 
electricity outages and/or technical malfunctions (which could be malicious, due to negligence or force majeure).  
If such failure, disruption or other interruption were to occur, even temporary, the activities of the Group could be 
interrupted for the period of time for which such event subsists, with such lack of access potentially adversely 
affecting the Group's financial performance and financial condition. 
Cyber-security risk 
The activities of the Group are reliant on the effectiveness of its cyber security programme and the continuous and 
proper functioning of its operating systems, including its IT systems and other technological arrangements.  The 
Group is susceptible to a variety of risks relating to the continuous and proper functioning of these systems, 
including, but not limited to, the risks of cyber-attacks (such as malware attacks, ransomware, phishing, hacking, 
or any other form or type of cyber-attack), data theft or other unauthorised use of data, errors, bugs, malfunctions, 
inadequate maintenance service levels, or other malicious interference with or disruptions to their systems. 
Should the Group's intrusion detection and anti-penetration software and controls not anticipate, prevent or 
effectively mitigate a network failure, attack or disruption, there could be a material adverse effect on the Group's 
operational results, financial performance and financial condition, and the Group may be exposed to claims for 
liability for damages suffered by its customers or other stakeholders.  In addition, to the extent that the Group is 
reliant upon technologies and operating systems (including IT systems and other technological arrangements) 
developed by third parties for the efficient running of its business, it will be exposed to the risk of failures, errors 
or other interruptions in such systems.  There can be no assurance that the maintenance and service level 
agreements and disaster recovery plans intended to ensure continuity and stability of these systems will prove 
effective in ensuring that the service or systems will not be disrupted. 
If any such risks were to materialise, the Group could experience material financial loss, loss of competitive 
position, regulatory actions, breach of client contracts, reputational harm or legal liability which, in turn, could 
cause a decline in the Issuer's earnings and the Issuer may be subject to litigation and financial losses that are either 
not fully insured or are not fully covered through any insurance the Issuer maintains.  Any failure in the Issuer's 
cyber-security policies, procedures or capabilities, or cyber-related crime, could lead to the Issuer suffering 
reputational damage and a loss of clients and could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's results of 
operations, financial condition or prospects. 
Information security risk 
Information security risk refers to the risk of loss caused by deliberate or accidental loss, alteration, falsification 
or leakage of information, or by destruction, disruption, errors or misuse of information systems. Loss or leakage 
of confidential information may lead to reputational damage, regulatory actions and breach of client contracts 
which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the reputation, operations and performance of the Issuer.

--- Page 34 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 25 - 
70-41023232 
 
Risks Relating to the Notes  
1. 
Risks Relating to the Structure of the Notes  
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in fixed rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent increases in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of fixed rate Notes. Investors holding the Notes may therefore receive a lower return than they 
would receive on other instruments and investors wishing to sell their Notes may consequently receive a lower 
price than they had paid for the Notes, or may not be able to sell their Notes at all. 
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the interest 
payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the First Reset Date. On 
the First Reset Date and each Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the 
applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the Reset Margin as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date (each such interest rate, a "Reset Rate of Interest"). The Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset 
Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods, which 
would result in the amount of any interest payments under such Reset Notes being lower than the interest payments 
prior to such Reset Date and so could affect the market value of an investment in such Reset Notes. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which 
are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented.   
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU. Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the 
provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the 
UK.  The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation or 
UK Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, 
any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability 
of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the ECB announced that it would be part of a 
new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as 
a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro 
area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term 
rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 
2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark 
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further 
reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as 
further described in Condition 7(m) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement – Benchmark 
Replacement), or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including 
Reset Notes or Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates reference or are linked to EURIBOR or any other such 
benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty 
as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect

--- Page 35 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 26 - 
70-41023232 
 
such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for 
securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark 
(including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor service)) becomes 
unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs. Such an event 
may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of Notes. Such fallback arrangements include 
the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that 
such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the 
recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the 
replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve 
this objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a 
lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply.  
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, being used. 
This may result in the effective application of (i) a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was 
last observed on the Relevant Screen Page or the rate applicable to the first Interest Period; or (ii) a fixed rate 
for Reset Notes based on the Rate of Interest for the previous Reset Period or the Initial Rate of Interest, as 
applicable.  
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates, the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions) in certain circumstances and the impact on 
the qualification of, or ability to count, the Notes as eligible liabilities or loss absorbing capacity instruments, the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the trading markets for such Notes, the liquidity 
of such Notes and/or the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") and €STR, 
as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop.  This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and 
the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, 
but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under this 
Programme.  The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA Compounded Index, 
or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued 
by it under this Programme.  The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free 
rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets.  Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in 
the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may 
put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate notes 
issued to date.  No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula 
in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance.  In addition, market participants 
and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including 
various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market's forward

--- Page 36 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 27 - 
70-41023232 
 
expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different 
measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the 
Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing 
indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which 
reference SONIA, €STR or any related indices.   
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects and 
have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), EURIBOR and other inter-bank 
offered rates in a number of material respects.  These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, in 
most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates, whereas such 
interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include 
a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave 
materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes.  
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, future 
performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. The level of 
such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed patterns, 
if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may change in the 
future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such 
risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, 
both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank 
offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as a result of a Winding-up 
Event under Condition 14 (Enforcement Events and Remedies), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which 
is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined 
by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and 
payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could change the value of 
SONIA or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA or €STR or any related index 
The Bank of England or the ECB (or their successors) as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded 
Index) or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of these 
risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such risk-free rate is calculated, 
eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or €STR, or timing related to the 
publication of SONIA or €STR or any related indices.  In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or 
suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA or €STR or any related index (in which case a fallback method of 
determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply).  The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests 
of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate.  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate either at the election of the Issuer or automatically on the date set out in the relevant 
Final Terms, in each case as provided in the relevant Final Terms. Such possibility to convert the interest basis 
and any conversion of the interest basis will affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes since 
the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the 
rate of interest is converted from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may 
be less favourable than the prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. 
In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the rate of interest is 
converted from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its other 
Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 28 - 
70-41023232 
 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be more difficult to trade and their prices may be more variable than Fixed Rate Notes, 
as there are no Interest Payment Dates on which interest is paid during the life of the Zero Coupon Notes. Zero 
Coupon Notes may also be more difficult to trade soon after they have been issued rather than nearer to their 
redemption date, as the returns on such Notes will be paid to investors only on their redemption date. 
2. 
Risks Relating to the Notes generally 
The ranking of the Notes may affect the amount of recovery (if any) a Noteholder may expect to receive in a 
winding-up of the Issuer  
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. On a winding-
up of the Issuer, all claims in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes will rank pari passu with all other present and 
future Ordinary Unsecured Claims and junior to Preferred Claims, such as, but not limited to, covered and preferred 
deposits.  
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. On a 
winding-up of the Issuer, all claims in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank pari passu with all 
other present and future Secondary Unsecured Claims and junior to all Preferred Claims and Ordinary Unsecured 
Claims (including any Senior Preferred Notes). 
The Tier 2 Notes will constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. On a winding-up of the 
Issuer, provided that the Tier 2 Notes qualify (in whole or in part) as Tier 2 Instruments, all claims in respect of 
such Tier 2 Notes will rank at least pari passu with all other present and future Tier 2 Claims and junior to all 
Preferred Claims, Ordinary Unsecured Claims, Secondary Unsecured Claims and Senior Subordinated Claims. 
If, on a winding-up of the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay in full the 
claims of more senior-ranking creditors, Holders will lose their entire investment in the Notes. If there are sufficient 
assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of senior-ranking creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to 
pay claims in respect of its obligations in respect of the Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the 
Notes, Holders will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in the Notes. Accordingly, 
Holders of Tier 2 Notes would lose their entire investment before losses are imposed on Holders of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes. In turn, Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes would lose their entire 
investment before losses are imposed on Holders of Senior Preferred Notes and Holders of Senior Preferred Notes 
would lose their entire investment before losses are imposed on creditors in respect of Preferred Claims. 
The ranking of Notes in a winding-up of the Issuer can also be expected to have a direct impact on the relative 
losses imposed on Noteholders in a resolution of the Issuer, as such resolution powers, if used, are generally 
expected to be applied in a manner that respects the hierarchy of claims in an ordinary insolvency. Accordingly, 
the actual or anticipated exercise of any of these actions in relation to the Issuer or any Notes could materially 
adversely affect the value of any Notes and/or the rights of Noteholders. See also " — The European recovery and 
resolution regime is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and 
investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. The taking of any such actions (or the perception that the 
taking of any such action may occur) could materially adversely affect the value of the Notes and/or the rights of 
Holders" below. 
Moreover, pursuant to the Maltese implementation of Article 48(7) of BRRD through the Recovery and Resolution 
Regulations, all claims resulting from own funds items of relevant institutions (such as the Issuer) are to rank lower 
than any claim that does not result from an own funds item. Therefore, the implementation of Article 48(7) of the 
BRRD in Malta may affect the amount of recovery (if any) a Holder of Tier 2 Notes may expect to receive in a 
winding-up or resolution of the Issuer. It is expected that, in certain circumstances, this may have an impact on the 
effective ranking of own funds instruments, such as the Tier 2 Notes. For example, if any own funds instruments 
issued by the Issuer, such as Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments (including any Tier 2 Notes), 
cease in full to be eligible to qualify as own funds instruments of the Issuer, the ranking of such disqualified 
instruments is likely to be adjusted so that such disqualified instruments would rank ahead of any instruments 
which continue to qualify as own funds in whole or in part (such as any Tier 2 Notes, as the case may be). In such 
circumstances, if the Issuer is wound-up or resolved, the claims of Holders of Tier 2 Notes which qualify (in whole 
or in part) as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer may be subordinated to claims of holders of such disqualified instruments

--- Page 38 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 29 - 
70-41023232 
 
(if any), and accordingly any recovery of amounts in respect of such qualifying Tier 2 Notes in a winding-up or 
resolution of the Issuer may be adversely affected. 
The European recovery and resolution regime is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation 
to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. The taking of any such actions (or 
the perception that the taking of any such action may occur) could materially adversely affect the value of the 
Notes and/or the rights of Holders 
BRRD and Maltese implementation 
The BRRD establishes a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and certain investment 
firms. The BRRD is designed to provide resolution authorities with early intervention powers to intervene 
sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution. In addition, once it is determined that an 
institution is failing or likely to fail, the BRRD gives resolution authorities powers and tools intended to ensure 
the continuity of critical functions, to safeguard the resolution objectives and to manage the failure of an institution 
in an orderly manner if deemed to be in the public interest. As part of the BRRD regime, institutions are required 
to prepare recovery plans and resolution authorities should prepare resolution plans in respect of the institutions 
within their remit of authority.  
Normal insolvency proceedings are the default outcome in the event of a bank failure, unless the resolution 
authorities consider that resolution action is feasible and credible in the circumstances. Before deciding whether 
or not to take resolution action, a Public Interest Assessment (the "PIA") needs to be carried out by the resolution 
authorities in order to analyse the feasibility of winding up a bank under normal insolvency proceedings as well 
as to assess the feasibility of any foreseen resolution action. The PIA builds on the preliminary public interest 
assessment carried out during the resolution planning phase and is specific to each case, as it considers the national 
insolvency proceedings and the preferred resolution strategy that would be applied to the relative entity should it 
be resolved. 
The Recovery and Resolution Regulations transposed into Maltese law the provisions of the BRRD. The Recovery 
and Resolution Regulations were amended by the Recovery and Resolution (Amendment) Regulations, 2021 
(Legal Notice 6 of 2021) in order to transpose the provisions of Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending BRRD. The Recovery and Resolution Regulations and 
the BRRD shall together be referred to as the "Resolution Legislation". 
Pursuant to Article 7B of the Malta Financial Services Authority Act (Chapter 345 of the laws of Malta), (the 
"MFSA Act") the Board of Governors of the MFSA acts as the local resolution authority for the purposes of 
Article 3 of the BRRD.  The local resolution authority has appointed a Resolution Committee (as defined in the 
Conditions) which shall have all the powers assigned to the local resolution authority under the BRRD and whose 
composition, powers and functions are governed by provisions set out in the First Schedule to the MFSA Act and 
the Recovery and Resolution Regulations. 
Substantial powers are granted to the Resolution Committee under the Resolution Legislation. These powers 
enable the Resolution Committee to implement various resolution measures (including, but not limited to, the bail-
in tool) with respect to a Maltese bank or investment firm and certain of its affiliates (including the Issuer) (each 
a "relevant entity") in circumstances in which the Resolution Committee is satisfied that the relevant resolution 
conditions are met. These powers include the following resolution tools: (i) the sale of business tool: enabling the 
Resolution Committee to direct the sale of the relevant financial institution or the whole or part of its business on 
commercial terms without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying with the procedural requirements 
that would otherwise apply, (ii) the bridge institution tool: providing for a temporary bridge institution to continue 
providing essential services to clients of the institution under resolution, (iii) the asset separation tool: providing 
for the transfer of impaired or problem assets of the relevant financial institution to a separate asset management 
vehicle to allow them to be managed over time and (iv) the bail-in tool: ensuring that most unsecured creditors 
bear losses and bail-in the entity under resolution.  
The Resolution Legislation, when read in conjunction with other applicable Maltese laws, also provides for 
additional insolvency procedures for relevant entities. In addition, the Resolution Legislation provides for certain 
ancillary powers, such as the power to modify contractual arrangements in certain circumstances (which could 
include a variation of the terms of the Notes), powers to impose temporary suspension of payments and powers to 
suspend enforcement or termination rights that might be invoked as a result of the exercise of the resolution powers.

--- Page 39 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 30 - 
70-41023232 
 
Holders should assume that, in a resolution situation, financial public support will only be available to a relevant 
entity as a last resort after the Resolution Committee has assessed and used, to the maximum extent practicable, 
the resolution tools, including the bail-in tool. 
The exercise of any resolution power or any suggestion of any such exercise could materially adversely affect the 
value of any Notes and could lead to Holders losing some or all of the value of their investment in the Notes. 
Resolution powers to be triggered prior to insolvency, may not be anticipated and Holders may have only limited 
rights to challenge them 
The resolution powers conferred by the Resolution Legislation are intended to be used prior to the point at which 
any insolvency proceedings with respect to the relevant entity could have been initiated. The purpose of the 
resolution powers is to address the situation where all or part of a business of a relevant entity has encountered, or 
is likely to encounter, financial difficulties, giving rise to wider public interest concerns. 
Pursuant to the Resolution Legislation, the Resolution Committee may intervene using one or more resolution 
tools in the event that it determines that: (a) a bank is failing or likely to fail; (b) no other private sector intervention 
or supervisory action including early intervention measures or the write down or conversion of relevant capital 
instruments would prevent the failure of a bank within a reasonable time frame; and (c) a resolution action is in 
the public interest. 
Although the Resolution Legislation provides specific conditions to the exercise of any resolution powers and, 
furthermore, the European Banking Authority's guidelines published in May 2015 set out the objective elements 
for the resolution authorities to apply in determining whether an institution is failing or likely to fail, it is uncertain 
how the Resolution Committee would assess such conditions in any particular pre-insolvency scenario affecting 
the Issuer and/or the Group and in deciding whether to exercise a resolution power. 
The Resolution Committee is not required to provide any advance notice to Holders of its decision to exercise any 
resolution power. Therefore, Holders may not be able to anticipate a potential exercise of any such powers nor the 
potential effect of any exercise of such powers on the Issuer, the Group and/or the Notes. 
Furthermore, Holders may have only limited rights to challenge and/or seek a suspension of any decision of the 
Resolution Committee to exercise its resolution powers (including the bail-in tool) or to have that decision 
reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or otherwise. 
The Resolution Committee may exercise the bail-in tool in respect of the Issuer and the Notes, which may result 
in Holders losing some or all of their investment. 
One of the resolution tools granted to the Resolution Committee under the Resolution Legislation is the bail-in 
tool, which gives the Resolution Committee the power to cancel all or a portion of the principal amount of, or 
interest on, certain unsecured liabilities (such as the Notes) of a failing financial institution and/or to convert such 
liabilities into another security, including equity instruments of the surviving entity, if any or another person.  
The bail-in tool can be used to meet the resolution objectives specified in the Resolution Legislation (a) to 
recapitalise an institution that meets the conditions for resolution to the extent sufficient to restore its ability to 
comply with the conditions for obtaining a licence and (b) to continue to carry out the activities for which it is 
licensed under the CRD and to sustain sufficient market confidence in the institution and (c) to convert to equity 
or reduce the principal amount of claims or debt instruments that are transferred: (i) to a bridge institution with a 
view to providing capital for that bridge institution; or (ii) under the sale of business tool or the asset separation 
tool. The Resolution Committee may apply the bail-in tool for the purpose referred to (a) only if there is a 
reasonable prospect that the application of that tool together with other relevant measures will, in addition to 
achieving relevant resolution objectives, restore the institution to financial soundness and long-term viability. 
Where the relevant statutory conditions for use of the bail-in tool have been met, the Resolution Committee would 
be expected to exercise these powers without the consent of the Holders. Any such exercise of the bail-in tool in 
respect of the Issuer and the Notes may result in the cancellation of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, 
interest on, or any other amounts payable on, the Notes and/or the conversion of the Notes into shares or other 
Notes or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, or any other modification or variation to the terms of 
the Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 31 - 
70-41023232 
 
The Resolution Legislation specifies the order in which the bail-in tool should be applied, reflecting the hierarchy 
of capital instruments under the CRR and otherwise respecting the hierarchy of claims in an ordinary insolvency 
pursuant to the Ranking Legislation.  
The exercise of the bail-in tool in respect of the Issuer and the Notes or any suggestion of any such exercise could 
materially adversely affect the rights of the Holders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes and could lead to Holders losing some or all of the 
value of their investment in such Notes. The bail-in tool contains an express safeguard (known as 'no creditor 
worse off') with the aim that shareholders and creditors do not receive a less favourable treatment than they would 
have received in ordinary insolvency proceedings. However, even in circumstances where a claim for 
compensation is established under the 'no creditor worse off' safeguard in accordance with a valuation performed 
after the resolution action has been taken, it is unlikely that such compensation would be equivalent to the full 
losses incurred by the Holders in the resolution and there can be no assurance that Holders would recover such 
compensation promptly. 
Single Resolution Mechanism 
The BRRD is complemented by the directly binding SRM Regulation (as defined in the Conditions), establishing 
uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the 
framework of the SRM and a single resolution fund, which has applied since 1 January 2016 and was amended by 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 (applicable since 28 December 2020). 
Since 4 November 2014, the ECB has assumed supervisory tasks and responsibilities within the framework of the 
SSM adopted by the European Union in 2013 with respect to credit institutions established in the Euro-zone or in 
non-Euro-zone countries that elect to participate in the SSM. 
The SRM Regulation applies to entities covered by the SSM. According to the selection criteria of the ECB, the 
Group, including the Issuer, are currently subject to the SRM Regulation as a primary recovery and resolution 
code instead of the Maltese implementation measures relating to the BRRD. 
The SRM Regulation establishes the Single Resolution Board or the SRB (as defined in the Conditions), as the 
central resolution authority, having resolution powers over the institutions that are subject to the SRM Regulation 
and, together with the relevant national authorities, forms the SRM. Decision-making is centralised with the SRB 
working closely with the European Commission, the ECB, the EBA and national resolution authorities. 
The SRB (together with the relevant national resolution authorities) draws up and adopts a resolution plan for the 
entities subject to its powers. In the case of the Group, this is drawn up by the SRB together with the Resolution 
Committee. The SRB also determines, after consultation with competent authorities, the MREL requirement 
specific for each institution. The SRB may use the powers of early intervention as set forth in the SRM Regulation, 
including the power to require an institution to contact potential purchasers in order to prepare for resolution of 
institution.  
The SRB has the authority to exercise the specific resolution powers pursuant to the SRM similar to those of the 
national authorities under the BRRD. The resolution tools available for the SRB include the sale of business tool, 
the bridge institution tool, the asset separation tool and the bail-in tool. In addition, the SRB may exercise the 
'write-down and conversion power' in respect of capital instruments and eligible liabilities. Therefore, the 
description of the resolution tools, powers and related risks for Holders under "BRRD and Maltese 
implementation", "Resolution powers to be triggered prior to insolvency, may not be anticipated and Holders may 
have only limited rights to challenge them" and "The Resolution Committee may exercise the bail-in tool in respect 
of the Issuer and the Notes, which may result in Holders losing some or all of their investment" above should be 
read mutatis mutandis in respect of the tools and powers available to the SRB under the SRM and the related risks 
for Holders. The SRB is also granted the authority to instruct the relevant national resolution authorities within the 
SRM to use the same resolution tools in respect of an entity subject to the SRM. 
The Notes rank junior to, amongst others, preferred deposits in the insolvency hierarchy 
As part of the reforms required by BRRD, amendments have been made to relevant legislation in Malta to establish 
a preference in the ordinary insolvency hierarchy, firstly and ranking pari passu, (a) covered depositors, (b) the 
Maltese depositor compensation scheme (the "Scheme") subrogating to the rights and obligations of covered 
depositors in insolvency and in relation to contributions due to the Scheme by the institution and (c) the resolution 
fund under the Recovery and Resolution Regulations in relation to contributions due by the institution and,

--- Page 41 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 32 - 
70-41023232 
 
secondly, for all other deposits of individuals and micro, small and medium-sized enterprises held in EEA or non-
EEA branches of an EEA bank. In addition, the new deposit guarantee scheme directive, which has been 
implemented into national law and entered into force in Malta in 2019, increased the volume of deposits that are 
covered (and thus preferred) to include a wide range of deposits, including all corporate deposits (unless the 
depositor is a public sector body or financial institution) and some temporary high value deposits. Therefore, these 
preferred deposits, the Scheme and the resolution fund (as described above) will rank ahead of the Noteholders in 
the insolvency hierarchy. Furthermore, covered deposits are excluded from the scope of the bail-in powers. 
Holders agree to be bound by the exercise of any Bail-in Powers by the Resolution Authority 
In recognition of the resolution powers granted by law to the Resolution Authority (as defined in the Conditions), 
by acquiring the Notes, each Holder acknowledges and accepts that the Amounts Due (as defined in the 
Conditions) arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Bail-in Powers by the Resolution 
Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in 
Power, that may result in (i) the reduction, in full or a portion, of the Amounts Due in respect of the Notes; (ii) the 
conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on the Notes into shares or other securities or other obligations 
of the Issuer or another person and the issue to, or conferral on, it of such shares, securities or obligations, (iii) the 
cancellation of the Notes; (iv) amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount 
of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment 
for a temporary period. Each Holder further acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by the 
variation of the terms of the Notes, if necessary, to give effect to the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution 
Authority. 
The recovery plans and/or resolution plans could impact market perceptions of the Issuer and/or the Group 
and in turn affect the value of the Notes  
The BRRD, the SRMR and the Recovery and Resolution Regulations contain requirements relating to recovery 
and resolution plans, early supervisory interventions and the resolution of firms (including the bail-in tool). The 
recovery plans and/or resolution plans may affect the way in which the Issuer and/or the Group is perceived by the 
market, which in turn may affect the value of the Notes. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
In the event that, as a result of a change in law or regulation, the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts 
payable in respect of any payment of interest on the Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Malta or any political subdivision thereof or 
any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, and such obligation cannot be avoided by reasonable 
measures, subject to certain conditions (including the permission of the Resolution Authority), the Issuer may 
redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. Furthermore, subject to certain conditions 
(including the permission of the Relevant Authority), the Issuer may be entitled to redeem the Notes if the tax 
treatment for the Issuer in respect of the Notes is negatively altered after their issue date or upon the occurrence 
of certain regulatory events relating to the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or 
loss absorbing capacity instruments (defined as an MREL Disqualification Event) in the case of Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes or upon the occurrence of certain regulatory capital events (defined as 
Capital Disqualification Event), in the case of the Tier 2 Notes, all in accordance with the Conditions. 
In addition, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the Final Terms specify that the Notes are redeemable 
at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances and accordingly, subject to certain conditions (including the 
permission of the Relevant Authority), the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest 
rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the Notes and may only be able to do so at 
a significantly lower rate. An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During 
any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
Furthermore, Noteholders will have no right to request the redemption of the Notes and should not invest in the 
Notes in the expectation that the Issuer would exercise its option to redeem the Notes. Any decision by the Issuer 
as to whether it will exercise its option to redeem the Notes will be taken at the absolute discretion of the Issuer 
with regard to factors such as, but not limited to, the economic impact of exercising such option to redeem the

--- Page 42 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 33 - 
70-41023232 
 
Notes, any tax consequences, the regulatory requirements and the prevailing market conditions. Noteholders 
should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Notes until maturity. 
The Issuer may substitute the Notes or vary their terms without Noteholder consent 
Subject to certain conditions, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, an MREL Disqualification Event (in the case 
of any Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or a Capital Disqualification Event (in the case of 
any Tier 2 Notes), or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Agreement and 
Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power), the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, at any time (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders), either substitute all 
(but not some only) of the relevant Notes for, or vary the terms of the relevant Notes so that, in either case, they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes, Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Qualifying Tier 2 Notes, as applicable, and in either case may change the governing law of Condition 23 
(Governing law and Jurisdiction) from English law to Maltese law; provided however that such substitution or 
variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied notes that are 
inconsistent with the redemption provisions of such Notes. In the case of a substitution or variation of the terms of 
the Notes (other than in respect of any provisions to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 
(Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power), while the new substituted or 
varied notes must have terms that are not materially less favourable to an investor than the Notes, there can be no 
assurance that, whether due to the particular circumstances of each Holder or otherwise, such substituted or varied 
notes will be as favourable to such Holder in all respects. 
If any substitution or variation of any Notes were to be effected in order to address any actual or perceived 
ineffectiveness of Condition 24 (Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power) 
regarding statutory resolution powers, there is no assurance that such substitution or variation would be viewed by 
the market as being equally favourable to Noteholders. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding 
such substituted or varied Notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty 
consequences for them of holding such Notes prior to such substitution or variation. There can also be no assurance 
that such Notes will trade at prices that are equal to the prices at which the Notes would have traded on the basis 
of their original terms. 
Holders will have limited remedies  
Payment of principal and accrued but unpaid interest on any Note may be accelerated only in the case of a Winding-
up Event. Under the terms of the Notes, a Winding-up Event results if (i) a resolution is adopted for the dissolution 
and consequential winding-up of the Issuer; (ii) a court of competent jurisdiction in the Republic of Malta (or such 
other jurisdiction in which the Issuer may be organised) makes an order for the dissolution and consequential 
winding-up of the Issuer, in each case, other than under or in connection with a reconstruction, merger or recovery 
of the Issuer not involving insolvency, including in terms of Articles 327 to 329 both inclusive and Article 329B 
of the Companies Act (Chapter 386 of the laws of Malta); or (iii) an order for liquidation is made by the applicable 
competent authority in respect of the Issuer under the Controlled Companies (Procedure for Liquidation) Act 
(Chapter 383 of the laws of Malta). There is no right of acceleration in the case of non-payment of principal or 
interest on the Notes or of the Issuer's failure to perform any of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes. 
The sole remedy against the Issuer available for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any non-payment of any 
amount that has become due and payable under any Notes is, subject to certain conditions, for the relevant Holder 
to institute proceedings in Malta (or such other jurisdiction in which the Issuer may be organised) (but not 
elsewhere) for the winding-up of the Issuer and/or prove in the winding-up of the Issuer. 
Subject to prior notice, any Holder may institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce 
any term, obligation or condition binding on the Issuer under the Notes or the Deed of Covenant (other than any 
payment obligation of the Issuer under or arising from the Notes or the Deed of Covenant, including, without 
limitation, payment of any principal or interest), provided always that the Holders may not enforce, and may not 
be entitled to enforce or otherwise claim, against the Issuer any judgment or other award given in such proceedings 
that requires the payment of money by the Issuer, whether by way of damages or otherwise (a "Monetary 
Judgment"), except by proving such Monetary Judgment in a winding-up of the Issuer. 
The remedies under the Notes are more limited than those typically available to the Issuer's other unsubordinated 
creditors.

--- Page 43 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 34 - 
70-41023232 
 
Waiver of set-off 
Holders of any Notes waive any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim in relation to such Notes. Therefore, 
Holders will not be entitled to set-off, or apply netting to, the Issuer's obligations under such Notes against 
obligations owed by them to the Issuer. Holders may be required to initiate separate proceedings to recover 
amounts in respect of any counterclaim and may receive a lower recovery in the event of a winding-up of the 
Issuer than if set-off, netting or counterclaim were permitted. 
Limited gross-up obligation  
Pursuant to the Conditions, the Issuer's obligation to pay additional amounts on the Notes in respect of any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of Maltese taxes applies only to payments of interest on the Notes and 
not to payments of principal (which term, for these purposes, includes any premium, Redemption Amount and any 
other amount in the nature of principal payable in respect of the Notes). As such, the Issuer would not be required 
to pay any additional amounts to the extent any withholding or deduction for or on account of Maltese taxes is 
applied to payments of principal.  
Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal in respect of any 
Notes, Noteholders shall only be entitled to the net amount of such payment after deduction of the amount required 
to be withheld or deducted. The market value of such Notes may be adversely affected as a result. 
Changes in law may adversely affect the rights of Holders and the market value of the Notes  
The Conditions are based on English law, save for Condition 4 (Status) and Condition 24 (Agreement and 
Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power) which are based on Maltese law, in each case, 
in effect as at the Issue Date. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change 
to English or Maltese law or administrative practice after the Issue Date. Such changes in law may include changes 
in statutory, tax and regulatory regimes during the life of the Notes, which may have an adverse effect on an 
investment in the Notes. 
In particular, the ranking of the Notes is subject to the Ranking Legislation. The Ranking Legislation may be 
amended over time or interpreted in a manner, which could affect the ranking of Notes (relative both to other Notes 
issued under the Programme and/or to other liabilities issued by the Issuer). 
In addition, any change in law or regulation that triggers a Tax Event, an MREL Disqualification Event or Capital 
Disqualification Event, as the case may be, would entitle the Issuer, at its option (subject to certain conditions), to 
redeem, substitute or vary the Notes, in whole but not in part, as provided in Condition 10 (Redemption, Purchase, 
Substitution or Variation).  
Such legislative and regulatory uncertainty could also affect an investor's ability to accurately value the Notes and, 
therefore, affect the trading price of the Notes given the extent and impact on the Notes that one or more regulatory 
or legislative changes, including those described above, could have on the Notes. 
The financial services industry has been and continues to be the focus of significant regulatory change and scrutiny 
which may adversely affect the Group's business, financial performance, capital and risk management strategies - 
see "Risks relating to the Issuer– Legal and regulatory risks" above. Such regulatory changes may include higher 
capital and additional loss absorbency requirements and increased powers of competent authorities. Such changes, 
and the resulting actions taken to address such regulatory changes, may have an adverse impact on the Group's, 
and therefore the Issuer's performance and financial condition. It is not yet possible to predict the detail of such 
legislation or regulatory rulemaking or the ultimate consequences to the Group or the Holders, which could be 
material to the rights of Holders and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
There is no restriction on the amount or type of further notes or indebtedness that the Issuer or its subsidiaries 
may issue, incur or guarantee 
The Conditions contain no restriction or limit on the amount or type of further notes or indebtedness that the Issuer 
or its subsidiaries may issue, incur or guarantee, as the case may be, that rank senior to, or pari passu with, the 
Notes. The issue or guaranteeing of any such further notes or indebtedness may reduce the amount recoverable by 
Holders on a liquidation or winding-up of the Issuer and may limit the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under 
the Notes. In addition, the Notes do not contain any restriction on the Issuer issuing notes that may have preferential 
rights to the Notes or notes with similar or different provisions to those described herein.

--- Page 44 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 35 - 
70-41023232 
 
Credit Rating may not reflect all risks 
The Notes to be issued under the Programme have been rated by Fitch. In addition, one or more independent credit 
rating agencies may assign credit rating to an issue of Notes. The rating may not reflect the potential impact of all 
risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, and other factors that may affect the 
value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
(2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. Similarly, in general, UK regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Modifications and waivers  
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Subject to and in accordance with Condition 7(m) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement - 
Benchmark Replacement) certain changes may be made to the interest calculation of Reset Notes, Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes, without the consent of the Noteholders. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that the terms of the Notes, the Conditions or the Agency Agreement may be modified, 
waived or amended in circumstances where a Noteholder does not agree to such modification, waiver or 
amendment, which may adversely impact the rights of such Noteholder. 
Notes with integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified Denomination 
plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts 
in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of the minimum Specified 
Denomination. Noteholders who, as a result of trading such amounts, hold a principal amount of Notes other than 
a multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination will receive definitive Notes in respect of their holding 
(provided that the aggregate amount of Notes they hold is in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination), 
however, any such definitive Notes which are printed in denominations other than the minimum Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. Furthermore, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination may not receive a definitive 
Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount 
of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, holders of the 
Notes will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer  
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Bearer Notes or Global Registered 
Notes (together the "Global Notes") (as the case may be).  Such Global Notes will be deposited with a common 
depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Except in the 
circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, holders of the Notes will not be entitled to receive definitive 
Notes or, in the case of Global Registered Notes, Individual Note Certificates.  Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes.  While the Notes are represented 
by one or more Global Notes, holders of the Notes will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their participants.   
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations 
under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders.  A holder of a beneficial interest

--- Page 45 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 36 - 
70-41023232 
 
in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments 
under the relevant Notes.  The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made 
in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes.   
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Notes.  Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies.  Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the Global 
Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event 
of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant.   
3. 
Risks relating to the market generally 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
The Notes are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently no active trading 
market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single 
series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued).  Although applications have been made for the Notes to 
be admitted to the official list and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin there can be no assurance 
that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted, or that an active 
trading market will develop or, if developed, that it will continue. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their 
Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market.  Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. If the 
Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending 
upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial 
condition of the Issuer.  
The trading market for debt securities may be volatile and may be adversely impacted by many events 
The market for debt securities issued by the Issuer is influenced by economic, political and market 
conditions and, to varying degrees, market conditions, interest rates, currency exchange rates and inflation rates. 
If the secondary market for the Notes is limited, there may be few buyers and this may reduce the relevant 
market price of the Notes. There can be no assurance that events in the Republic of Malta or elsewhere will 
not cause market volatility or that such volatility will not adversely affect the price of Notes or that economic and 
market conditions will not have any other adverse effect on the Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, it will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms (the 
"Specified Currency"). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due 
to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities 
with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease: (1) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes; (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes; 
and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Note. 
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 46 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 37 - 
70-41023232 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the Issuer's 2022 Half Yearly Report in full (the "2022 Half Yearly Report"), including the unaudited 
condensed interim financial statements, the auditors' review report thereon and notes thereto set out on 
pages 5 to 27 in respect of the period ended 30 June 2022, which can be viewed at: 
https://www.bov.com/documents/interim-results-fy2022;  
2. 
the Issuer's 2021 Annual Report in full (the "2021 Annual Report"), including the audited consolidated 
financial statements, the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto set out on pages 44 to 164 in respect of 
the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2021, 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
at: 
https://www.bov.com/documents/bov-annual-report-2021;  
3. 
the Issuer's 2021 Half Yearly Report in full (the "2021 Half Yearly Report"), including the unaudited 
condensed interim financial statements, the auditors' review report thereon and notes thereto set out on 
pages 6 to 20 in respect of the period ended 30 June 2021, which can be viewed at: 
https://www.bov.com/documents/interim-results-fy2021;  
4. 
the Issuer's 2020 Annual Report in full (the "2020 Annual Report"), including the audited consolidated 
financial statements, the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto set out on pages 38 to 144 in respect of 
the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2020, 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
at: 
https://www.bov.com/documents/annual-report-fy2020. 
5. 
the Issuer's 2020 Half Yearly Report in full (the "2020 Half Yearly Report"), including the unaudited 
condensed interim financial statements, the auditors' review report thereon and notes thereto set out on 
pages 2 to 16 in respect of the period ended 30 June 2020, which can be viewed at: 
https://www.bov.com/documents/interim-results-fy2020; and 
6. 
the Issuer's 2019 Annual Report in full (the "2019 Annual Report"), including the audited consolidated 
financial statements, the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto set out on pages 68 to 172 in respect of 
the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2019, 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
at: 
https://www.bov.com/documents/bov-annual-result---2019. 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer and also at https://www.bov.com/ 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which is not 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this base prospectus, information contained 
on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Supplements 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by 
the CBI in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to supersede statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 47 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 38 - 
70-41023232 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the necessary 
information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes and the 
reasons for the issuance and its impact on the issuer.  In relation to the different types of Notes which may be 
issued under the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except 
for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only 
be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order 
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant 
Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus.   
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that Tranche 
only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus.  The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions 
described in the relevant Final Terms as supplemented to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each 
reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be 
read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.   
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes or (2) by a registration document (the "Registration 
Document") containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer, a securities note (the "Securities Note") 
containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a summary note.

--- Page 48 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 39 - 
70-41023232 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered form, 
without interest coupons attached. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation 
S and Registered Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on the exemption from registration 
provided by Regulation S. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a temporary global 
note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in 
bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.  Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") 
which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will 
be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in 
NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the ECB announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the "Standards for the use 
of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the 
"Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that 
arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 
2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 
31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that 
the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a 
maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable.  
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused.  In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes 
cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note, duly 
authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case 
of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with 
its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global Note 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, that in no

--- Page 49 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 40 - 
70-41023232 
 
circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial 
principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has requested exchange 
of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of 
the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant). 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes") in the limited 
circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note, these being if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
a Winding-up Event as defined in Condition 14 (Enforcement Events and Remedies) occurs and 
the Notes become due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against 
the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global Note 
representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on 
the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the date on 
which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant).

--- Page 50 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 41 - 
70-41023232 
 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules or 
the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on 
the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date 
(in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant).  
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note, these being if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business; or  
(ii) 
a Winding-up Event as defined in Condition 14 (Enforcement Events and Remedies) occurs and 
the Notes become due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against 
the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange.

--- Page 51 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 42 - 
70-41023232 
 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on 
the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date 
((b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of 
Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent 
Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have 
been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note became void, they had 
been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the 
terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant 
Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the 
Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following 
effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes"), will be represented by either individual note 
certificates in registered form ("Individual Note Certificates") or a global note in registered form (a "Global 
Registered Note"), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt securities 
and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed the new holding 
structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in cooperation with market 
participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the "New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS") would 
be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" 
of the Eurosystem, subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements.  The press release 
also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in global registered form issued

--- Page 52 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 43 - 
70-41023232 
 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in 
Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping Structure is used.  
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Registered Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Registered Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their 
life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will 
be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance with 
its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of 
a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will 
at all times be represented by Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of their respective 
holdings. 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which will 
be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates in the limited circumstances described 
in the Global Registered Note, these being if either of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
if Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business; or 
(b) 
a Winding-up Event (as defined in Condition 14 (Enforcement Events and Remedies) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable.  
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall procure 
that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of 
the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such 
Individual Note Certificates against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the specified office of the 
Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions the Agency Agreement and the regulations 
concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement and, in particular, shall be 
effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any 
tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in accordance with the 
terms of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such

--- Page 53 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 44 - 
70-41023232 
 
due date (in the case of (b) above) and the holder of the Global Registered Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Global Registered Note or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant.  Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global 
Registered Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights (the "Direct Rights") to which they would 
have been entitled if, immediately before the Global Registered Note became void, they had been the holders of 
Individual Note Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were 
shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. 
The Direct Rights shall be without prejudice to the rights which the Holder of the Global Registered Note may 
have under the Global Registered Note or otherwise. Payment to the Holder of the Global Registered Note in 
respect of any Notes represented by the Global Registered Note shall constitute a discharge of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes and the Deed of Covenant to the extent of any such payment and nothing in the Deed 
of Covenant shall oblige the Issuer to make any payment under the Notes to or to the order of any person other 
than the Holder of the Global Registered Note. 
As a condition of any exercise of Direct Rights by an Accountholder (as defined under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form"), such Accountholder shall, as soon as practicable, give notice of such 
exercise to the Holders of the Notes of the same Series in the manner provided for in the Conditions or the Global 
Registered Note for notices to be given by the Issuer to Noteholders.  
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual Note 
Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below 
and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 54 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 45 - 
70-41023232 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be 
endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of Notes which 
are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend 
or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or 
regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may supplement, amend or replace any information 
in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction  
(a) 
Programme: Bank of Valletta p.l.c. (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €500,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the 
"Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each, a "Series") and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each, a "Tranche") of Notes.  Each Tranche is the subject of a final 
terms (the "Final Terms") which supplements these terms and conditions (the "Conditions").  The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as supplemented, 
amended and/or replaced by the relevant Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between these 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement:  The Notes are the subject of a fiscal agency agreement dated 15 September 2022 (the 
"Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as fiscal agent 
(the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch as registrar (the 
"Registrar", which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection 
with the Notes) and the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", 
which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes), the transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer 
Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional transfer agents appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes).  In these Conditions, references to the "Agents" are to the Paying 
Agents and the Transfer Agents and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them. 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant:  The Note may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or in registered form 
("Registered Notes").  Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 15 September 2022 
(the "Deed of Covenant"). 
(e) 
The Notes:  All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the subject 
of the relevant Final Terms.  
(f) 
Summaries:  Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and the 
Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions.  The holders of the Notes (the 
"Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and the 
"Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed 
of Covenant are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified 
Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions:  In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series) 
as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org);

--- Page 55 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 46 - 
70-41023232 
 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as 
defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche 
of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s) " means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Additional Financial Centre(s) " means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Tier 1 Instruments" means Additional Tier 1 instruments for the purposes of the Ranking 
Legislation and/or the Recovery and Resolution Regulations;  
"Bail-in Power" has the meaning given in Condition 24 (Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect 
to the Exercise of Bail-in Power); 
"BRRD" has the meaning given in Condition 24 (Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the 
Exercise of Bail-in Power); 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different 
dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the 
calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business

--- Page 56 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 47 -
70-41023232 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e)
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any
Business Day Convention;
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Capital Disqualification Event" means a change in the regulatory classification of any Tier 2 Notes that 
occurs on or after the Issue Date of the latest Tranche of such Series of Tier 2 Notes and that does, or 
would be likely to, result in the whole or any part of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of such 
Tier 2 Notes at any time being excluded from or ceasing to count towards, the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
and/or the Group; 
"Capital Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, delegated or implementing acts, 
requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to capital adequacy of the Competent 
Authority, the Republic of Malta and/or any other national or European authority then in effect in the 
Republic of Malta and applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group (whether such laws, regulations, delegated 
or implementing acts, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies are applied generally or 
specifically to the Issuer or the Group), including CRD; 
"Common Equity Tier 1 Instruments" means Common Equity Tier 1 instruments for the purposes of 
the Ranking Legislation and/or the Recovery and Resolution Regulations; 
"Competent Authority" means the European Central Bank in conjunction with the Malta Financial 
Services Authority and/or any successor thereto or such other authority or authorities having primary 
responsibility for the prudential supervision of the Issuer and/or the Group at the relevant time; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"CRD" means the legislative package consisting of the CRD Directive and the CRD Regulation; 
"CRD Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms as amended or replaced from time to time (including as amended by Directive (EU) 
2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019); 
"CRD Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019); 
"DA Selected Bond" means the government security or securities selected by the Determination Agent 
as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the Remaining Term of the Notes, that would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in determining 
the redemption price of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and with 
a comparable remaining maturity to the Remaining Term of the Notes; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a)
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means:
(i)
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which
it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1)
the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods
in any year; and

--- Page 57 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 48 - 
70-41023232 
 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30";  
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;

--- Page 58 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 49 - 
70-41023232 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
)
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
"Determination Agent" means an independent adviser, investment bank or financial institution of 
recognised standing selected by the Issuer; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Capital Disqualification)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms;  
"Early Redemption Amount (MREL Disqualification)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 59 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 50 - 
70-41023232 
 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time 
of the European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over administration of that rate); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such security, 
expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out by the United 
Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 
5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with 
Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date"(published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 
January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time 
to time) or, if such formula does not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, 
a gross redemption yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as 
determined by the Determination Agent; 
"Group" means Bank of Valletta p.l.c. and its consolidated subsidiaries (if any) at such time; 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination, 
Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in 
Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Registered Notes); 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be specified 
as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as 
such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business 
Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or, if the Notes 
are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date); 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor);

--- Page 60 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 51 - 
70-41023232 
 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 10(d) (Redemption, Purchase, 
Substitution or Variation - Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Make Whole Redemption Price" has the meaning given in Condition 10(d) (Redemption, Purchase, 
Substitution or Variation - Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means, for any Reset Period, the mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Mid-Swap Fixed Leg Payment Frequency (calculated 
on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency, such day count basis 
as determined by the Issuer) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency 
which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset 
Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant 
time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on 
the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the 
Specified Currency, such day count basis as determined by the Issuer); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Fixed Leg Payment Frequency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means the Reference Rate specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 6(e) (Reset 
Note Provisions − Fallbacks), either: 
(a) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 
per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately the Reset Determination Time, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" for any Interest Period has the meaning given in relevant the Final Terms 
but shall never be less than zero, including any relevant margin; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 61 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 52 - 
70-41023232 
 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means that if an MREL Regulations Event occurs on or after the Issue 
Date of the latest Tranche of a Series of Notes that does, or would be likely to (in the opinion of the Issuer 
or the Resolution Authority), result in the whole or any part of the outstanding aggregate principal amount 
of the relevant Series of Notes at any time being excluded from or ceasing to count towards the Issuer's 
and/or the Group's own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity, in each case for the 
purposes of, and in accordance with, the relevant MREL Regulations; provided that an MREL 
Disqualification Event shall not occur if such whole or part of the outstanding principal amount of the 
relevant Series of Notes is excluded from, or ceases to count towards, such own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity; (i) due to the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than 
the period prescribed by any relevant eligibility criteria in the relevant MREL Regulations; (ii) due to 
there being insufficient headroom for such Series of Notes within a prescribed exception to the otherwise 
applicable general requirements for eligible liabilities; or (iii) as a result of any Notes being purchased 
and held by or on behalf of the Issuer or as a result of a purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by 
the Issuer; 
"MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, delegated or implementing acts, 
requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds 
and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments of the Resolution Authority, the 
Republic of Malta and/or any other national or European authority then in effect in the Republic of Malta 
and applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, (whether such laws, regulations, delegated or implementing 
acts, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards or policies are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer 
or the Group).  
"MREL Regulations Event" means that: 
(a) 
any MREL Regulations become effective with respect to the Issuer and/or the Group; or 
(b) 
there is an amendment to, or change in, any MREL Regulations, or any change in the official 
application or official interpretation of any MREL Regulations, which becomes effective with 
respect to the Issuer and/or the Group; 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination 
and Title - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 
3(d) (Form, Denomination and Title - Title to Registered Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Ordinary Unsecured Claims" means any ordinary unsecured claims of creditors of the Issuer from time 
to time outstanding; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre;

--- Page 62 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 53 - 
70-41023232 
 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Preferred Claims" means the claims in respect of obligations of the Issuer which are preferred pursuant 
to the Ranking Legislation to rank above Ordinary Unsecured Claims; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" has the meaning given in Condition 10(h) (Redemption, 
Purchase, Substitution or Variation - Substitution or Variation); 
"Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes" has the meaning given in Condition 10(h) (Redemption, Purchase, 
Substitution or Variation - Substitution or Variation); 
"Qualifying Tier 2 Notes" has the meaning given in Condition 10(h) (Redemption, Purchase, Substitution 
or Variation - Substitution or Variation); 
"Quotation Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Ranking Legislation" means Regulation 108 of the Recovery and Resolution Regulations, as the same 
may be amended from time to time or any other law or provision of Maltese law which may replace such 
provision from time to time; 
"Rate of Interest" means (i) in the case of Notes other than Reset Notes, the rate or rates (expressed as a 
percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final 
Terms; and (ii) in the case of Reset Notes, the Initial Rate of Interest or the Reset Rate of Interest, as 
applicable;  
"Recovery and Resolution Regulations" means the Recovery and Resolution Regulations (Subsidiary 
Legislation 330.09 of the laws of Malta); 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Capital Disqualification), the Early Redemption Amount (MREL Disqualification), the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Sterling Make Whole 
Redemption Amount, the Make Whole Redemption Amount, the Early Termination Amount or such other 
amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" means the figure specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" (i) in the case of Notes other than Reset Notes, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none, four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate; and (ii) in the case of Reset Notes, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most 
closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate, as selected by the Issuer; 
"Reference Bond" means the bond specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or to the 
extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the relevant 
Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the highest 
and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such quotations;

--- Page 63 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 54 - 
70-41023232 
 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) for the Remaining Term or interpolated yield for the 
Remaining Term (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for 
such Reference Date; 
"Reference Date" means the date falling three London Business Days prior to the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call); 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer (following, 
where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or their affiliates, which are 
(i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Determination Agent, 
of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal 
amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by 
such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means (i) EURIBOR, (ii) SONIA or (iii) €STR, as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms. The term Reference Rate shall, 
following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event under Condition 7(m) (Floating Rate Note Provisions 
and Benchmark Replacement – Benchmark Replacement), include any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and shall, if a Benchmark Event should occur subsequently in respect of any such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, also include any further Successor Rate or further Alternative Rate; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any 
year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month 
(but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received by the 
Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders;  
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Rate" has the meaning given in Condition 7(m) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and 
Benchmark Replacement – Benchmark Replacement); 
"Relevant Authority" means, in the case of the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
the Resolution Authority and, in the case of the Tier 2 Notes, the Competent Authority;  
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms,

--- Page 64 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 55 - 
70-41023232 
 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Remaining Term" means the term to maturity or, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, to such Par Redemption Date;  
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the 
Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for 
any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum 
requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date and each date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (as 
applicable); 
"Reset Determination Date" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the second 
Business Day prior to each relevant Reset Date; 
"Reset Determination Time" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date, 11.00 a.m. in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date or such other time 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Margin" means the margin applicable to the Mid-Swap Rate specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Reset Note" means a Note which bears interest at a rate of interest which is recalculated at specified 
intervals; 
"Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the next 
Reset Date or the Maturity Date, if such Reset Date is not specified in the relevant Final Terms, and each 
successive period from (and including) a Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Reset Date or 
Maturity Date, if such Reset Date is not specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Reset Period and subject to Condition 6(e) (Reset Note 
Provisions − Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the Reset Margin; with such sum 
converted (if necessary) in line with market convention to a basis (e.g. annual, semi-annual, quarterly) 
which reflects the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the 
relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
instructions of the Issuer). 
"Resolution Authority" means the Single Resolution Board and the Resolution Committee acting within 
the framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism or any successor or replacement thereto or such other 
authority having primary responsibility for the recovery and/or resolution of the Issuer and/or the Group; 
"Resolution Committee" means the committee responsible for recovery and resolution, as established in 
the Malta Financial Services Authority Act (Chapter 330 of the laws of Malta), which may exercise any 
Bail-in Power; 
"Secondary Unsecured Claims" means any unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments of the 
Issuer from time to time outstanding that meet the relevant requirements of the Ranking Legislation so as 
to rank below Ordinary Unsecured Claims and in priority to Senior Subordinated Claims; 
"Senior Subordinated Claims" means the claims in respect of any subordinated debt of the Issuer from 
time to time outstanding that is not in respect of Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer or Tier 2 
Instruments of the Issuer; 
"Single Resolution Mechanism" or the "SRM" means the single resolution mechanism established 
pursuant to the SRM Regulation;

--- Page 65 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 56 - 
70-41023232 
 
"Single Resolution Board" or the "SRB" means the resolution board established pursuant to the SRM 
Regulation as the central resolution authority, having resolution powers over the institutions that are 
subject to the SRM Regulation; 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and Council of 15 
July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a single resolution mechanism and a single resolution fund, 
as amended or replaced from time to time (including as amended by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms); 
"Subordinated Claims" means (i) any Senior Subordinated Claims and (iii) the claims in respect of any 
Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer, Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer and/or Common Equity Tier 
1 Instruments of the Issuer; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s) " has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 10(d) (Redemption, 
Purchase, Substitution or Variation – Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other Person 
(the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system or any successor thereto; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro;  
"Tier 2 Capital" means Tier 2 capital for the purposes of the Capital Regulations;  
"Tier 2 Claims" means the claims in respect of any Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer from time to time 
outstanding; 
"Tier 2 Instruments" means Tier 2 instruments for the purposes of the Ranking Legislation and/or the 
Recovery and Resolution Regulations; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes or are Registered Notes, references to Coupons and 
Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons;

--- Page 66 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 57 - 
70-41023232 
 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any premium 
payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Interpretation – Definitions) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies 
that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes;  
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes; 
and 
(ix) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or other 
subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) or any provision of any such 
legislation shall be construed as a reference to such legislation or provision as the same may, from 
time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Bearer Notes:  Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue.  In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with 
more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes:  Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of Bearer 
Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" and "Couponholder" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes:  Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum 
denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes:  The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement.  A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each Holder of 
Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding.  Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with 
an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register.  In the case of Registered Notes, "Holder" 
means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, 
in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership:  The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, on the Note 
Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or 
theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder.  No person shall have any right to 
enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes:  Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) (Regulations concerning 
transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant 
Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such 
Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the 
individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may not

--- Page 67 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 58 - 
70-41023232 
 
be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the 
Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered 
Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations.  Where not all the Registered Notes represented by 
the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the 
balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates:  Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar will 
register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the 
Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the 
Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by 
uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant 
Holder.  In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge:  The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be 
levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods:  Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days ending 
on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration:  All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the 
Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement.  The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of 
the Registrar.  A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any 
Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status  
The Notes are senior preferred notes ("Senior Preferred Notes"), senior non-preferred notes ("Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes") or tier 2 notes ("Tier 2 Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(a) 
Senior Preferred Notes: This Condition 4(a) applies if the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Notes 
are Senior Preferred Notes.  
Senior Preferred Notes (and the Coupons relating thereto, if any) constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu without 
preference among themselves and, in the event of the winding-up of the Issuer, claims in respect of any 
Senior Preferred Notes (and any Coupons) will rank pari passu with all other present and future Ordinary 
Unsecured Claims, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law. 
Claims in respect of any Senior Preferred Notes (and any Coupons) constitute Ordinary Unsecured Claims 
under the Ranking Legislation. 
(b) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes: This Condition 4(b) applies if the relevant Final Terms specifies that the 
Notes are Senior Non- Preferred Notes. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (and the Coupons relating thereto, if any) constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, which will at all times rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves. Claims in respect of any Senior Non-Preferred Notes (and any Coupons) 
constitute Secondary Unsecured Claims under the Ranking Legislation. 
Accordingly, subject to the Ranking Legislation, claims in respect of the principal and interest in respect 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any related Coupons will, in the event of the winding-up of the 
Issuer, rank as Secondary Unsecured Claims pursuant to the Ranking Legislation and, therefore, rank: 
(A) junior in right of payment to all Preferred Claims and all Ordinary Unsecured Claims;

--- Page 68 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 59 - 
70-41023232 
 
(B) pari passu with all other Secondary Unsecured Claims (including claims in respect of other Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes); and 
(C) in priority to all Subordinated Claims. 
(c) 
Tier 2 Notes: This Condition 4(c) applies if the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Notes are Tier 2 
Notes. 
The Tier 2 Notes (and the Coupons relating thereto, if any) constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, which will at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
Claims in respect of any Tier 2 Notes (and any Coupons), so long as such Tier 2 Notes qualify (in whole 
or in part) as Tier 2 Instruments, constitute Tier 2 Claims under the Ranking Legislation.   
Accordingly, subject to the Ranking Legislation, the claims in respect of the principal and interest in 
respect of the Tier 2 Notes and any related Coupons will, in the event of the winding-up of the Issuer and 
provided such Tier 2 Notes qualify (in whole or in part) as Tier 2 Instruments: 
(A) be subordinated in right of payment in the manner provided in the Ranking Legislation to (i) all 
Preferred Claims, (ii) all Ordinary Unsecured Claims, (iii) all Secondary Unsecured Claims and 
(iv) all Senior Subordinated Claims; 
(B) rank pari passu with all other Tier 2 Claims (including claims in respect of other Tier 2 Notes that 
qualify (in whole or in part) as Tier 2 Instruments); and  
(C) rank in priority to (i) the claims in respect of all Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer and 
(ii) the claims in respect of all Common Equity Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer. 
If any Tier 2 Notes fully cease to qualify as Tier 2 Instruments, the claims in respect of such Tier 2 Notes 
and any related Coupons will, in the event of the winding-up of the Issuer, rank pari passu with all Senior 
Subordinated Claims, subject to the Ranking Legislation. 
(d) 
No set-off: Claims in respect of any Notes or related Coupons may not be set-off, netted, or be the subject 
of a counterclaim, by the Holder thereof against or in respect of any of its obligations to the Issuer or any 
other person and every Holder thereof waives, and shall be treated for all purposes as if it had waived, any 
right that it might otherwise have to set-off, apply netting or to raise by way of counterclaim any of its 
claims in respect of any Notes or related Coupons, against or in respect of any of its obligations to the 
Issuer or any other person. If, notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any Holder receives or recovers 
any sum or the benefit of any sum in respect of any Note or related Coupon by virtue of any such set-off, 
netting or counterclaim, it shall hold the same on trust for the Issuer and shall pay the amount thereof to 
the Issuer or, in the event of the winding-up of the Issuer, to the liquidator of the Issuer. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 4(d) (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest:  The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments - Bearer Notes) and Condition 12 (Payments - Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4(d) (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (both before and after judgment) until whichever 
is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or 
on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day on which notice is given to the Holder of such Note 
that sufficient funds for payment of such sums have been received by the Fiscal Agent. 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for 
which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting

--- Page 69 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 60 - 
70-41023232 
 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided 
by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than 
euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
6. 
Reset Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Reset Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Reset Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the relevant Final Terms until 
(but excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; and 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Maturity Date at the rate per 
annum equal to the applicable Reset Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Reset Period, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 
11 (Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 12 (Payments – Registered Notes). Each Note will 
cease to bear interest from (and including) the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which 
case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (Reset Note Provisions) 
(as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums 
due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder 
and (ii) the day on which notice is given to the holder of such Note that sufficient funds for 
payment of such sums have been received by the Fiscal Agent. 
(c) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(d) 
Rate of Interest: The Rate of Interest applicable for each Reset Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined on each Reset Determination Date. The Interest Amount payable on the Notes shall be 
calculated in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 4(d) (Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions) and, for such purposes, references in Condition 4(d) (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) 
to "Fixed Rate Notes" shall be deemed to be to "Reset Notes" and Condition 4(d) (Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions) shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Fallbacks: If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, then the Issuer shall request each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 
the Reset Determination Time, subject to Condition 7(m) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark 
Replacement – Benchmark Replacement). 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations, the Reset Rate of Interest for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean 
(rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the Reset Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
If only one of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation, the Reset Rate of Interest for the Reset Period shall be the sum of such Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation and the Reset Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If on any Reset 
Determination Date none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph (e), or if the Calculation Agent 
does not at any time for any reason determine the Rate of Interest, the Reset Rate of Interest shall be 
determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset 
Determination Date, the Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest.

--- Page 70 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 61 - 
70-41023232 
 
(f) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest determined by it to be notified to the 
Issuer, the Paying Agents and the competent authority and/or stock exchange by which the Notes have 
then been admitted to listing and/or trading as soon as possible after such determination but in any event 
not later than the relevant Reset Date. Notice thereof shall also be given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 20 (Notices) as soon as possible after the determination or calculation thereof. 
(g) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, communications, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6 (Reset 
Note Provisions) by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. No Noteholder or Couponholder 
shall be entitled to proceed against the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents or any of them in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by them of their powers, duties and discretions hereunder, including 
without limitation in respect of any notification, opinion, communication, determination, certificate, 
calculation, quotation or decision given, expressed or made for the purposes of this Condition 6 (Reset 
Note Provisions). 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement  
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement) is applicable 
to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments - Bearer Notes) and Condition 12 (Payments - Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which 
all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder 
and (ii) the day on which notice is given to the holder of such Note that sufficient funds for payment of 
such sums have been received by the Fiscal Agent. 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA and/or €STR or any 
related index is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if "Linear Interpolation" is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may 
be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in 
consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date;

--- Page 71 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 62 - 
70-41023232 
 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, the Issuer will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and   
(B) 
provide such quotations to the Calculation Agent who shall determine the arithmetic mean 
of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency, requested and selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the 
relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case 
may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable 
to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in 
relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will 
be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination:  If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation 
to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" as the 
applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions; and 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period

--- Page 72 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 63 - 
70-41023232 
 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate 
of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation 
with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines appropriate. 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;  
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lockout is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
and:  
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Overnight Period 
Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is 
the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the relevant 
Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout 
Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in

--- Page 73 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 64 - 
70-41023232 
 
the relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date;  
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and  
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" in the 
Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to "Calculation Agent 
Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback 
– Previous Day's Rate".  
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
(i) 
This Condition 7(e) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA) is applicable to the Notes 
only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA". 
(ii) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
 
[∏(1 + 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 
365
𝑑
 
 
d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or

--- Page 74 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 65 - 
70-41023232 
 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London Banking Day 
in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including. the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling p London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) 
is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, 
the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which 
is p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of London Banking 
Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final 
Terms, or if no such period is specified, five London Banking Days. If less than five days, than prior 
agreement with the Calculation Agent is required; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) 
on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the London 
Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms; 
the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only 
compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA 
Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the 
SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable), the Calculation Bank determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available 
on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 7(m) (Benchmark 
Replacement), be:

--- Page 75 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 66 - 
70-41023232 
 
(A) 
the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which 
a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there 
is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread 
(or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank 
Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors). 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement), if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(e) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes 
referencing SONIA), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate 
of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the 
first Interest Period). 
(f) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR 
(i) 
This Condition 7(f) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR) is applicable to the Notes 
only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "€STR". 
(ii) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
each Interest Determination Date.  
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(f) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + €STR𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑖
D
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × D
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
360);

--- Page 76 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 67 - 
70-41023232 
 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate equal to the 
daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET Settlement Day as provided by the European 
Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of 
the European Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, as otherwise published by it or 
provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each case, at the time 
specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the 
European Central Bank or the successor administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the TARGET 
Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET Settlement 
Day "i"; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
"i"  
is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant TARGET Settlement 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement Day in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such TARGET 
Settlement Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and including) 
the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
(and the final Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest 
Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as 
applicable) in the relevant Final Terms, or if no such period is specified, five TARGET Settlement 
Days. 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be 
calculated pursuant to Condition 7(f)(ii)(f) above, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day in 
respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR 
reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of such 
TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET 
Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was published by the European Central 
Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 77 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 68 - 
70-41023232 
 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement), if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(f) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes 
referencing €STR), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate 
of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the 
first Interest Period). 
(g) 
Interest – SONIA Compounded Index 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest 
Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
(𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑋 365
𝑑 
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as determined and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the SONIA Compounded Index 
Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant Compounded Index End is 
determined; 
"End" means the SONIA Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number of Index 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is 
excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means London Banking Days; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the fifth decimal place, 
rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 being rounded 
upwards); 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise specified shall be 
five;  
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published at 10:00 (London 
time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's 
Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source; and 
"Start" means the SONIA Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number of Index 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of SONIA Compounded Index, if, with 
respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for SONIA Compounded Index either on 
the relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for that Interest 
Period as if Index Determination was not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if Compounded 
Daily SONIA (as defined in Condition 7(e) (Interest – Floating Rate Note referencing SONIA) had been 
specified instead in the Final Terms, and "Observation Shift" had been specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, and where the Observation Shift Period for the purposes of that 
definition in Condition 7(e) (Interest – Floating Rate Note referencing SONIA) shall be deemed to be the 
same as the Relevant Number specified in the Final Terms and where the Relevant Screen Page will be 
determined by the Issuer. If a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of SONIA Compounded Index, 
the provisions of Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement) shall apply.

--- Page 78 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 69 - 
70-41023232 
 
(h) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(i) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period.  The Interest Amount will be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal 
to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose 
a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.   
(j) 
Publication:  The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by 
it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined 
by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination.  Notice thereof shall 
also promptly be given to the Noteholders.  The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any 
Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the relevant Interest Period.  If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may 
publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum 
Specified Denomination.  
(k) 
Notifications etc:  All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes.  
(l) 
Final Interest Determination Date: If (i) the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 
14 (Enforcement Events and Remedies) and (ii) the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period during which 
the Notes become due and payable is to be determined by reference to any of Conditions 7(e) (Interest – 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA) and 7(f) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR), then 
the final Interest Determination Date shall be the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, 
and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue 
thereon as provided in the Conditions.  
(m) 
Benchmark Replacement: If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate, as applicable, (each, a "Relevant Rate") when the Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) for any Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, remains to be determined 
by reference to such Relevant Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 7(m)(ii) (Benchmark Replacement)) and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 7(m)(iii) (Benchmark Replacement)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 7(m)(iv) (Benchmark Replacement)).  
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Agents or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement) and the Fiscal Agent will not be liable for any loss, liability, 
cost, charge or expense which may arise as a result thereof. 
(i) 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (B) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as applicable, the Relevant Rate applicable to 
the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, shall be the Relevant Rate last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period or Reset Period, as

--- Page 79 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 70 - 
70-41023232 
 
applicable; (x) in the case of Floating Rate Notes, if a Relevant Rate has not been determined in 
respect of a preceding Interest Period, the Relevant Rate shall be the Relevant Rate which would 
have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date and (y) in the case of Reset Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, 
if there has not been a preceding Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date, as 
applicable, the Relevant Rate shall be the Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest 
Period.  For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 7(m)(i) shall only 
apply to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable. Any subsequent Interest 
Period or Reset Period, as applicable, may be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
7(m) (Benchmark Replacement). 
(ii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that:  
(A)  
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 7(m)(iii) (Benchmark Replacement)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Relevant Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, and all 
following Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as applicable, subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement) in the event of a further 
Benchmark Event affecting the Successor Rate; or  
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7(m)(iii) (Benchmark 
Replacement)) subsequently be used in place of the Relevant Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for the relevant Interest Period or 
Reset Period, as applicable, and all following Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as 
applicable, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(m) (Benchmark 
Replacement) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate.  
(iii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
(iv) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement) and the Independent Adviser 
determines in its discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, 
then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and/or the 
Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with paragraph (v) below, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in 
such notice (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense 
of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and 
these Conditions as the Fiscal Agent may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 7(m) 
(Benchmark Replacement). 
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement) will 
be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
and, in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
 confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where applicable, any

--- Page 80 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 71 - 
70-41023232 
 
relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark 
Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement); and  
(B)  
certifying that (1) the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread and (2) the intent of the drafting of such changes is solely to implement the 
relevant Benchmark Amendments.  
The Fiscal Agent and the Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without further 
enquiry and without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
(vii) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread 
(if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(viii) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement), no 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other 
amendment to these Conditions be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to the 
extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected: 
(A) 
to prejudice the qualification of the Notes (i) as eligible liabilities or loss absorbing 
capacity instruments for the purposes of the MREL Regulations, in the case of any Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes or (ii) as Tier 2 Capital for the purposes 
of the Capital Regulations, in the case of any Tier 2 Notes; or  
(B) 
in the case of any Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, to result in the 
Resolution Authority treating the relevant Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the 
case may be, as the effective maturity date of the Notes, rather than the Maturity Date. 
In such event, the Issuer shall be entitled to apply the provisions of this Condition 7(m) 
(Benchmark Replacement) with such further adjustments as it considers necessary to avoid the 
consequences described under (A) and/or (B) above, provided that the Issuer, acting in good faith 
and in a commercial reasonable manner, has determined that so doing shall not be materially less 
favourable to Noteholders than failing to apply the provisions of this Condition 7(m) (Benchmark 
Replacement) at all, and confirms the same to the Fiscal Agent in the certificate to be provided in 
accordance with Condition 7(m)(vi) above. 
(ix) 
As used in this Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(A)  
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Relevant Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions 
to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Relevant Rate; or    
(C)  
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Relevant Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or

--- Page 81 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 72 - 
70-41023232 
 
(D)  
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Relevant Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement) is 
customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the Specified 
Currency;  
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(m)(iv) (Benchmark 
Replacement); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A)  
the applicable Relevant Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as 
a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B)  
a public statement by the administrator of the applicable Relevant Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Relevant Rate) it has ceased publishing such Relevant Rate 
permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"); or  
(C)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the applicable Relevant Rate 
that such Relevant Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the applicable Relevant Rate 
that means that such Relevant Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(E)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the applicable Relevant Rate 
(as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Relevant Rate is or will, by 
a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer representative of an 
underlying market or (ii) the methodology to calculate such Relevant Rate has materially 
changed; or 
(F)  
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using 
the applicable Relevant Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D), or (E) above and the Specified Future Date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future 
Date. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(A)  
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or

--- Page 82 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 73 - 
70-41023232 
 
(B)  
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the applicable Relevant Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
8. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions and the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable. 
(b) 
Fixed/Floating Rate: The Issuer may issue Notes (i) that the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set 
out in the relevant Final Terms from a Fixed Rate Note to a Floating Rate Note, or from a Floating Rate 
Note to a Fixed Rate Note or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate Note to a Floating Rate 
Note, or from a Floating Rate Note to a Fixed Rate Note on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
9. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 9 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero 
Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.  
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes:  If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price on 
the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that 
day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of 
the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment).  
10. 
Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation  
(a) 
Scheduled redemption:  Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments– Bearer Notes) and Condition 12 (Payments – Registered Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons:  Subject to Condition 10(k) (Conditions to Redemption, Purchase,  
Substitution or Variation) below, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not 
in part:  
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable);  
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for 
redemption, if as a result of any change in, or amendment to, or clarification of the applicable 
laws or regulations of the Republic of Malta or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax (including any treaty to which the Republic of Malta is a party),

--- Page 83 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 74 - 
70-41023232 
 
or any change in an official application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date of issue of the latest Tranche of the Notes: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 13 (Taxation);   
(B) 
on a subsequent date for the payment of interest on the Notes, interest payments under, 
or with respect to, the Notes would no longer be fully deductible for Maltese income tax 
purposes;  
(C) 
a future write-down or conversion of the Notes into ordinary shares would result in a 
Maltese tax liability, or the receipt of income or profit which would be subject to Maltese 
tax, which would not otherwise have been the case as at the Issue Date of the Notes; or  
(D) 
there would be another material adverse effect on the tax treatment of the Notes with 
respect to the Issuer which was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the 
latest Tranche of the Notes, 
(each a "Tax Event"), 
provided that, in the case of each Tax Event, the consequences of such Tax Event cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; and 
provided further, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts or would be unable 
to make such deduction if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days 
(or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to 
the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts or would be 
unable to make such deduction if a payment in respect of the Notes were then 
due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption due to the occurrence of a Tax Event. Such 
certificate shall be treated by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Holders and all other interested 
parties as correct, conclusive and sufficient evidence thereof. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons). 
(c) 
Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event:  Subject to Condition 10(k) (Conditions to Redemption, 
Purchase,  Substitution or Variation) any Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time on giving not less 
than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (MREL 
Disqualification), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption if an MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs.  
Prior to giving notice of redemption under this Condition 10(c) (Redemption due to MREL 
Disqualification Event), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer stating that the relevant circumstance referred to under this Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event) does exist. Such certificate shall be treated by the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Holders and all other interested parties as correct, conclusive and sufficient 
evidence thereof.

--- Page 84 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 75 - 
70-41023232 
 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(c) (Redemption due to MREL 
Disqualification Event), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred in accordance with this Condition 10(c) (Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event). 
(d) 
Redemption due to Capital Disqualification Event: Subject to Condition 10(k) (Conditions to Redemption, 
Purchase, Substitution or Variation) any Series of Tier 2 Notes may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Capital Disqualification), together with interest 
accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption if Capital Disqualification Event occurs.  
Prior to giving notice of redemption under this Condition 10(d) (Redemption due to Capital 
Disqualification Event), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer stating that the relevant circumstance referred to under this Condition  10(d) 
(Redemption due to Capital Disqualification Event) does exist. Such certificate shall be treated by the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Holders and all other interested parties as correct, conclusive and sufficient 
evidence thereof. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(d) (Redemption due to Capital 
Disqualification Event), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem such Tier 2 Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 10(d) (Redemption due to Capital Disqualification Event). 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, subject to Condition 10(k) (Conditions to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation), 
the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable, but may (at the option of the Issuer) be conditional on one or 
more conditions precedent being satisfied, or waived by the Issuer, and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem 
the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) at the applicable amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (together, if appropriate, with 
accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call)) at one of: 
(i)  
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or 
(ii) 
the Make Whole Redemption Price. 
The "Make Whole Redemption Price" will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be: 
(A) 
if "Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms an 
amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such Notes and 
(ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a 
percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent (if 
applicable), at which the yield to maturity (or, if applicable, yield to the Par Redemption 
Date) on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the sum of (x) the Reference Bond 
Rate at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date, plus (y) the Redemption Margin, as 
determined by the Determination Agent; or 
(B) 
if "Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount of such Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price 
(expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination 
Agent (if applicable), at which the Gross Redemption Yield to maturity (or, if applicable, 
to the Par Redemption Date) on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the sum of 
(x) the Gross Redemption Yield (as determined by reference to the middle market price) 
at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus (y) the 
Redemption Margin, as determined by the Determination Agent,  
provided however that, in the case of either (i) or (ii) above, if the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) occurs on or after the Par Redemption Date (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms,

--- Page 85 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 76 - 
70-41023232 
 
the Make-Whole Redemption Price will be equal to 100 per cent of the principal amount of the 
Notes. 
(f) 
Partial redemption:  If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 
10(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall 
be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the 
Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 10(e) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed 
and, in the case of Registered Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If any Maximum 
Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
(g) 
No other redemption:  The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
paragraphs (a) to (e) above. 
(h) 
Substitution and Variation: Subject to Condition 10(k) (Conditions to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution 
or Variation), upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, an MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of any 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or a Capital Disqualification Event (in the case of 
any Tier 2 Notes), or to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Agreement and 
Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power) the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, at any time, (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders), either 
substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes for, or vary the terms of such Notes, so that, in 
either case, they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes, Qualifying Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Qualifying Tier 2 Notes, respectively, and in either case may change the 
governing law of Condition 23 (Governing Law and Jurisdiction) from English law to Maltese law; 
provided however that such substitution or variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to 
redeem the substituted or varied notes that are inconsistent with the redemption provisions of the Notes 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 10(h) (Substitution and Variation) is 
subject to the Issuer giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Holders in accordance 
with Condition 20 (Notices) and the Agents (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date 
for substitution or, as the case may be, variation of the Notes). Upon the expiry of the notice required by 
this Condition 10(h) (Substitution and Variation), the Issuer shall either substitute or vary the terms of the 
Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(h) (Substitution and Variation). 
Prior to the giving of any notice of substitution or variation, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that a Tax Event, MREL 
Disqualification Event or Capital Disqualification Event, as the case may be, has occurred and stating that 
the terms of the relevant Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes, Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Qualifying Tier 2 Notes, as the case may be, comply with the respective definition thereof. Such certificate 
shall be treated by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Holders and all other interested parties as correct, 
conclusive and sufficient evidence thereof. 
As used in this Condition 10(h) ((Substitution and Variation): 
"Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes" means, in relation to any Series of Senior Preferred Notes, 
securities issued directly by the Issuer:  
(i) 
that, other than in respect of any provisions to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 24 (Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power), 
have terms not materially less favourable to an investor than the terms of the Senior Preferred 
Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer);  
(ii) 
that (A) contain terms that comply with the then prevailing MREL Regulations in relation to own 
funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments, (B) have a ranking at 
least equal to the Senior Preferred Notes, (C) include terms which provide for the same applicable

--- Page 86 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 77 - 
70-41023232 
 
Rate of Interest, Interest Payment Dates, Maturity Date and amounts payable on redemption as 
apply from time to time to the Senior Preferred Notes immediately prior to such substitution or 
variation, (D) shall preserve any existing rights under these Conditions to any accrued interest 
and/or principal which have not been satisfied, (E) do not contain terms providing for the 
mandatory or voluntary deferral of payments of principal and/or interest and (F) do not contain 
terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-down or conversion (but without 
prejudice to any acknowledgement of statutory write-down or conversion powers substantially 
similar to Condition 24 (Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-
in Power));  
(iii) 
if the Senior Preferred Notes were admitted to listing, trading, and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system immediately prior to such substitution or 
variation, that they are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system or any regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments as selected by the Issuer; and  
(iv) 
where the Senior Preferred Notes have a published solicited rating from one or more rating 
agencies immediately prior to their substitution or variation, to which each such rating agency 
has assigned, or informed the Issuer, by an announcement or otherwise, of its intention to assign, 
an equal or higher published solicited rating (unless any downgrade is solely attributable to any 
provisions to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Agreement and 
Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power)). 
"Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means, in relation to any Series of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, securities issued directly by the Issuer:  
(i) 
that, other than in respect of any provisions to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 24 (Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power), 
have terms not materially less favourable to an investor than the terms of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer);  
(ii) 
that (A) contain terms that comply with the then prevailing MREL Regulations in relation to own 
funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments, (B) have a ranking at 
least equal to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (C) include terms which provide for the same 
applicable Rate of Interest, Interest Payment Dates, Maturity Date and amounts payable on 
redemption as apply from time to time to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately prior to 
such substitution or variation, (D) shall preserve any existing rights under these Conditions to any 
accrued interest and/or principal which have not been satisfied, (E) do not contain terms providing 
for the mandatory or voluntary deferral of payments of principal and/or interest and (F) do not 
contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-down or conversion (but 
without prejudice to any acknowledgement of statutory write-down or conversion powers 
substantially similar to Condition 24 (Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the 
Exercise of Bail-in Power));  
(iii) 
if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were admitted to listing, trading, and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system immediately prior to such substitution or 
variation, that they are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system or any regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments as selected by the Issuer; and  
(iv) 
where the Senior Non-Preferred Notes have a published solicited rating from one or more rating 
agencies immediately prior to their substitution or variation, to which each such rating agency 
has assigned, or informed the Issuer, by an announcement or otherwise, of its intention to assign, 
an equal or higher published solicited rating (unless any downgrade is solely attributable to any 
provisions to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Agreement and 
Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power)). 
"Qualifying Tier 2 Notes" means, in relation to any Series of Tier 2 Notes, securities issued directly by 
the Issuer:

--- Page 87 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 78 - 
70-41023232 
 
(i) 
that, other than in respect of any provisions to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 24 (Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power), 
have terms not materially less favourable to an investor than the terms of the Tier 2 Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer);  
(ii) 
that (A) contain terms that comply with the then prevailing Capital Regulations in relation to Tier 
2 Capital, (B) have a ranking at least equal to the Tier 2 Notes, (C) include terms which provide 
for the same applicable Rate of Interest, Interest Payment Dates, Maturity Date and amounts 
payable on redemption as apply from time to time to the Tier 2 Notes immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, (D) shall preserve any existing rights under these Conditions to any 
accrued interest and/or principal which have not been satisfied, (E) do not contain terms providing 
for the mandatory or voluntary deferral of payments of principal and/or interest and (F) do not 
contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-down or conversion (but 
without prejudice to any acknowledgement of statutory write-down or conversion powers 
substantially similar to Condition 24 (Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the 
Exercise of Bail-in Power));  
(iii) 
if the Tier 2 Notes were admitted to listing, trading, and/or quotation by any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system immediately prior to such substitution or variation, that 
they are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system or any regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on 
markets in financial instruments as selected by the Issuer; and  
(iv) 
where the Tier 2 Notes have a published solicited rating from one or more rating agencies 
immediately prior to their substitution or variation, to which each such rating agency has assigned, 
or informed the Issuer, by an announcement or otherwise, of its intention to assign, an equal or 
higher published solicited rating (unless any downgrade is solely attributable to any provisions 
to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Agreement and Acknowledgement 
with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power)). 
(i) 
Purchase:  Subject to Condition 10(k) (Conditions to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation), 
the Issuer or its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any 
price and such Notes may be held, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent 
for cancellation (provided that, if the Notes are to be cancelled, they are purchased together with all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating to them). 
(j) 
Cancellation:  All Notes redeemed by the Issuer or its Subsidiaries and any unmatured Coupons or 
unexchanged Talons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and all Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes cancelled pursuant to Condition 10(i) (Purchase) above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons cancelled with them) may not be reissued or resold. 
(k) 
Conditions to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation: Any redemption, purchase, substitution 
or variation of any Notes in accordance with Conditions 10(b), 10(d), 10(d), 10(e), 10(h) or 10(i), as the 
case may be, is subject to: 
(i) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Relevant Authority and the Relevant Authority granting permission  
to redeem, purchase, substitute or vary the Notes (or having no objection thereto) in accordance 
with the MREL Regulations (in the case of the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) or the Capital Regulations (in the case of the Tier 2 Notes); and 
(ii) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to such redemption, purchase, substitution or variation 
as may be required by the Relevant Authority and/or the MREL Regulations (in the case of the 
Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or the Capital Regulations (in the 
case of the Tier 2 Notes) at such time, including, in the case of a redemption or purchase (and to 
the extent then so required as aforesaid), that one of the following conditions in paragraphs (A) 
to (C) is met, as applicable, and, in the case of any Tier 2 Notes, that one of the conditions in (1) 
to (4) of paragraph (D) is met, as applicable:  
(A) 
before or at the same time as such redemption or purchase of the Notes, the Issuer replaces 
such Notes with own funds (or eligible liabilities instruments, in the case of any Senior

--- Page 88 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 79 - 
70-41023232 
 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of equal or higher quality at terms that 
are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or  
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the own 
funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer and/or the Group would, following such 
redemption or purchase, exceed the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities laid down in CRD and BRRD by a margin that the Relevant Authority (in the 
case of the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in agreement with 
the Competent Authority), considers necessary at such time; or  
(C) 
in the case of the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Issuer 
has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Resolution Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the own funds requirements in CRD for continuing authorisation. 
(D) 
in respect of any redemption or purchase of the Tier 2 Notes prior to the fifth anniversary 
of the Issue Date of the latest Tranche of the Notes, if and to the extent then required under 
the Capital Regulations: 
(1) 
in the case of redemption following a Tax Event, the Issuer having demonstrated 
to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the relevant change in tax 
treatment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of 
the latest Tranche of the Notes; or  
(2) 
in the case of redemption following a Capital Disqualification Event, the Issuer 
having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the 
relevant change is sufficiently certain and was not reasonably foreseeable as at 
the Issue Date of the latest Tranche of the Notes; or 
(3) 
the Issuer having, before or at the same time as such redemption or purchase, 
replaced the relevant Tier 2 Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher 
quality on terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and 
the Competent Authority having permitted such action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and 
justified by exceptional circumstances; and 
(4) 
in the case of a purchase, the Tier 2 Notes being purchased for market-making 
purposes in accordance with the Capital Regulations, 
Any refusal by the Relevant Authority to give its permission as contemplated in this Condition 10(k) 
(Conditions to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation) shall not constitute a default for any 
purpose. 
(l) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes:  Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date 
shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date Fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10(k)(ii)(C) (Early Redemption of 
Zero Coupon Notes) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
11. 
Payments – Bearer Notes 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Bearer Notes.

--- Page 89 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 80 - 
70-41023232 
 
(a) 
Principal:  Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest:  Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (i) below, be made only against presentation and 
(provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above.  
(c) 
Payments in New York City:  Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount 
of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full 
amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States 
law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws:  All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all cases to 
any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation).  
(e) 
Commissions or Expenses:  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(f) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will 
be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as will 
result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the "Relevant 
Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, 
that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to 
become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of 
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less than the 
amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the 
aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of 
principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears 
to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant 
missing Coupons.  
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons void:  If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 11(g) (Unmatured 
Coupons void) is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for 
final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 10(b) 
(Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation – Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation – Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event), 
Condition 10(d) (Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation – Redemption due to Capital

--- Page 90 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 81 - 
70-41023232 
 
Disqualification Event), Condition 10(e) (Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation – Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer), or Condition 14 (Enforcement Events and Remedies), all unmatured Coupons 
relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect 
thereof. 
(h) 
Payments on business days:  If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place 
and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(i) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons:  Payments of interest other than in respect of matured 
Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(j) 
Partial payments:  If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount 
and date of such payment. 
(k) 
Exchange of Talons:  On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become 
void pursuant to Condition 15 (Prescription).  Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
12. 
Payments – Registered Notes 
This Condition 12 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal:  Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is 
due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case 
of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note 
Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest:  Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is 
due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case 
of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of 
the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws:  All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all cases 
to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation). 
(d) 
Commissions or Expenses: No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of 
such payments. 
(e) 
Payments on business days:  Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions 
(for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding 
Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be 
mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due 
date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of 
interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment.  A Holder of a Registered Note

--- Page 91 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 82 - 
70-41023232 
 
shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) 
the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with 
this Condition 12 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(f) 
Partial payments:  If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, the Issuer 
shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the case of partial 
payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the date of 
such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(g) 
Record date:  Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office on the 
fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date").  Where payment in respect of a 
Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address 
of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
13. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up:  All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Malta or any political subdivision 
therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of 
such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall 
pay such additional amounts in respect of the payment of any interest on the Notes (but not in respect of 
the payment of principal thereof) as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after 
such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them in respect of such 
interest had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with the 
jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
unless it is proved, to the satisfaction of the Fiscal Agent or the Transfer or Paying Agent to whom 
the same is presented, that the Holder is unable to avoid such withholding or deduction by 
satisfying any statutory requirement or by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar 
claim for exemption to the relevant tax authorities; or 
(iii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for payment 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of such Note or 
Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such 
Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction:  If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Republic of Malta, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Malta shall be construed as references 
to Republic of Malta and/or such other jurisdiction. 
(c) 
FATCA Withholding Tax: For the avoidance of doubt, any amounts to be paid by the Issuer on the Notes 
will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), any current or future 
regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of 
the Code, any intergovernmental agreement, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation 
of such Sections of the Code (or any law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (a "FATCA 
Withholding Tax"), and the Issuer will not be required to pay additional amounts on account of any 
FATCA Withholding Tax. 
14. 
Enforcement Events and Remedies 
(a) 
Non-payment: in the event that any principal or interest on any Notes has not been paid within 14 days 
from the due date for payment and such sum has not been duly paid within a further 14 days following

--- Page 92 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 83 - 
70-41023232 
 
written notice from the Holder thereof to the Issuer requiring the non-payment to be made good, any such 
Holder may institute proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction in the Republic of Malta (or such 
other jurisdiction in which the Issuer is organised) (but not elsewhere) for the winding-up of the Issuer 
and/or prove in its winding-up;  
(b) 
Limited remedies for breach of obligations (other than non-payment): Following 30 days written notice 
to the Issuer by any Holder requiring the performance or observance of any of its other obligations under 
or in respect of the Notes, if such breach remains unremedied, a Holder may, without further notice, 
institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any term, obligation or condition 
binding on the Issuer under the Notes held by such Holder or the Deed of Covenant (other than any 
payment obligation of the Issuer under or arising from the Notes or the Deed of Covenant, including, 
without limitation, payment of any principal or interest); provided always that the Holders may not enforce, 
and may not be entitled to enforce or otherwise claim, against the Issuer any judgment or other award 
given in such proceedings that requires the payment of money by the Issuer, whether by way of damages 
or otherwise (a "Monetary Judgment"), except by proving such Monetary Judgment in a winding-up of 
the Issuer. 
(c) 
Winding-up Event:  if a Winding-up Event occurs, then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the 
Holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be 
declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its 
Early Termination Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
A "Winding-up Event" with respect to the Notes shall result if (i) a resolution is adopted for the 
dissolution and consequential winding-up of the Issuer; (ii) a court of competent jurisdiction in the 
Republic of Malta (or such other jurisdiction in which the Issuer may be organised) makes an order for 
the dissolution and consequential winding-up of the Issuer; other than, in the case of either (i) or (ii) above, 
under or in connection with a reconstruction, merger or recovery of the Issuer not involving insolvency, 
including in terms of Articles 327 to 329, both inclusive and Article 329B, of the Companies Act (Chapter 
386 of the laws of Malta); or (iii) an order for liquidation is made by the applicable competent authority 
in respect of the Issuer under the Controlled Companies (Procedure for Liquidation) Act (Chapter 383 of 
the laws of Malta). 
(d) 
No other remedies: Other than the limited remedies specified in this Condition 14 (Enforcement Events 
and Remedies) or proving in the winding-up of the Issuer, no remedy against the Issuer shall be available 
to the Holders of the Notes or the Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto whether for the recovery of 
amounts owing in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or under the Deed of Covenant in relation thereto 
or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its other obligations or undertakings under or in respect 
of such Notes or Coupons or under the Deed of Covenant in relation thereto. 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due (as defined in Condition 24 
(Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power)), the conversion thereof 
into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Bail-in 
Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes or the application of any other resolution tool or moratoria 
imposed by the Resolution Authority in respect of the Issuer will be an event of default or default for any 
purpose. 
15. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes are 
presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for interest in respect of 
Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years 
of the appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of Registered 
Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment within ten 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
16. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, in the case of 
Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent

--- Page 93 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 84 - 
70-41023232 
 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in 
the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all 
applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon 
payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms 
as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
17. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Agents act 
solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust 
for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below.  The initial Calculation Agent (if 
any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The Issuer reserves the right any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar or Calculation Agent and 
additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that:  
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain 
a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying 
Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent 
and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders.  
18. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders:  The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these 
Conditions.  Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request in writing of 
Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes.  
The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more Persons 
holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, 
at any adjourned meeting, one or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal 
amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which one or more 
Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum.  Any Extraordinary Resolution 
duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether 
present or not. 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such other method (which 
may include, without limitation, a conference call or video conference) as the Issuer may determine in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution.  Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification:  Subject to Condition 18(c) (Resolution Authority notice or consent) below, the Notes, the 
Deed of Covenant and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to

--- Page 94 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 85 - 
70-41023232 
 
modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to 
any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest 
error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.  
In addition, pursuant to Condition 7(m) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement – 
Benchmark Replacement), certain changes may be made to the interest calculation provisions of the Reset 
Notes, the Floating Rate Notes and the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise 
set out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Relevant Authority notice or consent: These Conditions and the Deed of Covenant shall only be capable 
of modification if the Issuer has notified the Relevant Authority of such modification or obtained the prior 
consent of the Relevant Authority, as the case may be (if such notice or consent is then required by the 
MREL Regulations (in the case of the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or the 
Capital Regulations (in the case of the Tier 2 Notes).  
19. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
20. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes:  Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the 
Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or 
regulations, a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) or, if such publication is not practicable, 
in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe.  Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more 
than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required 
newspapers).  Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes:  Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail (or 
its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register 
and, if the Registered Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of 
applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or published on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) or, if such publication is not 
practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe.  Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. 
21. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or 
made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same 
is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second 
currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an 
order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in 
relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such 
Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for 
such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the 
rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the 
first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, 
of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action.

--- Page 95 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 86 - 
70-41023232 
 
22. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from 
such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese 
Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower 
whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards. 
23. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law:  The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by English law; except that Condition 4 (Status) and Condition 24 (Agreement and 
Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power) and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection therewith are governed by Maltese law. 
(b) 
English courts:  The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum:  The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient 
courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Service of process:  The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered 
to Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG, or to 
such other person with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other address in England or Wales 
as the Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders.  Nothing in this paragraph shall affect 
the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.   
24. 
Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power 
(a) 
Recognition of Bail-in: Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other 
agreements, arrangements, or understandings between the Issuer and any Noteholder, by its acquisition of 
the Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this clause, includes each holder of a beneficial 
interest in the Notes), acknowledges and accepts that the Amounts Due arising under these Notes may be 
subject to the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Resolution Authority, and acknowledges, accepts, 
consents and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority, that may include and 
result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due; 
(B) 
 the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on the Notes into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral 
on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes. 
(C) 
 the cancellation of the Notes; 
(D) 
 the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, if necessary, to give effect to the exercise of Bail-in Power 
by the Resolution Authority.

--- Page 96 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 87 - 
70-41023232 
 
(b) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due: No repayment or payment of Amounts Due on 
the Notes, will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the 
Resolution Authority if and to the extent such amounts have been reduced, converted, cancelled, amended 
or altered as a result of such exercise. 
(c) 
Event of Default: Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion 
thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of the 
Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of the Bail-in Power 
by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will be an event of default or default for any purpose.  
(d) 
Notice to Noteholders: Upon the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect 
to the Notes, the Issuer will provide a written notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 
(Notices) as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in Power. The Issuer will also deliver 
a copy of such notice to the Fiscal Agent for information purposes. Any delay or failure by the Issuer in 
delivering any notice referred to in this Condition 24(d) (Notice to Noteholders) shall not affect the validity 
and enforceability of the Bail-in Power. 
For the purposes of this Condition 24:  
"Amounts Due" are the principal amount of, together with any accrued but unpaid interest due on, the 
Notes. References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which 
have not been paid, prior to the exercise of Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority;  
"Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification or suspension power existing 
from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
in effect in the Republic of Malta relating to the implementation of the BRRD, including but not limited 
to the Recovery and Resolution Regulations, and the SRM Regulation or such other directive or regulation 
as may come into effect in place thereof or otherwise arising under Maltese law, and in each case, the 
instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which, whether in connection with the 
implementation of a bail-in tool following placement into resolution or otherwise, any obligation of a bank 
or investment firm or affiliate of a bank or investment firm can be reduced, cancelled, modified or 
converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of such entity or any other person (or suspended 
for a temporary period). 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time (including as amended by 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019).

--- Page 97 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 88 - 
70-41023232 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II.  Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
[EU MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU 
MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.]  Any [person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")]/[distributor] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 1 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as 
modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
 
1  To be included depending on whether there are EU MiFID and/or UK MiFIR manufacturers.

--- Page 98 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 89 - 
70-41023232 
 
products "]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
 
Bank of Valletta p.l.c. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Legal entity Identifier (LEI): 529900RWC8ZYB066JF16 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 15 September 2022 [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus dated [•] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation")]/[the EU Prospectus 
Regulation]. [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain 
all the relevant information.]2 
[In accordance with the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, no prospectus is required in connection with the 
issuance of the Notes described herein.]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Bank of Valletta p.l.c. 
2. 
[(i) 
Series Number:] 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [•] on 
[[•]/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
25 below [which is expected to occur on or about [•]].] 
3. 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
[(i)] 
[Series]: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
 
2  Delete all Prospectus Regulation related language where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumsatances where a prospectus is required 
to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 99 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 90 - 
70-41023232 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [•] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
(ii)        Trade Date: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] ] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest  Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[•] per cent. Reset Rate of Interest] 
 
 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/€STR]+/– [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14/15/16/17] below) 
10. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [•]/[100] per cent. 
of their nominal amount. 
11. Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any Fixed to floating rate change occurs 
or refer to paragraphs 14 and 16 below and identify there/Not 
Applicable] 
12. Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[(See paragraph 19 below)] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred Notes / Senior Non-Preferred Notes / Tier 2 
Notes]  
 
(ii) 
[Date [Board] approval 
for issuance of Notes] 
obtained: 
[•] [and [•], respectively  
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 100 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 91 - 
70-41023232 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date 
OR 
 
[Initial Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
for a short or long 
Interest Period ("Broken 
Amount(s)") 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [•] 
15. Reset Note Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[(i)] 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[•] 
 
[(ii)] 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
[(iii)] 
First Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
[(iv)] 
Reset Margin: 
[•] 
 
[(v)] 
Single Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[(vi)] 
Mean Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[(vii)] 
Mid-Swap Fixed Leg 
Payment Frequency: 
[•] 
 
(viii)] 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
 
[(ix)] 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Maturity: 
[•] 
 
[(x)] 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 101 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 92 - 
70-41023232 
 
16. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment 
Date]: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if 
not the Fiscal Agent): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(viii) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•][•] [EURIBOR/SONIA/€STR/SONIA Compounded Index] 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[•] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/London Banking Days/Not 
Applicable]  
 
• 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/London Banking Days /Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[•] 
 
• 
Index Determination  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Decimal 
Place 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the fifth 
decimal place  
 
• 
Relevant Number of 
Index Days 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Relevant 
Number shall be 5)

--- Page 102 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 93 - 
70-41023232 
 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest Period]/[•] 
[London Banking Days/ TARGET Settlement Days] prior to each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA  Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the Floating Rate 
Option is a risk free rate) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•]//[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period], subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in [(iv)] above and as 
specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
[Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
• 
Averaging 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
 [Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift

--- Page 103 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 94 - 
70-41023232 
 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift Business 
days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift Business 
days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Linear interpolation 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period) 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than zero] / The 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than [•] per cent. per 
annum] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17. Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 104 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 95 - 
70-41023232 
 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[•] 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / other] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. Notice periods for Conditions 
10(b), 10(c), 10(d) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes 
Minimum period: [•] days 
Maximum period: [•] days 
19. Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount[/Make Whole Redemption Price] 
[(in the case of the Optional Redemption Dates falling on [•]/[in 
the period from and including [•] to be excluding [•][other than 
[•]] (the "Make Whole Redemption Dates") [and, (in the case of 
the Optional Redemption Dates falling on [•]/[in the period from 
and including [date] to be excluding [•].  
 
[(iii) 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption Price: 
[Make Whole Redemption Amount / Sterling Make Whole 
Redemption Amount/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs(a) – (c) of 
this paragraph)] 
 
[(a) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond] 
 
[(b) 
Quotation Time: 
[•] 
 
[(c) 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[•] per cent. 
 
[(d) 
Reference 
Dealers: 
[•] 
 
[(e)  
Par Redemption 
Date: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
 
(iii) 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 105 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 96 - 
70-41023232 
 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
20. Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
21. Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Tax): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
22. Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(MREL Disqualification): 
[Not Applicable / [•] per Calculation Amount] 
23. Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Capital Disqualification): 
[Not Applicable / [•] per Calculation Amount] 
24. Early Termination Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/As per the Conditions] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note]]  
 
 
[[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[•] days' notice]] 
[[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Note] 
 
 
[and] 
 
 
[Global Registered Note [(Euro [•] nominal amount)] registered 
in the name of a nominee for [a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the 
New Safekeeping Structure).] 
26. New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
27. Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph relates to 
the date of payment, and not the end dates of interest periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraph 16(v) relates] 
28. Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, more 
than 27 coupon payments are left.]

--- Page 106 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 97 - 
70-41023232 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Bank of Valletta p.l.c.: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 107 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 98 - 
70-41023232 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer for the Notes 
to be admitted to [listing on the Official List and to be 
admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin] / [•]with effect 
from on or around [•].][Application will be made by the 
Issuer for the Notes to be admitted to [listing on the 
Official List and to trading on Euronext Dublin] / [•] 
with effect from on or around [•].][•] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[•] 
2. 
 
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
 
[Standard & Poor's: [•]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [•]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [•]] 
 
 
[(If the Notes have already been assigned any ratings, 
include here a brief explanation of the meaning of such 
ratings)]3 
[(Source: 
Fitch, 
[https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-
definitions) / [•]] 
 
 
[Each of] [Fitch] [and] [Standard & Poor's] is 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").  [Each of] [Fitch] [and] [Standard & 
Poor's] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu]. [The rating [each of] 
[Fitch] [and] [Standard & Poor's] has given to the Notes 
is endorsed by [Fitch Ratings Limited] [and] [S&P 
Global Ratings UK Limited] [respectively], [each of] 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").] / [[•] (Repeat as necessary and 
amend depending on status of relevant rating agency)] 
3. 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
 
3  To set-out the explanation of the expected ratings of each of the senior, SNP and Tier 2 Notes for Fitch's 
and S&P's websites.

--- Page 108 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 99 - 
70-41023232 
 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.  (Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
5. 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, 
as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation]/ [As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended 
apply, such that [name of administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[ [[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper] [include this text for 
registered notes]] and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[[[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] 
[include this text for registered notes]].  Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be

--- Page 109 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 100 - 
70-41023232 
 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
6. 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) 
Names of 
Dealers 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if 
any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of Dealer: 
 
 
(iv)  
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category 2; [In the case of Bearer 
Notes TEFRA C/TEFRA D[/TEFRA not applicable]] 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[  ]  [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in Base Prospectus"/Give 
details] [If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus, give details here.]  
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[  ] 
8. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[Not Applicable.]/[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from [specify 
source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]

--- Page 110 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 101 - 
70-41023232 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM  
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, 
for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a 
common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, 
common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered 
Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held 
by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common 
safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each 
an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the 
Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising 
under such Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, 
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under a Global Note or Global Registered Note will be 
determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any 
other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a 
Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in 
respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note or Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note.  The following is a 
summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments:  All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or 
Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest 
accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes.  On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in 
respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note or Global Registered Note, shall be:  if the currency 
of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is 
not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date:  Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System 
Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being 
held is open for business.

--- Page 111 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 102 - 
70-41023232 
 
Partial exercise of call option:  In connection with an exercise of the option contained in 10(d) (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer) in relation to only some of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note or a Global 
Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with 
the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal 
amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 20 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), 
or Global Registered Note is deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes 
are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, such 
notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or published on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).  
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Note or Global Registered Note is held on 
behalf of a clearing system, then:  
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consent communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance 
with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an "Electronic Consent" as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an 
Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a special quorum was satisfied), take 
effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, 
and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they 
participated in such Electronic Consent; and  
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) 
accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Registered 
Note and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, 
on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the 
person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give 
any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other 
document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant alternative clearing system (the "relevant clearing system") and, in the case of (b) above, 
the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system for 
the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all 
Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. 
Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of 
statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including 
Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg's CreationOnline system) in accordance with its 
usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the 
Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable 
to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other 
document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be 
forged or not authentic.

--- Page 112 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 103 - 
70-41023232 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
History and development of the Issuer 
The Issuer was formed in 1974 following an agreement between the Government of Malta and the Malta 
Development Corporation. In 1992, the Issuer became the first public company to be listed on the Malta 
Stock Exchange at which time 51.21% of the Issuer's equity was held by the Government of Malta, 14.55% 
was held by Banco di Sicilia S.p.A. and the remaining 34.24% was held by the general public. In 1995, the 
Government of Malta offered 12,000,000 shares to the public, thereby reducing its shareholding in the 
Issuer to 25.23%. In June 2006, Capitalia S.p.A. took over the 14.55% stake in the Issuer from Banco di 
Sicilia S.p.A. and in October 2007, Capitalia S.p.A. was merged (by incorporation) with UniCredit S.p.A. 
(formerly UniCredito Italiano S.p.A.). Subsequently UniCredit S.p.A. thereby became the other major 
shareholder holding a 14.55% stake in the Issuer. Following a number of corporate actions that took place 
between July 2017 and June 2019, the Issuer's issued and paid-up share capital at the date of this Base 
Prospectus is 583,849,270 ordinary shares held as follows: 25% by the Government of Malta, 10.20% by 
UniCredit S.p.A. and 64.80% are held in public hands by more than 20,000 shareholders. 
 
Legal name of the Issuer: 
Bank of Valletta p.l.c.  
Commercial name of the Issuer: 
BOV 
Place of registration of the Issuer and its 
registration number: 
Duly registered in Malta with company registration 
number C 2833 
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI"): 
529900RWC8ZYB066JF16 
The date of incorporation and the term of the 
Issuer: 
Registered and incorporated on 21 March 1974 for an 
indefinite period 
Registered address:  
58, Zachary Street, Valletta, VLT 1130, Malta 
Place of registration and domicile:  
Malta 
Legal Form: 
The Issuer is lawfully existing and registered as a 
public limited liability company under the Companies 
Act. (Chapter 386 of the laws of Malta) 
Telephone number: 
+356 2275 3556 
Website: 
https://www.bov.com/. 
Unless otherwise specified herein, the information on 
the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is rated by S&P and Fitch.  
The Issuer's long-term issuer default rating assigned by S&P is 'BBB-' while the short-term rating is 'A-3' 
with a negative outlook. S&P is established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. S&P 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 7 May 2021) on the ESMA 
website http://www.esma.europa.eu.  
The Issuer's long-term issuer default rating as assigned by Fitch is 'BBB-' whilst the short-term rating is 'F3' 
with a stable outlook. 
Principal activities 
The Issuer's customer base totals approximately 360,000 (as at June 2022) and its principal activities 
comprise the following:

--- Page 113 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 104 - 
70-41023232 
 
Deposit taking activities 
The Issuer receives and accepts customers' monies for deposit in current and savings accounts which may 
be denominated in Euro and other major currencies. 
It accepts deposits from customers principally at call and for various maturities and seeks to earn interest 
margins through lending operations to both corporate and personal borrowers with a range of credit 
standings. Such exposures involve principally on-balance sheet loans and advances, as well as guarantees 
and other commitments (such as performance and other bonds and letters of credit). 
The Issuer seeks to increase margins by consolidating short-term funds and lending for longer periods at 
higher rates, while maintaining sufficient liquidity to meet all claims that might fall due. The Issuer also 
earns interest by investing monies advanced through its deposit-taking activities in high-quality assets.  
Loans and other advances 
Another principal activity of the Issuer is the provision of finance through loans and advances, trade finance 
facilities and other credit products to customers. This business segment includes the provision of finance at 
varying maturities to both corporate and personal customers of various credit standings. 
With respect to corporate customers, the Issuer is highly involved in all market sectors and provides 
business finance to large corporates as well as smaller business ventures. The loans and advances provided 
include project finance, credit facilities and overdraft facilities to finance working capital requirements. 
With respect to personal customers, the Issuer provides a suite of products aimed principally at consumer 
lending, with home finance being an important pillar of this business segment. 
Investment services 
The Issuer provides a comprehensive suite of investment products and services that meet customers' needs 
throughout their lifecycle, including stockbroking, advisory and discretionary portfolio management 
services. Such services are offered to both retail and institutional clients. 
Investment services are a major contributor to non-interest income generation. Under the current strategy, 
BOV 2023 (as detailed below), this area has been identified as having potential for further growth. 
Stockbroking 
The Issuer's stockbroking unit handles the processing and execution of local and international secondary 
market transactions relating to debt, equities, Exchange Traded Funds ("ETFs") and other funds. In the 
domestic market, the Issuer is a member of the Malta Stock Exchange and (excluding the Central Bank of 
Malta as market maker for government stocks) is one of the largest brokers thereon. 
The Issuer has direct real-time access to international equity markets through agreements with several 
international and reputable brokers, whilst also having access to liquidity providers specifically for 
Exchange Traded Products ("ETPs"). The Issuer also has trading lines with over 40 market makers in the 
over-the-counter ("OTC") debt markets, thus enabling competitive execution prices. 
Wealth management services 
The Issuer provides a selection of its customers with an investment advisory service through its five 
investment centres located across Malta and Gozo. Financial advisers working from within these investment 
centres are provided with the necessary tools and market-led information to enable them to provide 
professional investment advice to customers on an array of instruments and products, which include a 
comprehensive range of investment funds, bancassurance products, bonds and equities. 
The Issuer also has a fully-fledged wealth management centre through which it provides a range of 
investment services (including discretionary management and investment advice) to a sub-set of private 
banking customers, premised upon a highly personalised service which is driven by professionalism and 
trust. In view of the highly bespoke nature of this service, the financial advisers and portfolio managers at 
the Issuer's private banking arm invest time and effort to get to know their customers and build long-term

--- Page 114 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 105 - 
70-41023232 
 
relationships, adopting a detailed planning process to ensure that customers' investment portfolios are 
tailored to meet their objectives and needs. 
With a view to enhancing its service offering, the Issuer has further strengthened its internal investment 
committees which are considered to be key structures to the overall investment services proposition across 
the Issuer's various customer touchpoints. 
Depository services 
The Issuer acts as custodian to undertakings for UCITS funds which are managed by the UCITS 
management company within the Group.  As custodian, the Issuer provides safekeeping services to mainly 
two in-house UCITS schemes and also performs oversight functions required of custodians of UCITS, 
amongst other services. The Issuer has global custody network access through arrangements with Euroclear 
Bank NV and Clearstream Banking S.A., pursuant to which the Issuer delegates certain of its safekeeping 
functions.  
In line with its de-risking strategy, the Issuer took the decision to wind-down most of the third party fund 
custody business which equated to nearly €3.8 billion worth of fund assets and consisting of 130 sub-funds. 
The de-risking process commenced in August 2019 and was finalised by November 2020 , bringing down 
the value of fund custody assets from €3.86 billion (26 SICAV's clients) to €950 million and to 19 sub-
funds (4 SICAV's clients) under custody.  It should be noted that out of the €950 million, some €935 million 
consist of assets managed by the Issuer's subsidiary BOV Asset Management Limited ("BOVAM") for two 
proprietary UCITS schemes. 
 
The Group also provides a number of other services, including: 
Bancassurance 
The Issuer acts as a tied intermediary to each of MAPFRE Middlesea p.l.c. and MAPFRE MSV Life p.l.c. 
(together, the "Associated Companies") to offer insurance and life assurance products to customers. All 
policies are offered through the Issuer's retail branch network, investment centres and the wealth 
management centre, and are issued and underwritten by the Associated Companies. A wide array of 
protection, pension and investment driven products are available. 
Corporate advisory 
The corporate advisory team at the Issuer is considered as one of the major players on the local market for 
initial public offerings and primary bond issues. It offers the whole spectrum of services for an entity 
intending to list on the local Maltese exchange, including the services of manager, registrar and/or sponsor. 
Fund management and institutional clients  
BOVAM provides investment management services for collective investment schemes and portfolio 
management services for professional institutional clients. BOVAM manages 17 sub-funds, 14 of which 
are sub-funds of Vilhena Funds SICAV p.l.c. and 3 of which are sub-funds of BOV Investment Funds. It 
also provides portfolio management services to institutional clients. As at 31 December 2021, the total 
value of net assets under management across all of the aforementioned sub-funds amounted to 
approximately €1.1 million. BOVAM is responsible for the distribution of Fidelity Funds in Malta. 
Fund administration  
BOV Fund Services Limited ("BOVFS") is one of the largest fund administrators in Malta, providing its 
services to numerous local and foreign bond funds. It provides a comprehensive suite of services to fund 
managers and fund promoters, as well as a full suite of fund administration including fund accounting, 
shareholder registry services, regulatory reporting and corporate services. BOVFS has been at the forefront 
in ensuring that additional services required by funds and fund managers arising out of the spate of new 
regulations are catered for.

--- Page 115 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 106 - 
70-41023232 
 
 
Trusts business 
The Issuer's trusts unit was established in 2005, when the Issuer was granted authorisation by the MFSA to 
offer trustee services pursuant to Article 43(8)(i) of the Trusts and Trustees Act (Cap. 331 of the laws of 
Malta). 
In October 2015, the Issuer's Board of Directors resolved to exit the trusts business and gradually wind 
down all trust products. 
As at 30 June 2022, the total number of active trusts held was 23 with a total value of €59.1 million. This 
reflects a sharp decrease in the number of active trusts held, which stood at 616 in October 2015 (a decrease 
of 96 per cent) with a total value of €302 million (a decrease of 80 per cent).  Over 70 per cent. in value of 
total assets remaining relate to one trust whose assets have since been transferred out. This trust held 
immovable property and shares in unlisted companies as assets and since June 2022, all these assets have 
been transferred out of the trust. The closure of this trust is only pending a technicality. Apart from this 
outlier, four of the remaining trusts have a portfolio of investments as assets, and the remaining 18 trusts 
have one or more immovable properties as assets; 14 of these remaining trusts are in the process of being 
onboarded by a new trustee, while the others are following determined and agreed exit strategies towards 
their termination. For further information on the risks arising from the Issuer's trusts business, see the 
section entitled "Risks relating to the Issuer – Risks relating to the environment in which the Issuer operates 
– Risks arising from the Issuer's Trusts Business" above.   
Licensable activities performed by the Issuer and by the Subsidiaries 
The Issuer 
For the most part, the activities of the Issuer are licensable activities regulated under the domestic and EU 
financial regulatory framework. In this respect, the Issuer is licensed by the MFSA as: 
• 
a credit institution under the Banking Act (Cap. 371 of the laws of Malta); 
• 
an investment firm and depository pursuant to the Investment Services Act (Cap. 370 of the laws 
of Malta), authorising it to provide the above described types of investment services to retail, 
professional and eligible counterparties as well as depository services to UCITS funds; 
• 
a trustee or co-trustee pursuant to the Trusts and Trustees Act (Cap. 331 of the laws of Malta). 
Notwithstanding that the Issuer still holds this licence, pursuant to a decision of the Board, it has 
been resolved to wind down this business; and 
• 
a tied insurance intermediary of each of the Associated Companies under the Insurance Business 
Act (Cap. 403 of the laws of Malta). 
The Subsidiaries 
BOVAM is a Maltese licensed UCITS management company and is in possession of a services licence 
under the Investment Services Act (Cap. 370 of the laws of Malta), and is licensed to provide investment 
management services to retirement schemes and retirement funds under the Retirement Pensions Act (Cap. 
514 of the laws of Malta).  
BOVFS is a recognised fund administrator under the Investment Services Act (Cap. 370 of the laws of 
Malta) and is registered to act as a company service provider under the Company Service Providers Act 
(Cap. 529 of the laws of Malta). 
Capital overview 
The Group maintains its objective of actively managing capital in an integrated way, seeking to fulfil 
regulatory requirements, guarantee solvency, and maximise profit. Through this holistic approach, the 
Group is able to achieve long-term sustainability and identify growth opportunities which provide a 
sustainable risk-return performance. The Group's capital management approach aims to ensure a sufficient 
level of capitalisation to absorb unexpected losses from the occurrence of any of the risks it faces.

--- Page 116 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 107 - 
70-41023232 
 
As at the end of June 2022, the Issuer reported a solvency position which exceeds all minimum requirements 
as required by the CRR and CRD V, with the CET1 and total capital ratios standing at 20.3% (December 
2021: 21.9%) and 24.05% (December 2021: 25.5%), respectively. The obtained capital results enabled the 
Group to comply with all regulatory capital requirements and ensure a solid ground for the implementation 
of the Group's strategic initiatives. 
Capital instruments 
The Group's capital base currently comprises CET1 and Tier 2 Capital, as defined in Part Two of the CRR. 
The Group is continuously focused on further strengthening its CET1 capital, which is the highest quality 
capital, thus providing the greatest level of protection against losses. The Group's capital base primarily 
comprises issued ordinary shares and retained earnings, which form part of CET1 capital, the Group's core 
capital. 
Dividend Policy 
The Issuer is still operating in an environment characterised by heightened risks, both external risks, such 
as the changes brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic and the current geopolitical tensions, as well as 
risks specific to the Issuer, in particular the settlement of the Deiulemar case. Given the circumstances, the 
Board of Directors decided against the distribution of a final dividend for the financial year ending 2021 
and against the declaration of an interim dividend for the first half of 2022. This is in line with the Issuer's 
strategy to continue working towards maximising shareholder value, with a vision to restore the payment 
of dividends at levels that are adequate, stable and predictable. 
Risk transformation programme 
In accordance with Council Regulation 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013, all supervised banks falling under 
the supervisory authority of the ECB are subject to scheduled on-site inspections ("OSIs"). OSIs are part 
of routine scrutiny by the ECB and provide various benefits for financial institutions to adhere to regulatory 
objectives and best banking practices.  
In 2018, the Issuer was notified of the ECB's OSI on the measurement and management of operational 
risks. The ECB letter focused on four main themes, namely: 
• 
reinforcements of the governance arrangements; 
• 
enhancement of strategic planning process and risk appetite framework; 
• 
enhancement of risk management framework; and 
• 
strengthening of the internal control system. 
As a result, in 2019, the Issuer embarked on a remediation plan to address the findings, also known as the 
risk transformation programme ("RTP"). The RTP included projects/initiatives aimed at enhancing the 
overall risk profile, internal controls framework, anti-financial crime defences and governance structure.  
In particular, as part of its RTP, the Issuer agreed on a detailed action plan with its regulators which 
concentrated on delivering a strengthened controlled environment and capability in its governance, risk and 
compliance areas (see "Description of the Issuer – Risk Management" for further details). This included: 
• 
development of an enhanced risk culture underpinned by risk management skills and expertise, 
with a material increase in the quantity and quality of resources working in the second line of 
defense; 
• 
a revised strategic planning process, leading to the formulation of the plan named "BOV 2023" 
(see below under "Strategic initiatives of the Issuer"); 
• 
a comprehensive review of all non-resident clients at the international corporate centre and at the 
international personal banking unit, with a focus to significantly reduce high-risk clients and clients 
with no economic nexus to Malta (see below under "Anti-financial crime transformation");

--- Page 117 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 108 - 
70-41023232 
 
• 
a more stringent customer acceptance policy and strengthening of internal compliance capabilities 
in the business area;  
• 
a comprehensive review of the compliance and anti-financial crime framework and supporting 
structure, including transaction monitoring enhancements; 
• 
a strengthening of the governance structure with the implementation of enterprise-wide conflict of 
interest policy and independent suitability assessment of the management body in line with ESMA 
and EBA guidelines; 
• 
the hiring of experts with international experience, this included the chief executive officer and the 
chief finance officer (each in permanent roles), the money laundering reporting officer, the head 
of operational risk and the head transformation and strategy delivery (each in long-term consultant 
roles) and various experts in anti-financial crime to implement best practices and industry 
standards;   
• 
a strengthening of the risk appetite framework, with the implementation of Issuer wide operational 
risk limits and controls; and 
• 
a strengthening of the internal audit function and effectiveness. 
 
The Issuer worked closely with the ECB and demonstrated its alignment with the proposed remedial actions 
as set out in its RTP. Furthermore, the Issuer enhanced the effectiveness of the compliance and anti-
financial crime functions by improving the operating model and employee skills and capabilities, boosting 
senior management attention to compliance, strengthening compliance tools, systems and monitoring 
capabilities and upgrading the policy and escalation framework as well as risk ownership and culture (see 
"Description of the Issuer – Risk Management" for further details). 
In October 2021 the RTP was completed. Following the successful implementation of the RTP, the ECB 
improved the Issuer's SREP  score for 2021 related to internal governance and risk management. This 
resulted in a 25 basis points decrease in the P2R capital buffer. 
Anti-financial crime transformation 
The anti-financial crime ("AFC") transformation complemented the RTP as described in the section "Risk 
transformation programme" above.  The primary focus of such exercise was to reduce the risks at the 
Issuer’s international corporate centre ("ICC") and the international personal banking unit ("IPB"), 
concentrating on non-EU high risk corporate and retail clients and clients with no economic nexus to 
Malta.  Within these two units, a total of 38,007 client relationships were reviewed, split between 30,117 
IPB customers and 7,890 ICC customers. As at end July 2020, being the official end of the project to 
remediate ICC and IPB, a total of 24,975 client relationships were exited (20,229 IPB and 4,746 ICC), 
resulting in a 60 per cent. and 67 per cent. decrease in customer base at ICC and IPB respectively.  This 
exercise also led to a net decrease in aggregate deposits of €677 million at ICC and €159 million at IPB. In 
2019, a review of 5,786 high risk customers was initiated. This exercise was completed in 2022 and 525 
client relationships were terminated.

--- Page 118 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 109 - 
70-41023232 
 
As part of the RTP, the Issuer also enhanced the first line of defence at ICC and IPB. The Issuer continues 
to invest in a transformation programme, in line with greater changes across Malta, to meet new standards 
set by the regulators and the international community, as well as to deliver more resilient, long-term 
sustainable growth and profits. 
Fine imposed by the Financial Intelligence and Analysis Unit 
In December 2021, the Financial Intelligence and Analysis Unit ("FIAU") imposed a fine of €2.6 million 
on the Issuer as an administrative penalty for failing to report beneficial ownership information for 2,442 
corporate customers in the Central Bank Account Register ("CBAR") reporting to the FIAU. 1,144 of the 
2,442 corporate customers included: (i) 492 struck-off, in dissolution or inactive corporates; (ii) 556 
corporate customers requiring a review of the customer due diligence information and documentation held, 
some of which included entities with a corporate structure that included foreign entities; and (iii) 96 law 
firms. 
The Issuer took immediate action when the missing information has been detected, to address the matter in 
a full and transparent manner with the FIAU, and completed the CBAR remediation exercise before the 
imposition of the fine. In addition, the Issuer is also carrying out a bank-wide data quality review exercise. 
There is no suggestion that any of the affected accounts were involved in money laundering or financing 
terrorism.  
The fine imposed by the FIAU on the Issuer did not have any significant impact on its financial or capital 
position and the Issuer remains well capitalised and profitable. 
Anti-financial crime enterprise-wide business risk assessment 2022  
The Issuer’s anti-financial crime enterprise-wide business risk assessment ("EWBRA") carried out in 2022 
showed an improvement in the residual risk of the Issuer from 'medium-high' in 2020 to 'medium' in 2022. 
The planned actions and outcome of this assessment are summarised in the table below. 
 
Strategic initiatives of the Issuer 
During the 2020 financial year, the chief executive officer and the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
developed a comprehensive strategic transformation plan,  BOV 2023, for a three-year period between 2021 
and 2023. The overarching strategic ambition was to transform the Issuer into a more efficient, more 
customer-oriented and digital organisation whilst continuing to strengthen the control functions. 
BOV 2023 included a significant investment to re-establish the Issuer as the first-choice financial partner 
in Malta and covered every aspect of the Issuer's operations, services, customer interaction and how the 
Issuer does business. The transformation plan challenged all of the business heads to drive changes to how 
the Issuer works, optimising customer value engagement, digitising processes, streamlining and simplifying

--- Page 119 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 110 - 
70-41023232 
 
how the Issuer carries out business with its customers, becoming more customer driven, whilst at all times 
strengthening its control frameworks in all areas of risk and compliance. 
The environment in which the Issuer operates is more competitive than ever and the strategy sets out the 
Issuer's objective to meet the challenges presented by increased competition, whilst continuing to provide 
that optimised service level which the Issuer's customers desire. 
During 2021, in line with BOV 2023, the Issuer continue to deliver "step" changes in some critical priority 
areas despite the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic and rapidly evolving financial services 
industry. The Issuer significantly streamlined many of the processes, investing in new branches designed 
with customer needs as a core requirement, and in a refreshing and modern style. The Issuer also invested 
in training to over 600 front liners as "universal bankers", helping them to address customer needs quickly 
and efficiently. To meet the changing needs of customers, the Issuer reduced the need for customers to 
attend branch counters with more online traffic and is investing in digital services across all its range of 
products. The investment programme continues to deliver with new streamlined product offerings 
responding to customer needs with a continual focus on building a stronger, safer and a more 
customer-centric bank. 
The long-term sustainability of the Issuer and its support to the local economy were ensured through various 
initiatives. 
The strategic plan was based on the following three key strategic pillars: 
Transformation and digitalisation of the operating model 
The Issuer's customers are increasingly expecting straight-forward, contactless, digital banking services 
available round the clock via multi-channel access. The concept of the digital factory was established, 
bringing together all areas of the business, change teams, customer champions and technology teams to 
leverage best-in-class technology and provide straight-forward, efficient banking services to customers. 
During financial year in 2020, the Issuer embarked upon a major transformation programme of its branch 
network. Moreover, the entire processes behind two core customer service areas, namely home loans and 
investment services, continued to undergo extensive simplification and digitalisation with a view to 
augment user experience through improved efficiency. The Issuer is also working to significantly reduce 
customer reliance on more traditional over the counter 'in-branch' transactions to provide more time to 
properly develop customer relationships. In fact, during 2021, there was a significant increase in 
transactions that were processed electronically and the number of cheques processed went down by more 
than 50%. These initiatives will facilitate greater levels of availability for customer advisers to assist 
customers, significantly improve the customer experience, and provide greater flexibility when engaging 
with customers across all banking channels and portfolio services. 
Rebalancing the balance sheet  
In the current low-interest environment, the additional liquidity carried by the Issuer is driving considerable 
cost. Action is being taken to achieve a better loans-to-deposits ratio in the longer-term by focusing on one-
to-one pricing. The Issuer is restructuring its wealth management arm in an effort to boost assets under 
management and strengthening the customer proposition for customers to grow their wealth in line with 
their expectations and risk tolerance. More emphasis is also being placed on growing the loan book by 
offering high-value and innovative products to personal customers and SMEs. 
Bringing superior value to customers 
The Issuer is significantly enhancing its internal data capabilities to improve customer understanding and 
processes. A number of data quality enhancements are underway, which will support future product 
development and customer value, especially consumer finance. Moreover, the Issuer continued with 
extensive mentoring and training for all its workers to offer a more comprehensive and efficient service to 
customers via a single point of contact.

--- Page 120 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 111 - 
70-41023232 
 
The strategy enablers were as follows: 
Data analytics and IT 
The strategic enabler which underpins most other strategic projects is the leveraging of modern IT solutions 
and the implementation of a robust and extensive data management capability including an enhanced 
customer relationship management ("CRM") platform and advanced analysis at scale. The Issuer 
recognised the need for enhanced investment in technology and will build on its new core banking system 
to upgrade IT platforms in line with international standards. Strong data governance structures and 
extensive data platforms have become a mandatory cornerstone for business intelligence reporting, 
nurturing of customer relationships and management of business operations.  
Resourcing 
The employees of the Issuer are the principal enablers and therefore the foundations upon which any 
strategy is built. The Issuer is making sure that employees fully understand and support the strategy, and is 
empowering them to drive the change and mentoring them along the way. In the first quarter of 2021, a 
new, more horizontal organisational structure was implemented, which can offer enhanced career 
opportunities based upon a meritocratic assessment of capabilities and potential. The Issuer is moving 
towards a 'target organisation', which aligns its resources under three business operating pillars: retail, 
business and investments.  
Strengthening governance and risk 
The Issuer's new organisational structure lays down a solid foundation for strengthening its risk, compliance 
and internal audit functions, resourced with the necessary skills and competencies with effective tools and 
training to perform at their best. Tighter synergies are being achieved between the business generating 
functions and the back-end governance, monitoring and control structures by cascading relative 
responsibilities and assigning ownership of risks across the Issuer. Moreover, as part of the Issuer's 
commitments made to the ECB and the MFSA, the anti-financial crime transformation has materially 
concluded all of its commitments at the end of June 2021 and has also embarked on a proactive strategy of 
compliance and development of enhanced anti-financial crime systems to provide a longer-term sustainable 
solution to enable dynamic future focused capabilities for the Issuer. 
COVID-19 pandemic 
The different financial support measures introduced by both the authorities and the banking sector to 
support Maltese households and the business community enabled the number of defaulting customers to be 
limited. 
As a result of the decrease in the Issuer's expected credit loss ("ECL") during financial year 2021, the Issuer 
released €18.9 million in impairment provisions. 
Over the past two years, the Issuer provided substantial customer support through payment moratoria and 
provision of government-guaranteed funding to business customers through the BOV MDB COVID-19 
assist scheme administered by the Malta Development Bank ("MDB"). These measures, which were 
granted to eligible customers in line with CBM Directive 18 (Regulation on Moratoria on Credit Facilities 
in Exceptional Circumstances) of 13 April 2020, as amended, were key in alleviating business-specific 
liquidity shortages inevitably brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic.  
Moratoria 
The Issuer's objective was to help households retain an adequate disposable income and businesses to bridge 
their working capital deficiencies, respectively.  In total, up to December 2021, the Issuer provided 
moratoria to 2,770 customers (€803.9 million), 790 being business related customers (€587.27 million) and 
1,980 retail customers (€216.7 million), deferring collections in excess of €80 million. All sectors of the 
economy were provided with assistance, with the main ones being the accommodation sector, wholesale 
and retail, transport, entertainment and the personal services sector.

--- Page 121 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 112 - 
70-41023232 
 
The following is an update of the position as at end of December 2021: 
• 
Business related moratoria - as at the end of December 2021, the ratio of expired to non-expired 
moratoria stood at 96% to 4% respectively, in value terms. This entails that minimal amount of 
facilities (18 customers - 46 facilities with an on-balance sheet exposure of €37 million) still have 
an active moratorium with the remaining expiring by Q2 2022.  
• 
95% of total moratoria have now expired and repayments have been initiated. This also includes 
the accommodation sector where only 9% of balances relating to facilities granted a moratoria 
since the inception of the COVID-19 pandemic have still not started repaying. A high number of 
facilities have indeed now been repaying for a number of months. The total collections in terms of 
repayment schedule from these facilities over the last 12 months amounted to €135 million of 
which €130 million or 96% of total were repaid on time. The absolute majority of facilities are 
adhering in full to the scheduled repayments with only 1.4% having arrears in excess of 90 days. 
• 
Retail related moratoria – all moratoria granted to retail customers on their home loans and personal 
loans have now expired with the majority of payments being honored in full. The amount of 
facilities more than 90 days overdue relating to this portfolio amounts to 1.6%. 
BOV MDB COVID-19 assist scheme 
The BOV MDB COVID-19 assist scheme, which was first launched by the Issuer in April 2020, proved to 
be a very useful tool for businesses to shore up their cashflows, retain adequate liquidity levels and their 
going concern status.  
The Issuer made available a working capital loan product to its customers which is a risk-sharing instrument 
that is guaranteed by the MDB, having a guarantee rate of 90% at facility level and a portfolio cap rate of 
50%. This facility is open to both SMEs and large enterprises and all sectors of the economy are eligible to 
apply. The availability of the scheme has been extended up to 30 June 2022 to allow more businesses to 
avail themselves of this borrowing. Furthermore, the term of the loan has also been extended, from four or 
six years to eight years, subject to certain conditions being fulfilled. 
The key figures as at the end of December 2021are the following: 
• 
Total number of customers assisted amounted to 465 (496 facilities) through total sanctioned limits 
of €345 million, out of which €315 million have been disbursed (91% of sanctioned amounts). 
• 
A majority of sanctioned amounts were granted to the accommodation sector (24%), 
wholesale/retail (19%), construction (10%) and transportation (10%). 
• 
14% of advanced amounts have not yet commenced with their repayment programme, while 82% 
are repaying as per scheduled instructions. The remaining 3% have not yet withdrawn and utilised 
their facility.  
• 
The absolute majority of facilities are in order with around 1% having arrears above 90 days. 
Non-performing exposures 
Although the Issuer implemented a cautious approach and a number of customers experienced a downgrade 
in asset quality as a result of concerns relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Issuer saw an improvement 
in its asset quality over 2021, with the non-performing exposures ("NPE") ratio improving from 4.7% as 
at the end of 2020 to 4.1% in December 2021. As at the end of 2021, 84% of the total on balance sheet 
lending portfolio was classified in the International Financial Reporting Standard 9 – Financial Instruments 
("IFRS 9") Stage 1 category when compared to 83.8% at the end of 2020. IFRS 9 Stage 2 exposures 
increased from 11.5% to 11.9% during the same period, while IFRS 9 Stage 3 exposures decreased from 
4.7% to 4.1%. This information is illustrated in the figures below.

--- Page 122 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 113 - 
70-41023232 
 
 
 
Stage 1 ECL coverage 
 
Stage 2 ECL coverage 
 
Stage 3 ECL coverage

--- Page 123 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 114 - 
70-41023232 
 
The improvement in the NPE ratio is explained by the reduction of NPEs in the business loans segment, 
with its respective NPE ratio decreasing from 7.2% to 6.4%. The personal loans saw their NPE ratio 
decreasing from 4.5% in 2020 to 4.1% in 2021. Moreover, a reduction was also seen in the NPE ratio in 
the home loans segment from 2.1% in 2020 to 1.8% in 2021. The figure below illustrates the movement of 
NPE ratio by business segment over a three-year period. 
 
Accommodative monetary policy adopted by the ECB 
Since the capital and liquidity buffers have been designed with the intention to allow banks to withstand 
stressed situations such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the ECB has allowed banks to temporarily operate 
below the level of capital defined by the pillar 2 guidance ("P2G"), the CCB and the liquidity coverage 
ratio ("LCR"). Additionally, although the Issuer did not need to utilise such buffers, such measures were 
further enhanced by the relaxation of the CCyB by national macro-prudential authorities.  
This relief implied that the Issuer could at any time fully utilise its CCB and P2G, resulting in lower capital 
requirements. Notwithstanding the challenges the COVID-19 pandemic has presented, the Issuer has 
always maintained a strong capital position and there was no need to utilise any of these buffers, with the 
lowest CET1 ratios in 2020 and 2021 standing well above the maximum distributable amount. The CET1 
ratio as at end June 2022 was 20.3%. 
From a liquidity perspective, the Issuer's LCR ratio during the COVID-19 pandemic remained well above 
the 100% regulatory requirement with the ratio as at end June 2022 being 456.8%.

--- Page 124 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 115 - 
70-41023232 
 
 
Organisational Structure 
The Issuer is the parent company of the Group and is the sole direct shareholder of the subsidiaries. The 
organisational chart for the companies forming part of the Group as at the date of this Prospectus is as set 
out below: 
 
Details of the activities conducted by the subsidiaries are set out in "Principal activities" above. 
The following organisation chart depicts the relationship between the Issuer and the Associated Companies:  
 
The Issuer holds a 50 per cent. equity interest in MAPFRE MSV Life p.l.c., a company that operates as a 
life assurance business and which is licensed under the Insurance Business Act (Cap. 403 of the laws of 
Malta). MAPFRE MSV Life p.l.c. is registered as a public limited liability company in Malta under the 
Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the laws of Malta) with registration number C 15722 and has its registered 
office at The Mall, Triq il-Mall, Floriana FRN 1470, Malta. 
The Issuer also holds a 31.08 per cent. equity interest in MAPFRE Middlesea p.l.c., a company that operates 
the business of insurance, including group life assurance and which is licensed under the Insurance Business 
Act (Cap. 403 of the laws of Malta). MAPFRE Middlesea p.l.c. is registered as a public limited liability 
company in Malta under the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the laws of Malta) with registration number C 
5553 and has its registered office at Middlesea House, Floriana FRN 1442, Malta. MAPFRE Middlesea 
p.l.c.'s equity securities have been admitted to listing and trading on the Official List of the MSE. MAPFRE 
Middlesea p.l.c. holds a 50 per cent. equity interest in MAPFRE MSV Life p.l.c. 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies  
The Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors is the corporate organ which is ultimately collectively responsible for the Issuer's 
business and its supervision. The Board of Directors is entrusted with the overall direction and oversight of

--- Page 125 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 116 - 
70-41023232 
 
the Issuer and its business and is endowed with all the powers required for it to discharge its responsibilities, 
with the exception of the powers reserved by law to the shareholders' meeting. The powers of the Board are 
to be exercised in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the laws of Malta), 
other regulatory provisions in force such as the Banking Act and the Banking Rules issued thereunder, the 
Articles of Association and other applicable principles and criteria indicated in the Capital Markets Rules 
issued by the MFSA, including the Code of Principles of Good Corporate Governance and the Bye-Laws 
of the Malta Stock Exchange, where the shares of the Issuer are listed. 
The Board meets approximately monthly unless further meetings are required for the Board to discharge 
its duties effectively. The Board regularly reviews and evaluates the Issuer's corporate strategy, major 
operational and financial plans, risk policies, and performance objectives which are benchmarked against 
industry norms and business alternatives. The strategy, processes and policies adopted for implementation 
are regularly reviewed by the Board so that corrective measures can be taken to address any deficiencies 
and ensure the future sustainability of the enterprise. The Board also monitors implementation and 
corporate performance within the parameters of all relevant laws, regulations and codes of best business 
practice.  
As at the date of publication of this Prospectus, the Board of Directors consists of the following members: 
Dr Gordon Cordina 
 
 
Chairman and independent non-executive director 
Mr Rick Hunkin  
 
 
Executive director 
Mr Miguel Borg  
 
 
Executive director 
Dr Diane Bugeja 
 
 
Independent non-executive director 
Mr Alfred Lupi  
 
 
Independent non-executive director 
Ms Anita Mangion 
 
 
Independent non-executive director 
Mr Alfred Mifsud 
 
 
Independent non-executive director 
Mr Antonio Piras 
 
 
Independent non-executive director 
Mr James Grech  
 
 
Non-independent non-executive director 
Mr Godfrey Swain 
 
 
Independent non-executive director 
Ms Elizabeth Camilleri  
 
Independent non-executive director 
Mr Kevin J. Borg   
 
 
Independent non-executive director 
Ms Deborah Schembri*  
 
Independent non-executive director 
*subject to regulatory approval 
The business address of the Directors is as follows: The House of Four Winds, Triq l-Imtiehen, Valletta, 
VLT 1350, Malta. 
The functions of the members of the Board of Directors within the Issuer's business and their principal 
external activities performed outside of the Issuer's business (if any) which are of significance to the Issuer 
are as follows: 
Name 
Functions 
within 
the 
Issuer's 
business 
Principal activities outside of the 
Issuer's business 
Gordon Cordina 
Chairman of the environment, social 
and governance matters committee; 
Joint chairman of the nominations and 
remuneration committee;  
Member of the compliance and anti-
financial crime committee 
Chairman of MAPFRE MSV Life p.l.c.; 
Non-executive director of MAPFRE 
Middlesea p.l.c.; 
Member of  MAPFRE Middlesea p.l.c. 
audit committee  
Rick Hunkin 
Chief executive officer;  
Chairman of the executive committee 
and the data council; 
Deputy chairman of the asset and 
liability management committee and 
the credit committee;  
Chairman of the Malta Bankers' 
Association

--- Page 126 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 117 - 
70-41023232 
 
Name 
Functions 
within 
the 
Issuer's 
business 
Principal activities outside of the 
Issuer's business 
Member of the internal control and 
risk management committee, the 
product 
governance 
and 
pricing 
committee 
and 
the 
change 
management committee 
Miguel Borg 
Chief risk officer;  
Chairman of the credit committee, the 
internal control and risk management 
committee and the credit sanctioning 
committee;  
Member of the asset and liability 
management committee, the change 
management committee, the product 
governance and pricing committee 
and the data council;  
Non-executive director of BOV Fund 
Services Limited;  
Member of the Risk and Regulatory 
Committee 
of 
BOV 
Asset 
Management Limited;  
Chairman of Risk and Regulatory 
Committee of BOV Fund Services 
Limited 
Chairman of the risk committee of 
MAPFRE MSV Life p.l.c. 
Diane Bugeja 
Chairman of the compliance and anti-
financial crime committee;  
 
 
Alfred Lupi 
Chairman of the audit committee; 
 
Non-executive director BOV Fund 
Services Limited 
 
Anita Mangion 
Member of the audit committee and 
the 
environment, 
social 
and 
governance matters committee 
 
Alfred Mifsud 
Chairman of the risk committee;  
Member of the audit committee 
 
Antonio Piras 
Joint chairman of the nominations and 
remuneration committee;  
Member of the risk committee 
 
James Grech 
Executive 
of 
Foreign 
Bank 
Relationships Department

--- Page 127 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 118 - 
70-41023232 
 
Name 
Functions 
within 
the 
Issuer's 
business 
Principal activities outside of the 
Issuer's business 
Godfrey Swain 
Member of the risk committee and the 
environment, social and governance 
matters committee 
Non-executive director of MAPFRE 
MSV Life p.l.c. 
Elizabeth Camilleri 
Member of the environment, social 
and governance matters committee 
 
Kevin J. Borg 
Member of the compliance and anti-
financial crime committee 
 
Deborah Schembri* 
 
 
*subject to regulatory approval 
The Issuer has established a number of committees that provide the Board with the support necessary for 
the ongoing management and oversight of the Issuer and its business. Below is a summary of each 
committee and its function within the organisational structure of the Issuer and the Group. 
The audit committee  
The primary purpose of the audit committee is to protect the interests of the Issuer's shareholders and assist 
the Directors in conducting their role effectively so that the Issuer's decision-making capability and the 
accuracy of its reporting and financial results are maintained at high level at all times. The audit committee 
also oversees the Issuer's internal audit and control functions including activities to review and monitor, 
amongst other things: (i) the integrity of the Group’s financial statements and related announcements; (ii) 
the effectiveness of the Group’s internal controls and risk management; (iii) the effectiveness of the internal 
and external audit processes; and (iv) the Group’s relationship with external auditors. The audit committee 
also scrutinises and approves related-party transactions, taking into consideration the materiality and the 
nature of these transactions, to ensure that the arms' length principle is adhered to at all times.  
The nominations and remuneration committee  
The nominations and remuneration committee ("NRC") is responsible for proposing potential Board 
candidates and assessing Board performance, recommending changes where necessary, and assessing the 
adequacy of individual Board members periodically. The NRC is also responsible in ensuring that 
succession is in place for the executive committee and key functions of the Group, and in nominating 
suitable candidates for the executive committee, senior management, and key function holders. The NRC 
periodically reviews Board policy for the selection and appointment of roles to the Board.  
The NRC is also tasked with overseeing the development and implementation of the remuneration and 
related Group policies. Its primary purpose is to make recommendations to the Board of Directors on the 
Group's remuneration policy, support the Board in overseeing the remuneration system's design and 
operation, and to ensure that remuneration is appropriate and consistent with the Issuer's culture, long-term 
business and risk appetite, performance and control environment, as well as any legal or regulatory 
requirements. The role of the NRC is to decide the appropriate remuneration packages needed to attract, 
retain and motivate Directors, as well as executive committee members and other key function holders 
required for the proper governance of the Group. 
The risk committee  
The risk committee assists the Board in assessing the different types of risks to which the organisation is 
exposed. This committee is responsible for the proper implementation and review of the Group's risk 
policies related mainly, but not restricted to, capital adequacy, credit, market and operational risks. It reports 
to the Board on the adequacy, or otherwise, of such policies. The risk committee is also responsible for 
reviewing delegated limits, together with an oversight of the Group's monitoring and reporting systems, to 
ensure regular and appropriate monitoring and reporting on the Group's risk positions.

--- Page 128 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 119 - 
70-41023232 
 
The compliance and anti-financial crime committee  
The primary objective of the compliance and anti-financial crime committee is to assist and guide the Board 
of Directors in the discharge of their obligations imposed from time to time by regulation in the area of 
financial services, and given the Issuer acts as a credit and financial institution licensed to provide services 
under different laws, within the framework of the compliance function as defined in the compliance charter 
and as approved by the Board of Directors. This committee is also responsible for assisting the Issuer 
combatting financial crime and money-laundering activities. 
The environment, social and governance matters ("ESG") committee 
In late 2021, the Board discussed the importance of prioritising ESG, noting that ESG is a key challenge 
for the coming years, to be placed at the same level as the second line of defense functions. The Issuer has  
set up a Board ESG committee which came into effect from 1 January 2022. 
The primary purpose of the ESG committee is to assist the Board in devising the Issuer's medium to long-
term strategy relating to ESG matters, periodically review the implementation of the Issuer's ESG strategy 
taking into account the evolving European and national regulatory framework, review the  Issuer’s 
practices, initiatives and public relations relating to ESG, and ensue that such practices and initiatives 
remain effective and up to date. 
The executive committee 
The executive committee is the key management decision making body of the Issuer and is chaired by the 
Board-appointed chief executive officer. Its main purpose is to develop and deliver strategies to the Board 
for approval, and then to implement the strategies by managing the business to deliver against key targets, 
within Board approved risk appetite levels, key policy and all regulatory requirements. It drives all 
operations of the business and takes key decisions within authorities approved by the Board.  
The executive committee is entrusted with the overall responsibility for monitoring and managing the 
Issuer's financial and operational performance, overseeing the execution of the Issuer's strategy, monitoring 
customer experience and taking the necessary decisions to ensure that the Issuer is operating within the 
requirements of the applicable rules and regulations. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the executive committee of the Issuer comprises of the following persons: 
Mr Rick Hunkin* 
Chairman 
Mr Miguel Borg 
Deputy Chairman 
Ms Izabela Banas 
Member 
Mr Ernest John Agius 
Member 
Mr Joseph Noel Agius 
Member 
Mr Kenneth Farrugia 
Member 
Mr Albert Frendo 
Member 
Mr Anatoli Grech 
Member 
Mr Simon Azzopardi 
Member 
Mr Theodoros Papadopoulos 
Member 
*The contract of Mr Rick Hunkin as chief executive officer was for a fixed period of three years and will 
expire in November 2022.  Mr Hunkin had indicated from the outset of his appointment that he would not 
wish to extend and in line with good governance practices, the Issuer has been progressing succession plans 
since last year and anticipates the timely identification and appointment of the successor chief executive 
officer. 
The chief internal auditor, Ms Elena Dourou, and the acting chief people and change officer, Mr Ray 
Debattista, have an open invitation to attend all executive committee meetings at their discretion. 
The business address of the executive committee is as follows: BOV Centre, Triq il-Kanun, Zone 4, Central 
Business District, Santa Venera, CBD 4060, Malta. 
The functions of the members of the executive committee within the Issuer's business and their principal 
activities outside the Issuer's business (if any) of significance to the Issuer are as follows:

--- Page 129 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 120 - 
70-41023232 
 
Name 
Functions 
within 
the 
Issuer's 
business 
Principal 
activities 
outside 
the 
Issuer's business 
Rick Hunkin 
Chief executive officer; 
Chairman of the executive committee 
and the data council;  
Deputy chairman of the asset and 
liability management committee and 
the credit committee;  
Member of the internal control and 
risk management committee, the 
product 
governance 
and 
pricing 
committee 
and 
the 
change 
management committee     
Chairman of the Malta Bankers' 
Association 
Miguel Borg 
Chief risk officer;  
Chairman of the credit committee, the 
internal control and risk management 
committee and the credit sanctioning 
committee;  
Member of the asset and liability 
management committee, the change 
management committee, the product 
governance and pricing committee 
and the data council;  
Non-executive director of BOV Fund 
Services Limited;  
Member of the Risk and Regulatory 
Committee 
of 
BOV 
Asset 
Management Limited;  
Chairman of Risk and Regulatory 
Committee of BOV Fund Services 
Limited 
Chairman of the risk committee of 
MAPFRE MSV Life p.l.c. 
Izabela Banas 
Chief finance officer;  
Chairman of the asset and liability 
management committee  
Deputy chairman of the change 
management committee;  
Member of the credit committee, the 
internal control and risk management 
committee, the product governance 
and pricing committee and the data 
council 
Director of MAPFRE MSV Life p.l.c.;  
Member of the audit committee of 
MAPFRE MSV Life p.l.c.;  
Ernest John Agius 
Chief operations officer;  
Director of Churchwharf Properties 
Limited

--- Page 130 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 121 - 
70-41023232 
 
Name 
Functions 
within 
the 
Issuer's 
business 
Principal 
activities 
outside 
the 
Issuer's business 
Member of the internal control and 
risk management committee, the 
product 
governance 
and 
pricing 
committee, the change management 
committee and the data council 
Joseph Noel Agius 
Chief technology officer;  
Member of the internal control and 
risk management committee, the 
change management committee and 
the data council 
 
Kenneth Farrugia 
Chief retail banking officer;  
Deputy chairman of the internal 
control 
and 
risk 
management 
committee;  
Member of the product governance 
and pricing committee, the asset and 
liability management committee, , the 
credit 
committee, 
the 
change 
management committee and the data 
council;  
Chairman of the board of BOV Fund 
Services Limited;  
Director of BOV Asset Management 
Limited 
Director of Vilhena Funds SICAV 
Albert Frendo 
Chief business banking officer;  
Member of the product governance 
and pricing committee, the asset and 
liability management committee, the 
internal control and risk management 
committee, the credit committee, the 
credit sanctioning committee, the 
change management committee and 
the data council 
Director of Tigne' Mall p.l.c. 
Anatoli Grech 
Group chief compliance officer; 
Deputy 
chair 
of 
the 
product 
governance and pricing committee 
and the internal control and risk 
management committee; 
Member of the change management 
committee and the data council;  
Director of BOV Asset Management 
Limited;  
Member of the risk and regulatory 
committee of MAPFRE MSV Life p.l.c.

--- Page 131 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 122 - 
70-41023232 
 
Name 
Functions 
within 
the 
Issuer's 
business 
Principal 
activities 
outside 
the 
Issuer's business 
Chairman of the risk and regulatory 
committee 
of 
BOV 
Asset 
Management Limited;  
Member of the risk and regulatory 
committee of BOV Fund Services 
Limited 
Simon Azzopardi 
Chief wealth management officer;  
Member of the asset and liability 
management committee, the internal 
control 
and 
risk 
management 
committee, the product governance 
and pricing committee, the change 
management committee and the data 
council;  
Chairman of the board of BOV Asset 
Management Limited;  
Director of BOV Fund Services 
Limited;  
Member of the investment committee 
and the risk and regulatory committee 
of BOV Asset Management Limited 
and of the risk committee of BOV 
Fund Services Limited 
Member of the investment committees 
of MAPFRE MSV Life p.l.c. and 
MAPFRE Middle Sea Insurance;  
Director of Growth Investments Ltd (C 
21821) 
Theodoros 
Papadopoulos 
Chief 
digital, 
strategy 
and 
transformation officer; 
Chairman of the change management 
committee; 
Deputy chairman of the data council; 
Member of the product governance 
and pricing committee 
 
 
The Board of Directors has approved the following management committees to support the Group chief 
executive officer and the executive committee in their management functions. 
The asset and liability management committee 
The asset and liability management committee ("ALCO") is a sub-committee of the executive committee. 
The committee takes an integrated view to managing the Issuer's assets and liabilities to achieve an optimal 
balance between risk and return. ALCO is responsible for oversight of interest rate risk, liquidity risk and 
solvency position of the Issuer's balance sheet.  
It is also entrusted with the responsibility for reviewing and approving investment and funding strategy, to 
recommend to the executive committee and the Board a risk appetite framework which relates to interest 
rate risk, liquidity risk, solvency position and the investment and funding strategy. ALCO is also 
responsible for reviewing and recommending to the executive committee and the Board the Internal Capital

--- Page 132 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 123 - 
70-41023232 
 
Adequacy Assessment Process ("ICAAP") and the Internal Adequacy Assessment Process ("ILAAP"). 
ALCO is also responsible for reviewing and recommending to the executive committee and the Board the 
Capital Plan, the dividend policy and other regulatory capital issues. ALCO serves as a steering committee 
for the Issuer's recovery and resolution plan.  
ALCO meets at least once a month to analyse financial information and to ensure the prudent management 
of balance sheet and market risks. ALCO is chaired by the chief executive officer and is composed of 
members of senior management. 
The internal control and risk management committee 
The internal control and risk management committee's ("ICRMC") role is to assist the executive 
management in the effective implementation of sound practices for the management and supervision of the 
Issuer's enterprise risk management, compliance and financial crime risk.  
The committee reviews and recommends policies on risk management, compliance and anti-financial crime 
and supports adherence to and oversees efficient implementation of compliance policies, rules and 
regulations.  
To fulfil its responsibilities, the committee ensures the Issuer has an efficient and effective control 
mechanism and reviews and discusses issues raised by the control functions on the effectiveness of the 
internal control systems.  
The ICRMC is also tasked with setting and maintaining from time to time the terms of reference of focused 
forums which report directly to the ICRMC.  
The ICRMC is also responsible for advising and supporting the executive committee in the formulation of 
the Issuer's risk appetite and to advise and support in the monitoring of the Group's actual and future risks. 
The ICRMC meets at least once a month to advise and support the Board in assessing the different types of 
risks to which the Group is exposed.   
The credit committee 
The credit committee is responsible for assisting the executive committee in implementing and monitoring 
the credit strategy, non-performing loans strategy, level of credit provisioning and debt management. It 
advises and supports the executive committee in the formulation of the Issuer's risk appetite and strategy 
on credit and approves policies in relation to credit in line with the policy governance framework.  
The credit sanctioning committee  
The credit sanctioning committee covers two aspects of sanctioning: a) underwriting performing exposures 
for new lending and reviews of existing lending facilities above a pre-determined exposure and b) non-
performing loans above a pre-determined amount; and deciding on renewal and confirmation of existing 
credit lines and changes to existing terms of such facilities.   
The product governance and pricing committee 
The product governance and pricing committee ("PGPC") is a sub-committee of the executive committee 
and is entrusted with ensuring the Issuer has a product governance and pricing framework in place. In 
discharging its responsibilities, the PGPC ensures that both existing and new products are analysed in terms 
of target market, appropriateness, appropriateness of distribution channels for the target market, testing 
validation of methodologies have been considered, that any potential conflicts of interest are managed and 
that pricing adequately covers the risk and costs involved.   
The change management committee 
The change management committee ("CMC") is a sub-committee of the executive committee and its 
primary role is to develop, oversee and direct the Issuer's major change programmes to fulfil the Issuer's 
strategic objectives. This includes reviewing, prioritising, establishing, resourcing, allocating capital 
investment and monitoring all of the Issuer's major strategic initiatives. These responsibilities are achieved 
by ensuring alignment and support of all selected initiatives with the major goals, strategy and overall 
direction of the Issuer. In addition, the CMC ensures that all initiatives currently being executed are well-

--- Page 133 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 124 - 
70-41023232 
 
optimised and provide good value and return on investment. Apart from maintaining continual oversight of 
in-flight programmes, the CMC resolves resource conflicts as well as redundancies between or among 
potential new investment and continuing initiatives. The CMC meets on a monthly basis. 
The data council 
The data council, which was set up in 2022, is a sub-committee of the executive committee and its primary 
role is to oversee all aspects of data management controls and governance, including the development 
oversight, and implementation of data strategy, data systems, data confidentiality, integrity and availability, 
data ownership and governance, and data plans and initiatives, while managing the upstream and 
downstream impacts of data changes. 
Risk management 
The Group strives to promulgate a healthy risk culture which reflects core institutional values through 
various initiatives. The Group's various constituent elements of the mission statement help promote the 
pervasive institution-wide risk culture such as 'Our goal', 'Our mission', 'Our values', 'Our people' 
'Environment' and 'Corporate social responsibility'. The risk culture is also formally enshrined through a 
dedicated section within the Group's Risk Appetite Framework ("RAF") and the Group conducts employee 
engagement surveys from time to time to gauge the prevailing risk culture among the workforce and follows 
up from time to time with initiatives for further improvement, such as the employee engagement plan which 
comprises short, medium and long-term goals intended to consolidate risk culture over time.  
Training is provided to staff specifically on risk culture and other subject matters which indirectly 
contributes to having the right risk culture. This includes electronic risk awareness training and videos on 
diverse risk-related subjects, such as the RAF, anti-money laundering and cybersecurity. Risk culture also 
features in the draft RAF.  
A risk culture dashboard is raised on a quarterly basis for deliberation by top-level management and Board 
committees and comprises of four risk areas, namely, transparency, acknowledgement, responsiveness and 
request.  These are further divided into 11 risk dimensions. Risk correspondents are also appointed across 
the diverse functional areas within the Group. These officials work in close contact with staff helping them 
to identify, report, remediate, manage, and control risks 'on the ground', especially operational risk events. 
The Group wishes to maintain the essential elements of its risk culture driven primarily by the Board of 
Directors which sets the Group's guiding and ethical values. The Group adopts initiatives and policies that 
contribute to the long-term stability and strength of Malta's economy and remains conscious of all 
stakeholders, ensuring that the needs of one particular group do not dominate the needs of others. The 
Group takes a long-term perspective when making decisions, ensuring that it remains financially sustainable 
and compliant with regulatory standards, putting an emphasis on the quality of service to support its 
customers.  
It is necessary for the Group to be innovative and look to leverage new technologies that help improve the 
efficiency of operations and customer service, while at all times ensuring that the robustness and continuity 
of the Group's IT infrastructure is enhanced. The Group believes that risks are to be taken on, as directed 
by the Board of Directors, only when the Group holds the necessary competence. There is an emphasis on 
ethical conduct and the importance of preserving stakeholders' trust in the Group and the Group's reputation, 
where employees are expected to comply with both the latter and the spirit of all applicable laws, regulations 
and the Group's policies and procedures. Transparent communication within the Group also ensures that 
risk information is escalated upwards, cascaded downwards and consolidated across to have a strong risk 
culture across all the organisation, enabling appropriate risk-based decision-making. In this respect, 
decision-making across the Group based on risk considerations becomes an automatic and sub-conscious 
process. 
The Group's RAF is reviewed at least annually. The RAF is the mechanism through which the Group 
ensures that its risk profile remains within its appetite and capacity to bear risk and is linked to the strategic 
planning process thereby helping the Board of Directors, supported by the executive committee, set 
strategic orientations to develop a sustainable business within the defined boundaries of operation, defined 
both by regulators and stakeholders’ expectations. The RAF ensures that the Group meets all regulatory 
standards as an authorised EU Bank. The key components of the RAF are the Group's risk culture, key 
aspirations and objectives as identified in the Group's strategic plan. A set of guiding principles, qualitative

--- Page 134 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 125 - 
70-41023232 
 
appetite statements and metrics, as well as risk appetite statements for key risk categories, all form part of 
the RAF. The RAF also covers group-wide quantitative metrics with associated calibration (targets, limits 
and tolerances) while the Group's key risk indicators ("KRIs") covers risks emanating from capital, credit, 
liquidity, cost of funding, market, operational, anti-financial crime, legal, market and conduct, business and 
strategic, reputation, profitability, systemic and economic factors. The RAF provides for business line 
specific statements and quantitative metrics along with associated calibration, specific mitigants and 
controls for key risks. The Group's policies should be consistent with the Group's RAF. These policies 
support the effective implementation of the Group's risk appetite statements ensuring that the Group's 
employees do not take actions which lead to breaches of the limits. The Group's governance structure 
supports its RAF, which includes clearly articulated roles and responsibilities (for the three lines of defence, 
management and the Board of Directors) with a risk-monitoring and escalation process, in particular to 
business lines management, risk management, executive committee, risk committee and the Board of 
Directors. The Group also has a RAF communication plan in place.  
Operational risk is managed across the Group with the help of core framework tools such as risk event 
management, risk and control self assessments ("RCSA") supplemented by specialised assessments, 
scenario analysis, KRIs, as well as emanating action management. 
The Issuer applies a three lines of defence model for operational risk governance. The first line of defence 
(the "1LoD") is constituted by the functions that are accountable for the identification, ownership and 
management of the risk, namely the organisation units. The second line of defence (the "2LoD") supports 
the assessment and monitoring of risk at all levels, while helping the 1LoD to improve its capability to 
identify and control risks. The 2LoD is represented by the functions that oversee risks, namely the risk 
management department and the compliance department. The risk management function operates within a 
wider bank structure that reflects the risk appetite and risk management philosophy as articulated by the 
Board of Directors. The Group Internal Audit ("GIA") is the third line of defence (the "3LoD") providing 
independent assurance to the Board on the quality and effectiveness of the Issuer's internal control, risk 
management and governance systems.  
The implementation of operational risk management has been strengthened via the introduction of a new 
role of embedded first line risk correspondents, that liaise between the 1LoD and the 2LoD and champion 
good risk management practices within their respective areas and assist management with the discharge of 
their risk and control responsibilities. The 2LoD, operational risk management unit ("ORMU"), acts 
independently from risk generating business lines. It is primarily tasked with delivering and upholding a 
robust operational risk management framework and culture across the Group, and providing training, 
oversight and scrutiny. The unit is responsible for the design, development, delivery, and continuous 
improvement of the operational risk management processes through the provisioning of the appropriate 
infrastructure, tools and methodology for rolling out operational risk management throughout the Group, 
ensuring that the overall risk portfolio is managed in line with the operational risk policy.   
ORMU is comprised of three units. The business partnering unit is responsible for the framework, 
collection, and analysis of loss of data, as well as for providing dedicated business partnering support to 
every department of the Issuer. It ensures that risks are identified, assessed, managed and reported. The 
second unit deals with information technology and change risk, overseeing information and communication 
technology risk, the cyber-risk framework and its supporting elements, and the Issuer's areas of weaknesses 
and vulnerabilities. The third unit manages operational resilience and third-party risk, coordinating the 
Issuer's business continuity and crisis management which was instrumental during the COVID-19 
pandemic. The third unit also oversees outsourcing and supplier management, being areas of high 
regulatory focus.  
ORMU continues to strengthen its management of operational risk through the implementation and use of 
various modules of the dedicated operational risk management system that consolidates information related 
to risks, loss events and controls. This is also achieved by developing and communicating a core set of 
policies, such as operational risk policy, information security policy, operational resilience and outsourcing 
policies among others. 
The Group continues to invest in strengthening its control environment, leveraging on automation to 
optimise the efficiency and effectiveness of the control design. Material risks are reported and escalated to 
the Group's governance structure in order to give executive management and Board committee members' 
visibility of these risks, and a medium to ensure that corrective action, to lower the risk of exposure, has 
been taken. The treatment and mitigation of risk is key to ensure that the Group risk profile remains within

--- Page 135 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 126 - 
70-41023232 
 
the risk appetite. The Group employs a mix of risk mitigation strategies, including risk control, transfer 
(through insurance) and acceptance. Given the nature and magnitude of the threat, the Group decides which 
strategy would be a best fit to lower the likelihood and financial impact arising from a risk event. Where 
feasible and cost effective, high impact risks are mitigated through the Group's insurance coverage. The 
Group has different classes of insurance cover to protect the Group's assets and core operations. The 
monthly operational risk dashboard that is presented to the executive management and the Board is also 
shared with the ECB.  
In order to achieve effective monitoring and measurement of operational risk, the Issuer enhanced and 
improved the operational risk framework which comprises the following elements: 
(i) 
Risk appetite and KRIs 
The Issuer applies a two-tier approach to KRIs. 'Top of the house' RAF KRIs and business-specific 
KRIs (lower-level indicators) are developed following the RCSA process. Each material residual 
risk requires the creation of a KRI. 
(ii) 
Risk and control self assessments 
The RCSA forms part of the new operational risk framework approved by the Board to help 
identify, mitigate, and manage risks per business area. The outcome of each RCSA is discussed 
and agreed to with the respective executive committee member which signifies that RCSA is fit 
for purpose and represents a true and fair reflection of the area's risk and control profile. The results 
are then presented to the ICRMC. 
(iii) 
Events and losses 
Loss events are a result of control failures or inadequate management of risks. Root cause analysis 
of material risk events are conducted in order to ascertain and agree upon further actions needed 
to lower the likelihood of future recurrence. The Issuer also carries out a lesson-learned exercise 
for material risk events to identify ways to improve work processes. 
(iv) 
Action management 
Action plans aimed at addressing and mitigating identified material risks are drawn up. These plans 
are then recorded on the Issuer's dedicated operational risk IT system and followed up accordingly. 
(v) 
Scenario analysis 
A workshop is held with subject matter experts to examine the event, define its impacts as well as 
any actions, if any, to improve the control environment. The outcome of scenario analysis is signed 
off by the executive sponsor. 
Moreover, the reporting to the Issuer's governance committees was also enhanced with business areas 
submitting standardised risk and control reports. This has enabled the 2LoD operational risk department to 
exercise improved oversight and scrutiny, providing meaningful opinion and executing in-depth analysis. 
The regulatory compliance function incorporates regulatory change and oversight, ethics, conflict of 
interest, trade surveillance and data protection, while the anti-financial crime function is responsible for 
sanction monitoring, anti-bribery and corruption, quality assurance and testing, policy development and 
advisory and the function of the money laundering reporting officer. Both functions act as a 2LoD and are 
primarily responsible to: (i) set the appetite, frameworks, policies, risk methodologies and models; (ii) 
provide advice to the 1LoD; and (iii) conduct oversight of the effectiveness of first line controls. The Issuer 
has strengthened its 2LoD with experienced resources (including the hiring of a sanctions specialist and 
anti-bribery and corruption specialist, the introduction of a new team of experienced data scientists and the 
reshuffling of existing anti-financial crime compliance staff to better implement the new policy framework) 
and consequently widened its monitoring activities. The business functions within the 1LoD have also 
strengthened their defence with an enhanced structure and dedicated resources. The enhanced structure 
includes:

--- Page 136 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 127 - 
70-41023232 
 
(i) 
Client lifecycle management 
• Customer advisory and compliance – review and veto onboarding of high-risk clients, and 
advise on the front line queries.  
• Customer review team – carry out annual review of high-risk clients and event driven reviews. 
• Assurance and control – quality assurance of the customer review teams and follow-up of any 
risk and audit actions. 
• Management information and analytics – various reporting on speed, quality and scheduling 
of account reviews.  
(ii) 
Transaction monitoring and screening  
• Payment screening – carry out pre-transaction monitoring by reviewing incoming and outgoing 
payments (SWIFT payments – Safe Watch and SEPA payments – Firco Soft) hits. 
• Payment investigations – investigate operational and compliance issues on both live payments 
and those in progress.  
• Transactional analysis and monitoring – review system generated alerts from the Issuer's post 
transaction monitoring tool (FCRM), as well as review and process name screening alerts. 
(iii) 
Anti-financial crime specialist roles 
The anti-financial crime specialist roles were introduced within specific areas such as the retail 
network, credit and wealth management. These specialists assist the 1LoD in queries concerning 
financial crime and contribute in the development, implementation and maintenance of an anti-
money laundering and counter-financing terrorism ("AML/CFT") program in the respective 
business areas. They also manage all anti-money laundering monitoring tasks, as well as support 
and drive a culture of anti-money laundering compliance throughout the respective business areas.  
The Issuer adopted a three-tier policy framework. The level 1 policy sets the Issuer's appetite for compliance 
and, separately, anti-financial crime, covering anti-financial crime core principles and policy statements 
(from the level 2 policies). Level 1 policies are approved by the Board of Directors. Level 2 policies, 
including key policy principles, have been implemented, which include client and business conduct policy, 
market conduct policy, regulatory and supervisory management policy, conflict of interest policy, personal 
account dealing policy, data protection policy, anti-bribery and corruption policy, anti-tax evasion policy, 
customer acceptance policy, sanctions policy, customer due diligence policy, transaction monitoring and 
reporting policy and correspondent relationship policy.  Level 3 documents, which include procedures and 
guidelines, have been developed to provide operational guidance on the level 2 policies and anti-financial 
crime core principles. From an anti-financial crime perspective, information technology tools are being 
enhanced and implemented to strengthen monitoring and control. 
As the 3LoD, the GIA is committed to safeguard and protect the Group's organisational value and 
reputation, and provide insight and support in an advisory role. The GIA reports functionally to the Issuer's 
Board of Directors through the audit committee, and administratively to the chief executive officer. 
Through its autonomous and independent function, the GIA conducts risk-based audit assignments with the 
scope of providing assurance on the Issuer's adequacy and effectiveness of governance, risk management, 
and internal control processes, ensuring that the Issuer achieves its goals and objectives. In setting out its 
priorities, the GIA concentrates on key/material areas and processes. To ensure that the risks identified in 
audit reports are appropriately addressed, audit findings are actively followed up by the GIA until 
implementation. Regular updates are made on the status of audit findings to different forums within the 
organisation. The GIA also monitors and supports the Issuer on findings arising from external parties (such 
as the external auditors and the Supervisory Authorities), apart from providing advisory services as needed. 
The GIA also collaborates with second line of defence functions (such as risk, compliance, anti-financial 
crime, and finance) in the areas of governance, risk management and controls.

--- Page 137 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 128 - 
70-41023232 
 
 
The table below depicts the Group's risk, governance and control map following the RTP.  
*R.R.P. – Recovery and Resolution Planning 
*C.F.P. – Contingency Funding Plan 
Conflicts of Interest 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no conflicts of interest between the duties of the Directors 
or the executive committee towards the Issuer and their private interests and/or other duties. Conflicts of 
interest may, however, arise in respect of certain future transactions, such as the granting of credit facilities 
by the Issuer to any of the Directors and/or any companies in which they may be involved. In such instances, 
such conflicts will be managed in the best interests of the Issuer in accordance with the procedures set out 
in the Issuer's conflicts of interest policy and the procedures set out in the Articles of Association. The latter 
provide that any director who is, in any way, whether directly or indirectly, interested in a contract or 
proposed contract or in any transaction or arrangement (whether or not constituting a contract) with the 
Issuer must: (i) declare to the other directors the nature of such interest pursuant to the provisions of the 
Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the laws of Malta); and (ii) not vote at a meeting of Directors in respect of any 
transaction, contract or arrangement in which they have a material interest, whether direct or indirect.  
Major Shareholders 
To the extent known by the Issuer, direct or indirect control of the Issuer is not vested in any one single 
entity or person. As at the date of the Prospectus, the Issuer is not aware of any arrangements, the operation 
of which may, at a subsequent date, result in a change of control of the Issuer. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following shareholders hold in excess of 5 per cent. of the share 
capital of the Issuer having voting rights: 
Government of Malta 
25.0 per cent. 
UniCredit S.p.A. 
10.2 per cent. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
The Group is currently defending various judicial proceedings and claims before courts, tribunals and the 
arbiter for financial services. 
Between 2018 and 2020, the Issuer was served with 5 claims totalling circa €918,000 on behalf of different 
Italian investors who all claimed that they had invested sums of money with a foreign company and had, 
on the instructions of said foreign company, paid for said investments by direct transfer to an account held 
with the Issuer in the name of another company registered and licensed under the MFSA. The claimants 
attributed their loss to the Issuer's lack of due diligence regarding a corporate entity. In one such claim, the 
Italian Court of First Instance found in favour of the Issuer and the claimant appealed. As at the date of the 
Base Prospectus, the Issuer is awaiting the first hearing at appellate stage.

--- Page 138 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 129 - 
70-41023232 
 
There are two ongoing judicial cases lodged against the Issuer and others claiming for the loss in value in  
various policies such claimants had invested in 1996 and 1997 as said policies at maturity date yielded 
lower amounts than allegedly originally estimated. The claimants are estimating their loss to be in the region 
of €823,000. These cases are still at the Italian Court of First Instance. 
In another case, the plaintiff creditors in bankruptcy and competition of creditors are claiming that the 
Issuer's non-renewal of the debtor's life policy prejudiced their ability to recover the sums due to them 
estimated to be circa €424,000. The Italian Court of First Instance found in favour of the Issuer. The case 
is now subject to appeal. 
The Issuer has not set aside any provisions to cover for the claims mentioned above.  
There are other judicial cases where the amount claimed is either not material or has not been quantified by 
the claimant and hence cannot be gauged. Furthermore, there are a number of instances where the Issuer 
has been served with judicial protests, which the Issuer has duly replied to or is in the process of replying 
to. 
Recently settled litigation 
The Deiulemar case 
The Deiulemar case involved an action, brought against the Issuer in its capacity as trustee of Giano, Gilda, 
and Capital Trust by the Curators in Bankruptcy of the societa di fatto Deiulemar (the "Curators"), which 
under Italian law is known as an azione revocatoria.  The case was heard before the Courts in Torre 
Annunziata.  
The Curators claimed that the establishment of the trusts (which resulted in the Issuer holding, as trustee, 
all of the shares in Taggia LXVII (a company incorporated in Madeira, Portugal), which in turn held 100% 
of the shares in Lamain S.A. which in turn held 100% of the shares in Deiulemar Holding S.p.A.), resulted 
in the hiving off of significant assets of the Deiulemar Group, consisting of Deiulemar Holdings Srl ("DH") 
and its subsidiaries, to the detriment of the general body of creditors and to the benefit of the three families 
who were the beneficiaries of the trusts. Moreover, given that from the date of the settlement in trust until 
the date of the institution of the action the shares in Taggia LXVII allegedly decreased in value, the Issuer 
was requested to pay an amount equivalent to the value of the shares of Taggia LXVII at the time of 
settlement. 
Background 
The Deiulemar Group was a fairly large shipping group operating from Campania in Italy, in the province 
of Naples. The Deiulemar Group was declared bankrupt in 2012. It was ultimately owned, by Lucia Boccia, 
Michele Iuliano, Giuseppe Lembo and Maria Luigia Lembo (the "UBOs"). Over the years, the Deiulemar 
Group underwent a number of restructurings. By around 2007, all the operating companies were owned by 
DH. DH itself was owned by fiduciaries on behalf of the UBOs. 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Operating

--- Page 139 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 130 - 
70-41023232 
 
In March 2008, a company called Taggia LXVII Consultadoria e Servicios Sociedat Unipessoal L.D.A. 
("Taggia") was acquired by the UBOs. Soon after, Taggia acquired all the shares in another company, 
Lamain S.A. ("Lamain"). At the point of acquisition by the Deiulemar Group, Taggia and Lamain had no 
material assets or liabilities and, except for the fact that they were owned by the UBOs, they were unrelated 
to the Deiulemar Group. In April 2008, the UBOs sold their entire shareholding in DH to Lamain for €363 
million. The price for the acquisition, which was supported by an EY valuation of DH, remained unpaid. 
 
Lamain's balance sheet at this point would have shown an asset of €363 million, being the value of the 
shares in DH, and a corresponding liability of €363 million, being the price due to the UBOs for those 
shares. Lamain's value would therefore have effectively been equal to the share capital (around €6,000). In 
turn, Taggia's value would have been of the same order, as its only asset was the shares in Lamain. 
Contemporaneously with the sale of the shares in DH to Lamain, Taggia entered into an option agreement 
(the "Option") with Poseidon Finance SA ("Poseidon") in terms of which Poseidon was given the right to 
purchase all of Taggia's shares in Lamain at a future date, May 2013, at €363 million. The price for the 
Option was €150 million, payable in instalments and was to be considered to be a payment on account of 
the Option price, if the Option was exercised. 
The Option provided that if Poseidon defaulted on its payment obligations, then the Option would lapse, 
and Poseidon would lose 10% of the amount paid until the default would have occurred (with 90% being 
refundable to Poseidon). The Option was subsequently amended twice, the second amendment, effected in 
September 2008, being the more material of the two. That amendment, entered into in the aftermath of the 
collapse of Lehman Bros., provided that if Poseidon defaulted on the Option, then it would not forfeit the 
10%, effectively making the payments all refundable in full; the effect was such that Poseidon retained the 
Option, but paid no Option price for it.

--- Page 140 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 131 - 
70-41023232 
 
Poseidon paid practically the full €150 million by around October of 2009. Taggia, the recipient, funnelled 
these funds into its subsidiary Lamain by way of a loan, which subsequently used them to pay, in part, for 
the shares in DH, that had been acquired from the UBOs, leaving a balance due by Lamain to the UBOs of 
about €213 million. The situation can be represented as follows: 
The Issuer acts as trustee 
In December 2009, when the Issuer acquired the shares in Taggia, all the transactions referred to above had 
been completed. The Issuer acquired all the shares in Taggia from the fiduciaries who were holding them 
on behalf of the UBOs. The Issuer held the shares in Taggia as trustee for the benefit of the same UBOs. In 
effect, therefore, the Issuer replaced the UBOs' previous fiduciaries. Taggia's value was effectively equal 
to the share capital value of Lamain (around €6,000) as this was its only asset.  The structure was as follows:

--- Page 141 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 132 - 
70-41023232 
 
In its case, the Issuer has always maintained that Taggia's shares were, at all times since their acquisition 
by the Issuer, effectively worthless. At the time of their acquisition, the value chain in relation to DH can 
be summarised as follows: 
(i) 
UBOs' net worth: €150 million in cash plus €213 million in a receivable from Lamain (nil value 
attributable to shares in Taggia). 
(ii) 
Shares in Taggia: effectively worthless as such as it was owed €150 million by Lamain and owed 
the same amount to Poseidon. 
(iii) 
Shares in Lamain: effectively worthless as it owed €150 million to Taggia and €213 million to the 
UBOs, against which it owned assets worth €363 million, being the value of the shares in DH. 
Apart from the fact that Taggia had no equity value, the Criminal Court of Appeal in Rome had established 
that the Deiulemar Group directors were guilty of hiding liabilities within the DH group to the tune of 
around €700 million. This meant not only that Taggia itself was worthless but also that the underlying 
Deiulemar Group had been insolvent for years, long before the trusts were even set up. 
Court proceedings 
In the proceedings the Curators requested the Courts to declare that the settlement in trusts were not 
effective vis-à-vis the general body of creditors of Deiulemar (the actio revocatoria ordinaria), and declare 
the Issuer liable to pay an amount of approximately €363 million allegedly corresponding to the value of 
the shares in Taggia LXVII settled in the trusts (the actio revocatoria risarcitoria). The Curators requested, 
by way of security, a sequestro conservativo to secure their claim. The request was granted and remained 
in place for the full amount of €363 million.  To this effect, the Issuer had deposited €363 million in 
securities with an Italian custodian. 
On 9 February 2022, the Courts of Torre Annunziata delivered their judgment whereby they held that 
Taggia was, as at the date of the Issuer's acquisition of its shares, worth some €363 million.  Although the 
Issuer always believed, and was so advised, that it has a strong case, this judgment did not entirely come as 
a surprise.  Several other factors, not strictly legal in nature, remain highly relevant to the overall judgment 
of the case. The case was heard in Torre Annunziata, a southern Italian town in the province of Naples with 
a population of circa 40,000, where the now bankrupt and defunct Deiulemar Group was an important 
economic pillar. It has been estimated that at least 13,000 people in the region have been directly hit by the 
failure of the Deiulemar Group and the default on a public bond issued by that Group. The public pressures 
for the Curators to somehow recover monies for creditors have been a major issue in the region, even at a 
political level, not only local but also, at times, on a national scale in Italy. These socio-economic as well 
as political considerations were highly relevant to the case.  The extensive media reporting of the case, the 
public demonstrations, and the general perception in Court have collectively created an environment which 
can best be described as hostile and antagonistic towards the Issuer.  These circumstances were exceptional 
in nature and, while they should have had no direct impact on the purely legal analysis of the robustness of 
the Issuer's case, we cannot dismiss their significance and their bearing on the outcome of the case. 
Consequently, the Issuer has obtained opinions from legal counsel in Italy and independent advisors on the 
possibility of appeal.  Both confirmed that the Issuer has clear grounds for appeal before the Court of Appeal 
in Naples.  The appeal was filed on 10 March 2022. 
Settlement 
Following detailed discussions with the legal representatives of the Deiulemar bankruptcy, an out-of-court 
settlement was reached on 3 May 2022. The ruling in the Court of First Instance in Torre Annunziata has 
proven that the Deiulemar case may receive a different interpretation in the environment local to the 
Deiulemar bondholders. The Issuer has considered the very real risks that such a ruling may, 
notwithstanding the purely legal position, be endorsed by a subsequent Naples-based appeal court. Were 
this eventuality to arise, the possible options open to the Issuer were limited and would potentially extend 
the uncertainty for ten years or more. Ultimately, there could be no guarantee that any such ruling would 
have been in the Issuer’s favour, and in the event of an unfavourable judgment in appeal, the Issuer's 
position would have been significantly worse.  Having assessed all of these risks, including all external 
factors that may influence a court of appeal in Naples, the continuing costs to appeal, the litigation risk of 
an unfavourable outcome, and the financial cost of continuing to carry overly high levels of capital, the

--- Page 142 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 133 - 
70-41023232 
 
Issuer has assessed that a settlement representing a significantly lower proportion of the worst-case risk 
scenario (and only half of that already awarded through the initial court ruling) delivers the optimal outcome 
for the Issuer in the short and long term.  The settlement amount reflects the risks of these possible outcomes 
from all sides and the Issuer has determined that this option represented the best way to settle the case. 
The key headlines of the settlement included that the Issuer agrees to pay a full and final settlement in the 
sum of €182.5 million in respect of the €370 million judgment handed down by the Court of First Instance 
in Torre Annunziata and such payment will extinguish all claims from either side and the Issuer will have 
no further ongoing contingent or actual liability. The circa €370 million of collateral previously posted was 
returned directly to the Issuer. 
As stated above, the Issuer reached an out-of-court settlement of €182.5 million in relation to the  Deiulemar 
case. The Issuer had set aside €80 million as a provision in case of a negative outcome. This means that the 
actual impact on the Issuer's profit for financial year 2022, and as a result on capital is €102.7 million 
inclusive of legal fees. The resolution of this case has eliminated a serious litigation risk and additional 
capital will no longer be required to be held against a potentially more adverse outcome, resulting in more 
efficient capital utilisation. The impact on June 2022 unaudited figures shows that the Issuer will still be 
able to meet all capital requirements including P2R, P2G and the CBR.  The table below compares June 
2022 figures with December 2021 figures. 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2021 - stressed 
June 2022 (unaudited) 
 
CET 1             21.90% 
 
CET 1            20.19% 
 
CET 1            20.34% (10.7%)* 
 
Tier 1             21.90% 
Tier 1            20.19% 
Tier 1            20.34% (12.8%)* 
OCR               25.53% 
OCR               23.82% 
OCR               24.05% (15.5%)* 
RWA             €4,500 bn 
RWA              €4,500 bn 
RWA              €4,394 bn 
*capital requirement 
 
Resultant MREL shortfall (including CBR) by end of 2023 and 2024 amounts to €140.7 million and €254.3 
million, respectively.  
 
The Falcon Funds case 
Plaintiff Swedish Pensions Agency ("SPA") is responsible for the savings and investment of public 
pensions of the Swedish Government. Through SPA, the Swedish Government owns shares in three sub-
funds of Falcon Fund SICAV plc which was licensed as a UCITS scheme under the MFSA  in November 
2013. The SPA was the sole investor in the scheme. Falcon Fund SICAV plc had appointed the Issuer as 
custodian of the sub-funds with a duty to act in the interest of said sub-funds as outlined in the relevant 
custodian agreement at the time.  
The scheme made a number of investments in particular exchange traded instruments ("ETIs"). The Issuer, 
as custodian, triggered a number of clarifications with the investment manager to ensure eligibility of these 
instruments under the UCITS regime, in particular the liquidity aspect as these were listed on secondary 
exchange in Malta. The investment manager provided empirical evidence which showed that redemptions 
made by the sub-funds from the ETIs had been settled in due course without any delays and in conformity 
with the price being quoted by the calculation agent of the ETI notes.  The SPA had also contacted the 
MFSA to express its concern about the ETIs and the promoter of the scheme, although the Issuer was not 
made aware of this. 
 
On 15 June 2016, the SPA decided to redeem its shareholding with immediate effect whilst at the same 
time terminating the co-operation agreement with the scheme as a vehicle eligible to be used by pension 
savers.  Consequently, the board of the scheme instructed the investment manager to increase the liquidity 
of the funds. On 30 June 2016, the investment manager invested in two bonds which the Issuer questioned 
their eligibility under UCITS rules. The lack of convincing feedback from the investment manager led the 
Issuer to inform the scheme that it was terminating the provision of custody services. In September 2016, 
the legal representative of the SPA submitted a report indicating that a number of assets, all of which had 
been previously queried by the Issuer with the investment manager or the scheme, contain a number of 
allegations and statements on individuals involved in such transactions and/or companies targeted by the 
sub-funds. Since as a custodian, the Issuer was not privy to certain matters relating to asset acquisition and

--- Page 143 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 134 - 
70-41023232 
 
representing parties (which do not form part of the obligations of a UCITS custodian), the information was 
passed on to the regulator who issued a directive to the scheme to immediately redeem the units held by the 
SPA through an orderly redemption plan. The SPA also alleged that they had evidence that there was fraud 
committed by the promoter of the scheme. 
Via various judicial letters and claims, the SPA alleged that it suffered losses of approximately €81 million 
which it attributed to alleged shortcomings of the Issuer in carrying out its legal, contractual and regulatory 
obligations as custodian. The Issuer robustly refuted such claims as unfounded in fact and in law and also 
raised various counter-arguments to buttress its stance, while reserving all its rights and remedies at law. 
Following various ongoing communications between the parties, a full and final settlement agreement for 
€26.5 million was reached in 2020, thus putting a firm end to the matter. In view of the fact that €20 million 
were already provisioned for by the Issuer and €15 million were covered by insurance, the settlement had 
no impact on the Issuer's capital. 
Malta's grey listing 
In June 2021, the FATF announced that Malta was included in the list of jurisdictions under increased 
monitoring, colloquially known as the "grey list". Malta was evaluated by MONEYVAL in 2018, with an 
evaluation report being published in September 2019. This was the fifth time that Malta was evaluated, but 
the first time based on the latest FATF methodology adopted in 2013. This revised methodology placed 
emphasis on monitoring jurisdictions' effectiveness in implementing AML/CFT legislation in practice. 
Previous methodologies were mostly focused on assessing national AML/CFT legislation, written policies 
and procedures, and whether these were aligned with the FATF recommendations, with very limited 
importance given to understanding the extent to which these were being implemented. In fact, this revised 
methodology is uncovering a consistent trend, across most jurisdictions wherein the enactment of laws is 
being complied with but with limited results in implementing them and effectively fighting crime, money 
laundering and terrorism financing. 
This trend was also visible in the outcome of Malta's MONEYVAL 2019 Report, which found that Malta 
had obtained positive results when it came to enacting the necessary AML/CFT laws (the technical aspect) 
but negatively in their implementation (i.e. the effectiveness aspect). In fact, in relation to the technical 
aspect, Malta obtained a negative rating in only nine out of the 40 assessed recommendations. However, it 
failed in nine out of the 11 immediate outcomes, on which the effectiveness aspect was assessed. It was this 
negative effectiveness result that triggered Malta's eventual grey listing. Upon the publication of the 
MONEYVAL Report, Malta was given a year's observation period within which it was expected to 
implement a set of 58 recommended actions to improve its effectiveness in implementing AML/CFT laws. 
At the same time, it was also expected to carry out the necessary legal reforms to address those nine out of 
40 technical recommendations that were considered not to be aligned with the FATF standards. In 2018, 
four sets of legislation were approved to establish the beneficial ownership register.  The procedure dictates 
that the improvements to the effectiveness aspect would be assessed by the FATF, with MONEYVAL 
evaluating the legislative improvements. Thereafter, Malta was reassessed by MONEYVAL with an April 
2021 report finding that Malta had carried out all the necessary legal reforms and that the nine technical 
recommendations which were cause for concern, were no longer considered deficient. In fact, Malta is now 
one of a very limited number of jurisdictions across the world which is compliant or largely compliant with 
all the 40 technical recommendations. 
On the other hand, the FATF was not convinced that Malta had made sufficient progress to address all the 
58 effectiveness recommendations, since three recommended actions remained unaddressed. This led to 
the FATF requiring the implementation of another action plan by Malta to address these pending three 
recommended actions, while also placing Malta on the list of jurisdictions under increased monitoring (i.e. 
the grey list) until these pending actions are implemented. These three recommended actions relate to the 
accuracy of available beneficial ownership information on Maltese companies, the sanctioning of 
companies and company gatekeepers for failings related to the obtaining of beneficial ownership 
information, and the generation and use of financial intelligence in investigating and prosecuting tax 
evasion and related money laundering. 
Malta has made a high-level political commitment and resolved to swiftly address the identified deficiencies 
and implement the FATF's action plan to exit the grey list. All the relevant national authorities (i.e. the 
National Coordinating Committee on Combating Money Laundering and the Funding of Terrorism, the 
Office of the Attorney General, the Malta Police, the FIAU, the Office of the Commissioner for Revenue 
and the Malta Business Registry) have committed to carry out a number of reforms and improvements in

--- Page 144 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 135 - 
70-41023232 
 
their operations to address the FATF's remaining concerns. Once the FATF action plan is considered fully 
implemented, and following an on-site mission to Malta by FATF assessors to confirm its implementation, 
then Malta will be able to exit the grey list. 
Following Malta's grey listing in June 2021, Malta underwent a first monitoring process by the FATF in 
the run up to the October 2021 plenary (this was the last plenary and monitoring process for 2021). Ahead 
of the October FATF plenary the Maltese authorities submitted a detailed status update report to the FATF 
assessors. This report, although submitted a short while after Malta's grey listing, detailed not only Malta's 
plans to address the FATF action plan, but also included tangible results obtained because of the swift 
implementation of a number of measures outlined in Malta's plan. This in fact led the FATF president to 
highlight, at the conclusion of the FATF plenary in October, that since being grey listed in June 2021, Malta 
had made good progress in addressing the FATF action plan to see it removed from the grey list. The FATF 
president urged the Maltese authorities to continue building on the work achieved by that point. 
At its February 2022 plenary, the FATF made the initial determination that Malta has substantially 
completed its action plan and warrants an on-site visit to verify that the implementation of Malta's 
AML/CFT reforms has begun and is being sustained, and that the necessary political commitment remains 
in place to sustain implementation and improvement in the future. Malta has made the following key 
reforms:  
(i) 
continuing to demonstrate that beneficial ownership information is accurate and that, where 
appropriate, effective, proportionate and dissuasive sanctions, commensurate with the ML/TF risks, 
are applied to legal persons if information provided is found to be inaccurate; and ensuring that 
effective, proportionate and dissuasive sanctions are applied to gatekeepers when they do not 
comply with their obligations to obtain accurate and up-to-date beneficial ownership information;  
(ii) 
enhancing the use of the Financial Intelligence Unit's ("FIU") financial intelligence to support 
authorities pursuing criminal tax and related money laundering cases, including by clarifying the 
roles and responsibilities of the Commissioner for Revenue and the FIU; and  
(iii) 
increasing the focus of the FIU's analysis on these types of offences, to produce intelligence that 
helps Maltese law enforcement detect and investigate cases in line with Malta's identified ML risks 
related to tax evasion.  
The FATF conducted an on-site visit in April 2022 to decide whether Malta has put these reforms into 
action and followed up on such changes in practice. Malta's position on the grey list has not materially 
impacted the Issuer's operations.  In line with the above and to strengthen the onboarding and monitoring 
functions within the anti-financial crime unit, the Issuer enhanced the anti-financial crime policies (level 1 
policy which requires board approval, level 2 policies which require approval by the executive committee 
and level 3 documents which require chief officer approval), enhanced the customer risk assessment model 
and the methodology for the anti-financial crime group wide risk assessment and introduced a number of 
key risk indicators which are monitored monthly. 
In its plenary meeting held between 14 and 17 June 2022, the FATF members concluded that Malta had 
made significant changes in addressing the strategic AML/CFT deficiencies previously identified, and 
therefore Malta will no longer be considered as a jurisdiction under increased monitoring, thereby removing 
it from the grey list. The body highlighted the progress achieved in the detection of inaccurate company 
ownership information and sanctions on gatekeepers who fail to obtain accurate beneficial ownership 
information. The FATF also praised Malta’s pursuit of tax-based money laundering cases utilising financial 
intelligence.

--- Page 145 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 136 - 
70-41023232 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
The following tables depict the key financial information extracted from: 
1. the Issuer's 2021 Annual Report, 2020 Annual Report and 2019 Annual Report, including the 
audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2021, 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, together with the auditors' reports thereon and notes 
thereto; and  
2. the Issuer's 2022 Half Yearly Report, 2021 Half Yearly Report and 2020 Half Yearly Report, 
including the unaudited condensed interim financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 
2022, 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020, together with the auditors' review reports and notes thereto.  
Such annual and half yearly reports are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. The financial 
information presented below should be read in conjunction with such annual and half yearly reports. 
Assets - € 
millions 
30 Jun-22 
31 Dec-21 
30 Jun-21 
31 Dec-20 
30 Jun-20 
31 Dec-19 
Balances with 
CBM, TBills 
and cash 
4,400 
4,626 
4,227 
3,798 
3,905 
3,670 
Investments 
3,758 
3,708 
3,709 
3,448 
3,486 
3,276 
Loans to banks 
429 
452 
415 
479 
445 
502 
Loans to 
customers 
5,316 
5,098 
4,928 
4,741 
4,536 
4,446 
Other 
488 
475 
454 
444 
405 
437 
Total Assets 
14,391 
14,358 
13,733 
12,911 
12,777 
12,331 
 
Liabilities - € 
millions 
30 Jun-22 
31 Dec-21 
30 Jun-21 
31 Dec-20 
30 Jun-20 
31 Dec-19 
Due to banks 
543 
560 
569 
88 
70 
66 
Due to 
customers 
12,365 
12,177 
11,558 
11,272 
11,132 
10,630 
Provisions 
22 
104 
112 
114 
122 
118 
Debt issued 
163 
163 
163 
163 
163 
234 
Other 
228 
228 
235 
196 
220 
220 
Total liabilities 
13,320 
13,232 
12,638 
11,834 
11,708 
11,268 
 
Equity - € 
millions 
30 Jun-22 
31 Dec-21 
30 Jun-21 
31 Dec-20 
30 Jun-20 
31 Dec-19 
Called up share 
capital 
584 
584 
584 
584 
584 
584

--- Page 146 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 137 - 
70-41023232 
 
Share premium 
A/C 
49 
49 
49 
49 
49 
49 
Revaluation 
reserves 
54 
58 
54 
55 
51 
55 
Retained 
earnings 
384 
435 
408 
389 
385 
374 
Total equity 
1071 
1,126 
1,095 
1,077 
1,069 
1,062 
Risk-weighted 
assets 
4,394 
4,500 
4,466 
4,495 
4,574 
4,611 
 
€ millions 
30 Jun-22 
31 Dec-21 
30 Jun-21 
31 Dec-20 
30 Jun-20 
31 Dec-19 
Interest income 
105 
195 
93 
190 
96 
207 
Interest expense 
17 
39 
19 
43 
24 
54 
Net fee and 
commission 
income 
37 
75 
34 
67 
32 
74 
Other income 
7 
12 
6 
18 
5 
23 
HR and 
administration 
expenses 
83 
175 
89 
151 
80 
150 
Net impairment 
reversal/(charge) 
(9) 
19 
3 
(65) 
(7) 
12 
Other expenses 
10 
20 
10 
20 
10 
13 
Operating 
profit/(loss)(before 
litigation expense)  
30 
66 
18 
(4) 
12 
98 
Profit/(Loss) 
before tax 
(77) 
81 
26 
15 
14 
89 
Profit/(Loss) after 
tax 
(51) 
56 
19 
14 
10 
63 
 
 
30 Jun-22 
31 Dec-21 
30 Jun-21 
31 Dec-20 
30 Jun-20 
31 Dec-19 
Cost to income 
ratio 
66.8% 
71.0% 
71.6% 
66.8% 
77.1% 
55.7% 
Loans to 
deposits ratio 
45.1% 
44.1% 
45.2% 
44.7% 
43.0% 
44.2% 
NPL ratio 
3.9% 
4.1% 
5.3% 
4.7% 
4.6% 
4.6% 
NPE coverage 
ratio 
55.6% 
54.1% 
46.8% 
50.0% 
37.8% 
36.6%

--- Page 147 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 138 - 
70-41023232 
 
Return on 
equity (after 
tax) 
(9.3%) 
5.1% 
3.6% 
1.3% 
1.9% 
6.2% 
Tier 1 capital 
20.3% 
21.9% 
21.3% 
20.9% 
19.8% 
19.5% 
Total capital 
24.1% 
25.5% 
25.0% 
24.6% 
23.3% 
23.1% 
Leverage ratio 
6.1% 
6.7% 
6.8% 
7.2% 
7.0% 
7.2% 
Liquidity 
coverage ratio 
456.8% 
445.0% 
449.8% 
462.8% 
476.0% 
514.6% 
Net stable 
funding ratio 
200.3% 
189.7% 
184.4% 
161.6% 
162.3% 
159.3% 
 
Other key financial information 
Net interest income 
Net interest income in € millions 
 
• 
Net interest income resilience on the back of shift to demand deposits (versus term deposits). 
• 
The majority of the loan book (circa 99%) linked to variable interest rates. 
• 
A decline in yields on treasury assets as higher yielding investments mature.  
Margins in percentages

--- Page 148 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 139 - 
70-41023232 
 
Net fee and commission income 
Net fee and commission income in € millions 
 
• 
A healthy growth was seen in bancassurance and investment-related commissions, specifically 
stockbroking and asset management, underpinned by improved frontline digital tools and process 
operating model efficiencies. 
• 
A solid performance in credit and trade finance, which was better than pre-COVID 19 pandemic 
levels. 
• 
There was also a recovery in the payments business with volumes nearing pre-COVID-19 
pandemic levels. 2020 levels predominantly attributed to: 
- 
a drop in retail and business card usage as a result of COVID-19 pandemic restrictions; and 
- 
a decrease in payments volumes mainly in the business sector caused by subdued activity.

--- Page 149 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 140 - 
70-41023232 
 
Operating expenses 
Operating expenses in € millions 
 
• 
Financial year 2021 underlying operating costs increased due to: 
- 
employee costs with adding expertise in areas such as risk, compliance and digital capabilities; 
and 
- 
IT investment in modernisation and digitalisation of key systems which is ongoing. 
 
• 
The non-recurring expenses include the €2.6 million FIAU fine, changes in methodology accrual 
for bonuses, voluntary retirement, winding down of trusts business and cyber-attack unrecoverable 
funds. 
• 
Non-controllable expenses – the Issuer is a depositary taker of last resort, hence it absorbs 
significant negative interest and deposit guarantee scheme. The costs associated fluctuate with 
new customer deposits up to €100,000. 
• 
The recurring expenses include staff costs (excluding voluntary retirement), general administrative 
expenses and depreciation and ammortisation costs.

--- Page 150 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 141 - 
70-41023232 
 
Customer deposits 
Customer deposits – end of period balances in € billions 
 
• 
A growth of circa €905 million registered, or 8.0% year on year, attributed to: 
- 
the retail sector represented circa 80% of the deposits growth (circa €700 million), with 
product preference for shorter-term deposits pending better investment opportunities; 
- 
further reduction in international clients (deposits decreased by circa 10% year on year); and 
- 
demand deposits increased by circa 12% year on year, while term deposits decreased by circa 
12% year on year.  
 
• 
The international deposits exits were replenished with cheaper domestic deposits. 
 
Customer deposits by segment, maturity and geography in percentages 
 
Customer advances 
 
Customer advances – volume of gross advances in € billions 
 
 
• 
A growth of circa €330 million registered, or 6.6% year on year growth in 2021, 
attributed to: 
- 
home loans represented 70% of total growth (circa €230 million); 
- 
33% of the business lending growth was investment related; 
- 
steady decline in BOV MDB COVID-19 assist loans in the second half of financial 
year 2021; and 
- 
the launch of the home and personal energy products.

--- Page 151 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 142 - 
70-41023232 
 
 
 
Loan book mix by segment in percentages 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Treasury portfolio 
 
 
 
 
c. 100% 
Maltese 
lender

--- Page 152 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 143 - 
70-41023232 
 
TAXATION 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as regards both Maltese and 
any foreign tax legislation which may be applicable to them in respect of the Notes, as to which 
countries' tax laws (including Malta) could be relevant in connection with the acquisition, holding 
and disposal of Notes and receipt of payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the 
Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. 
The following is a summary and general description of certain Maltese tax considerations relating to the 
Notes.  This summary is intended as general information only and does not purport to be a complete, 
exhaustive or comprehensive analysis of all Maltese tax considerations relating to the Notes.  This summary 
is based upon the Issuer's understanding of Maltese law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and 
is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. It does not take into account any 
developments or amendments enacted after the date of this Base Prospectus, whether or not such 
developments or amendments have retroactive effect. Prospective purchasers of Notes are reminded that 
tax law and practice and the interpretation of such laws may change from time to time. 
The precise implications for Holders of Notes will depend, among other things, on their particular 
circumstances and on the classification of the Notes from a Maltese tax perspective, and professional advice 
in this respect should be sought accordingly. 
Republic of Malta 
Malta Tax Status of the Issuer  
The Issuer, being a company incorporated and resident for tax purposes in Malta, is subject to tax in Malta 
on chargeable income and capital gains on a worldwide basis. The Issuer is generally subject to tax in Malta 
at the flat rate of 35 per cent.  
Malta Tax on Interest, Discounts or Premiums  
Interest, discounts or premiums paid or payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes should be deemed to 
represent income arising in Malta in terms of the Income Tax Act, Chapter 123 of the laws of Malta (the 
"ITA"). 
The Maltese income tax treatment of any such interest, discount or premium depends on whether the same 
would represent 'investment income' in terms of the ITA. The ITA exhaustively lists the categories of 
income representing 'investment income'. Such categories of income include interest, discounts or 
premiums payable in respect of: 
(i) 
a public issue by a company, entity or other legal person howsoever constituted and whether 
resident in Malta or otherwise; and 
(ii) 
a private issue by a company, entity or other legal person howsoever constituted and resident in 
Malta paid to a collective investment scheme. 
The Issuer understands that interest, discounts or premiums payable in respect of the Notes should not, in 
fact, be payable in respect of a 'public issue' – particularly insofar as this Base Prospectus and the issue of 
Notes would not represent an 'offer of securities to the public' in terms of the Companies Act, Chapter 386 
of the laws of Malta, in view of the prescribed minimum denomination of the Notes and to the extent that 
the relevant reference to a 'public issue' in the ITA would be construed in light of the definition of an 'offer 
of securities to the public' in the Malta Companies Act. 
However, interest, discounts or premiums paid to a collective investment scheme (which is licensed in 
terms of the Investment Services Act (Chapter 370 of the laws of Malta) or notified in terms of the domestic 
Investment Services Act (List of Notified AIFs) Regulations (S.L. 370.34) or being an undertaking for 
collective investment in transferable securities (UCITS) authorised in accordance with EU Directive 
85/611/EEC) should represent 'investment income' in terms of the ITA to the extent that the scheme is 
classified as a 'prescribed fund' in terms of the ITA. Such investment income paid to a prescribed fund 
should be subject to final withholding tax in Malta levied at the rate of 10%.

--- Page 153 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 144 - 
70-41023232 
 
A payment of interest, discounts or premiums by the Issuer in respect of the Notes should not otherwise be 
subject to tax in Malta (whether by way of withholding or otherwise) provided that any such payment is 
made in favour of a person who: 
(i) 
is not resident in Malta; and 
(ii) 
is not carrying on any trade or business in Malta through a permanent establishment situated in 
Malta to which the payment is effectively connected; and 
(iii) 
as beneficial owner of the interest, is not owned and controlled by, directly or indirectly, nor acts 
on behalf of an individual or individuals who are ordinarily resident and domiciled in Malta.   
Interest, discounts or premiums paid in respect of the Notes by the Issuer to or on behalf of a non-resident 
person and which is not exempt from Malta tax as aforesaid (should, for instance, the non-resident recipient 
of interest be owned and controlled, directly or indirectly, by an individual ordinarily resident and domiciled 
in Malta) may, however, be subject to Malta tax withheld at the rate of 35 per cent. (in respect of a non-
resident company) and at the rate of 25 per cent. (in respect of any other non-resident person) – subject to 
the provisions of any applicable double tax treaty.  
Malta Tax on Capital Gains  
A transfer or redemption of the Notes should not be subject to Malta tax on capital gains in terms of the 
ITA given that the Notes shall carry a fixed rate of return and do not participate in the profits of the Issuer. 
The Notes should be deemed to carry a fixed rate of return (and should not be deemed to participate in the 
profits of the Issuer) despite that Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes may be issued and notwithstanding 
that the Notes may be issued at a discount or redeemed at a premium insofar as the methodology fixing the 
extent of any such interest, discount or premium is fixed in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Notes set out in this Base Prospectus and in any Final terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Malta Duty 
In terms of the Duty on Documents and Transfers Act, Chapter 364 of the laws of Malta, Malta duty may 
be chargeable on certain prescribed documents and transfers – including transfers of immovable property 
or marketable securities. Such 'marketable securities' are defined as a holding of share capital in any 
company and any document representing the same such that a transfer or redemption of Notes should fall 
outside the scope of the Duty on Documents and Transfers Act. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States").  However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt.  
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 154 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 145 - 
70-41023232 
 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements.  The Issuer 
may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions (including the 
jurisdiction of the Issuer have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in 
their jurisdictions.  Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an 
IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that 
it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication 
of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru payment". Holders should consult their own tax advisors 
regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.  In the event any withholding would 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, the Issuer will not be 
required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 155 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 146 - 
70-41023232 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
and UBS Europe SE (the "Dealers").  The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be 
agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Programme Agreement dated 
15 September 2022 (the "Programme Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers.  If in 
the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single 
Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution 
will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any 
other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment 
of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method 
of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued 
by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant 
Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint 
and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers 
which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including 
whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilising Manager in relation to that 
Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription.  The 
Programme Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing 
Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme 
or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. Each new Dealer so appointed will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree to the following selling restrictions as part of its appointment. 
United States of America:  Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion 
of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes 
during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons.   
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a 
person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 156 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 147 - 
70-41023232 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU 
MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II.  
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms thereto (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
Financial promotion:  it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(b) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Securities Laws 
Republic of Malta  
The section headed "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" on page 146 is applicable in respect of 
sales to investors in Malta.  
The Notes may not be offered, sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Notes be carried out 
in Malta, except in circumstances which do not require the registration of a prospectus in Malta or without 
complying with all legal and regulatory requirements under Maltese securities laws. 
Belgium  
The section headed "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" on page 146 is applicable in respect of 
sales to investors in Belgium.  
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted for approval to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets 
Authority.  Accordingly, Notes that have a maturity of less than 12 months and qualify as money market 
instruments (and that therefore fall outside the scope of the Prospectus Regulation) may not be distributed 
in Belgium by way of an offer of securities to the public, as defined in Article 4, 2° of the Belgian law of 
11 July 2018 on the offer of investment instruments to the public and the admission of investment 
instruments to trading on a regulated market.

--- Page 157 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 148 - 
70-41023232 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not advertised, offered, sold or delivered and will not 
advertise, offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes to any Belgian Consumers, and has not 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, any prospectus, 
memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or 
indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided 
by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van 
economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit économique), being any natural person resident or 
located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
France  
Each Dealer has represented agreed that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, Notes in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article L.411-2 1° 
of the French Code monétaire et financier and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will 
only distribute or cause to be distributed in France to such qualified investors this Base Prospectus, any 
Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(1) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes other than (a) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the 
"C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(2) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the 
securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be 
disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in 
the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be 
distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to the Article 2 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of Italian laws and regulations; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 
1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies 
of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy will be effected 
in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993

--- Page 158 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 149 - 
70-41023232 
 
(in each case as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, 
as amended (the "Banking Act"); and 
(b) 
in compliance with any other applicable law and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 
of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time 
to time) and/or other Italian authority. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan.  As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it 
has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of 
the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.

--- Page 159 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 150 - 
70-41023232 
 
Spain 
Neither the Notes nor this Base Prospectus have been registered with the Spanish Securities Markets 
Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores).  Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered, 
sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Notes be carried out in Spain, except in circumstances 
which do not require the registration of a prospectus in Spain or without complying with all legal and 
regulatory requirements under Spanish securities laws. 
The Notes may only be offered or sold in Spain by institutions authorised under the consolidated text of the 
Securities Market Law approved by Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October (Real Decreto 
Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de 
Valores) (the "Spanish Securities Market Law"), Royal Decree 217/2008 of 15 February on the legal 
regime applicable to investment services companies (Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre el 
régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios 
de inversión) and related legislation to provide investment services in Spain and in accordance with the 
provisions of the Spanish Securities Market Law and further developing legislation.General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that (to the best of its knowledge and belief) it has 
complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from 
which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense.  Other persons into 
whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating 
to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) 
or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer 
be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer.  Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 160 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 151 - 
70-41023232 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the Board of Directors of the Issuer passed 
on 9 June 2022. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, 
approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
Save as disclosed in "Description of the Issuer – Legal and Arbitration Proceedings", there are no 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months 
prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability 
of the Group.  
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
Save as disclosed in "Description of the Issuer – Legal and Arbitration Proceedings", since 31 
December 2021, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Group.  
4. 
Save as disclosed in "Description of the Issuer – Legal and Arbitration Proceedings", since 30 
June 2022, there has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance 
of the Group. 
Auditors 
5. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been audited without qualification for the 
years ended 31 December 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 by KPMG Malta and 
KPMG LLP, Registered Auditors and Chartered Accounts, respectively, who have given, and have 
not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their report in this Base Prospectus in the form and 
context in which it is included. The Issuer's condensed interim financial statements for the period 
ended 30 June 2022 were reviewed by KPMG Malta, Registered Auditors. 
Documents on Display 
6. 
Copies of the following documents may be inspected at https://www.bov.com/ for the 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer (as the same may be updated from time to time);  
(b) 
the unaudited condensed interim financial statements for the period ended 30 June 2022: 
https://www.bov.com/documents/interim-results-fy2022;  
(c) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 
2021: https://www.bov.com/documents/bov-annual-report-2021; 
(d) 
the unaudited condensed interim financial statements for the period ended 30 June 2021: 
https://www.bov.com/documents/interim-results-fy2021;  
(e) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 
2020: https://www.bov.com/documents/annual-report-fy2020; 
(f) 
the unaudited condensed interim financial statements for the period ended 30 June 2020: 
https://www.bov.com/documents/interim-results-fy2020; and 
(g) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 
2019: https://www.bov.com/documents/bov-annual-result---2019;  
In addition, copies of: 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus;

--- Page 161 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 152 - 
70-41023232 
 
(ii) 
any supplementary or drawdown prospectus and any documents incorporated 
therein by reference; and 
(iii) 
any Final Terms in respect of Notes admitted to listing on the Official List and to 
trading on Euronext Dublin, 
will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this base prospectus, 
information contained on the above websites does not form part of this prospectus. 
Clearing of the Notes 
7. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation 
to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The relevant Final 
Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for 
clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Issue Price and Yield 
8. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the 
method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include 
accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant 
Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates 
have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of 
the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price.  It is not 
an indication of future yield. 
Conflicts of Interest 
9. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of 
the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their 
general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers of their affiliates 
that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
and its affiliates consistent with their customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers 
and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme.  Any such positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme.  The Dealers and their affiliates may 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 162 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 153 - 
70-41023232 
 
Listing Agent 
10. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer 
in relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin or to trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Registration Number and Legal Entity Identifier (LEI)  
11. 
The company registration number of the Issuer is C 2833.  The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the 
Issuer is 529900RWC8ZYB066JF16.  
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
12. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this base prospectus 
after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 163 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 154 - 
70-41023232 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Bank of Valletta p.l.c. 
58, Triq San Żakkarija 
Il-Belt Valletta VLT 1130 
Malta 
ARRANGERS 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Calle Ayala 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4, 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DEALERS 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Calle Ayala 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4, 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
FISCAL AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Riverside II 
Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Grand Canal Dock 
Dublin 2, D02 KV60 
Ireland 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
as to English law: 
To the Issuer 
as to Maltese law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Ganado Advocates 
171, Old Bakery Street 
VLT 1455, Valletta 
Malta 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
Allen & Overy 
Via Ansperto 5 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 284 
00186 Rome  
Italy

--- Page 164 ---
10215846983-v90 
- 155 - 
70-41023232 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
KPMG MALTA 
92, Marina Street  
Pieta, PTA 9044 
Malta 
KPMG LLP 
15 Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5GL 
United Kingdom 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland