--- Page 1 ---
- i - 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
BANK MILLENNIUM SPÓŁKA AKCYJNA 
€3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(incorporated as a joint stock company in the Republic of Poland) 
Under this €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Bank Millennium 
S.A. (the "Issuer" or the "Bank", and together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "Group") may from 
time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer (as defined below).  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies), subject to any increase 
as described herein.  
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "General 
Description of the Programme" below and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from 
time to time by the Issuer (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a 
specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in 
the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed for by more than one Dealer, be to all 
Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Notes. 
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the ''Base Prospectus'') for the purposes of Article 8(1) of 
the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus has been approved 
by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), which is the 
Luxembourg competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation, as a base prospectus issued in 
compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Notes 
issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months after the date hereof. The CSSF has only 
approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such 
Notes. The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. The Issuer has requested 
the CSFF to provide the competent authority of the Republic of Poland with a certificate of approval 
attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (the 
"Notification"). The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide the Notification to other competent 
authorities in any Member State (each a "Member State") of the European Economic Area (the ''EEA'').  
Applications have been made for such Notes to be admitted during the period of twelve months after the 
date hereof to listing on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the ''Official List'') and to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Applications may also be made for 
such Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Warsaw Stock Exchange (Giełda 
Papierów Wartościowych w Warszawie S.A., the ''WSE'') Each of the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the WSE is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II"). The Programme also permits 
Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
 
 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time) is valid for use for a period of up to 12 
months after its approval and shall expire on 6 April 2023, at the latest. The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other 
than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR ANY U.S. STATE 
SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT IS AVAILABLE AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY 
OTHER JURISDICTION (SEE "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE"). 
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will 
be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms") which will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of 
Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will 
also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Copies of Final 
Terms in relation to Notes listed on the regulated market of the WSE will also be published on the 
website of the WSE (www.gpw.pl).  
The applicable Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes will state whether the Notes of such Tranche are to 
be: (i) Senior Notes; or (ii) Subordinated Notes and, if Senior Notes, whether such notes are: (a) Ordinary 
Senior Notes; or (b) Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, if Subordinated Notes, whether such Notes are: (a) 
Senior Subordinated Notes; or (b) Tier 2 Subordinated Notes.  
The Issuer has been rated BBB- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and Baa1 by Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's") respectively. Fitch and Moody's are established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (as amended), on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). As such, Fitch and Moody's are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The ratings Fitch and 
Moody's have given to the Issuer and the Notes to be issued under the Programme are endorsed by Fitch 
Ratings Limited and by Moody's Investors Service Limited respectively and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom (the 
"UK") by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"), (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and appear on the list of credit rating agencies registered or certified with the UK Financial 
Conduct 
Authority 
(the 
"FCA") 
published 
on 
its 
website 
published 
on 
its 
website 
https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-agencies/registered-certified-cras. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
revision, suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. A 
revision, suspension, reduction, or withdrawal of a rating may adversely affect the market price of 
the Notes.  
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk 
factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed 
under "Risk Factors" below.

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
 
 
 
 
Arranger 
 
 
 
UniCredit 
 
 
 
Dealers 
 
 
BNP Paribas 
 
Erste Group 
 
Millennium BCP 
 
Morgan Stanley 
 
UniCredit 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 6 April 2022.

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ....................................................................................................................... 5 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .......................................................................... 10 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 15 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ............................................................................................. 43 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 44 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................................... 46 
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................... 47 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................. 49 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................... 66 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................... 122 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER AND OVERVIEW OF THE 
GROUP'S FINANCIAL CONDITION ............................................................................................... 123 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP ...................................................................................................... 131 
MARKET AND LEGAL ENVIRONMENT ....................................................................................... 154 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................... 158 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................ 168 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 174

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, "Prospectus Regulation" 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer 
(having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its 
import.  
The Issuer confirms that any information which has been extracted from an external source has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents deemed to be incorporated in it by 
reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below) and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, 
must be read and construed together with the applicable Final Terms. This Base Prospectus shall be read 
and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated, in and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus. Other than in relation to such documents (or any parts thereof) which are deemed to be 
incorporated by reference, the information on any website to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability 
is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with 
the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with 
the Programme or accepts any responsibility for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person 
(other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in, or not consistent with, this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes: (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation; or (ii) should be considered as 
a recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers 
that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes 
should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by 
or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to its date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the lifetime of 
the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes issued under the Programme of any information 
coming to their attention. 
As a result of the implementation of the BRRD (as defined herein) into Polish law or the law of any other 
relevant jurisdiction, Noteholders may be subject to write-down or conversion into instruments eligible 
for the Issuer's own funds on any application of the general bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption, 
which may result in such Noteholders losing some or all of their investment.

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than the price that might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on 
behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes issued under the Programme are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes issued under the Programme are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation 
Consequently, no key information document required by the EU PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRODUCT GOVERNANCE UNDER MIFID II 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MIFID II Product Governance", 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID 
Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
PRODUCT GOVERNANCE UNDER UK MIFIR 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance", 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject 
to the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.  
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION  
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a 
benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant 
to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a 
particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date 
of the applicable Final Terms (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence. The 
registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect 
any change in the registration status of the administrator.  
SINGAPORE: SECTION 309B(1)(C) NOTIFICATION 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore (the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has, unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Notes, determined the classification of all Notes to be issued under the Programme as prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
REFERENCES TO LEGISLATION 
Any reference in this Base Prospectus to any legislation (whether primary legislation or other subsidiary 
legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such legislation as 
the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended, superseded or re-enacted. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assumes 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically 
indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the 
Dealers that is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in 
any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, 
the United Kingdom and Singapore (see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor's currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets and of any financial variable that might have a negative impact on the return on the 
Notes; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
A potential investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers or any of their 
respective affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or 
as to the other matters referred to above.  
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Group has 
been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial years ended 
2020 and 2021. 
The Group's financial year ends on 31 December and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific 
year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Group's financial statements 
have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted 
by the EU. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will 
have the meaning attributed thereto in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or any other section of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
(a) 
"USD" and "U.S. dollars" refer to United States dollars; 
(b) 
"Swiss Franc" and "CHF" refer to the lawful currency of Switzerland; 
(c) 
"PLN" and "złoty" refer to the lawful currency of Poland; and 
(d) 
"Sterling" and "£" refer to pounds sterling;  
(e) 
"euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended. 
On 5 April 2022, the National Bank of Poland (the "NBP") exchange rate between the euro and złoty was 
EUR 1 – PLN 4.6317, the exchange rate between U.S. dollars and złoty was USD 1 – PLN 4.2233 and 
the exchange rate between the Swiss Franc and złoty was CHF 1 – PLN 4.5590. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary 
slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures 
which precede them.

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may 
agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, 
in which event, in the case of listed Notes only and if appropriate, a new Prospectus will be published.  
 
Issuer: 
Bank Millennium S.A. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
LEI: 
259400OFDZ9KPZEO8K78 
Website: 
www.bankmillennium.pl 
Programme: 
 
The Issuer may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, from time to time issue Notes 
denominated in any currency as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. The aggregate nominal amount, any interest 
rate or interest calculation, the issue price and any other terms and 
conditions contained herein with respect to each Series of Notes will 
be determined at the time of issuance and set forth in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil 
its respective obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of a particular 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme. The risk factors 
identified by the Issuer are set out under the section Risk Factors. 
Arranger: 
UniCredit Bank AG  
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Millennium BCP 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale"), including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus.  
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute deposits 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent (see "Subscription and Sale").

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies agreed 
between the Issuer and the Dealers, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be either Senior Notes (in which case they will be 
Ordinary Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or 
Subordinated Notes (in which case they will be Senior Subordinated 
Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) as more fully described in 
Condition  2 (Status of the Notes). 
Programme Size: 
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. 
The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement.  
Maturities: 
A maturity of at least one year or such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date 
and the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in 
respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will also be 
subject to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may 
comprise Notes of different denominations.  
Issue Price: 
Notes will be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which 
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of the Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in "Form of the 
Notes". 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and, on redemption, will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Reset Notes:  
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at the 
initial fixed rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more 
date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms by reference to the 
aggregate of a mid-market swap rate or government security for the 
relevant Specified Currency, and for a period equal to the reset 
period, and any applicable margin, in each case as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Such interest will be payable in arrear 
on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or determined pursuant to the Conditions of the Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined:

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
 
 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating: (i) unless "ISDA 2021 
Definitions" are specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms)) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or (ii) if "ISDA 2021 Definitions" are specified 
as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the latest version 
of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including 
each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), 
each as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its website 
(http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first Tranche of 
the Notes of such Series; or 
 
on the basis of the reference rate appearing on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition 
Event, as the case may be, and if “Benchmark Replacement” or 
“Benchmark Transition” is expressed in the applicable Final Terms 
to be applicable, the Issuer will use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser to determine (failing which, the 
Issuer may determine) (i) a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread, and any Benchmark Amendments or (ii) a Benchmark 
Replacement and any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, as applicable, and as further set out in accordance with 
Condition 5.2. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that: the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
for taxation reasons, or following an Event of Default or, in the case 
of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated 
Notes, 
upon 
the 
occurrence 
of 
an 
MREL 
Disqualification Event, or, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, 
upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event), or that such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as 
the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the Noteholders. 
The terms of any such redemption, including notice periods, any 
relevant conditions to be satisfied and the relevant redemption dates

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
and prices will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms.
Any early redemption of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will 
be subject to the prior consent of the Competent Authority to the 
extent required, in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions – Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United 
Kingdom Securities Laws". 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Approval, Listing and 
Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as 
a base prospectus. Application has also been made for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Applications 
may also be made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed 
on the WSE.  
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or additional stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they 
will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system.  
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Events of Default: 
The terms of the Ordinary Senior Notes contain events of default, as 
further described in Condition  10.1 (Events of Default relating to 
Ordinary Senior Notes). 
The terms of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordindated Notes contain 
limited events of default, as further described in Condition  10.3 
(Events of Default relating to Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes). 
Cross-Acceleration: 
The terms of the Ordinary Senior Notes will contain a cross 
acceleration provision as described in Condition  10.1 (Events of 
Default relating to Ordinary Senior Notes).  
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Ordinary Senior Notes will contain a negative

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
pledge provision as described in Condition 3.1 (Negative Pledge).
Taxation: 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes imposed by 
any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition  8 (Taxation). In the 
event that any such withholding or deduction is made, the Issuer will, 
save in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition  8 
(Taxation), be required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so withheld or deducted. 
Governing law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by English law, except 
that Condition  2 (Status of the Notes) and Condition  20 
(Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers) which 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Polish law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the European Economic Area, France, Italy, 
Singapore and the United Kingdom and such other restrictions as 
may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Bail-in:  
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder shall acknowledge 
and accept that the Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Bail-in 
Tool by the Competent Authority, as further described in 
Condition  20 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers).  
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Regulatory Matters:  
Each issue of Notes in respect of which particular laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be 
issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time 
(see "Subscription and Sale"). 
Rating:  
The Issuer has been rated BBB- by Fitch and Baa1 by Moody's 
respectively. In general, European regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation.  
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
Use of proceeds:  
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the 
Issuer for: (i) its general corporate purposes, which include making a 
profit; or (ii) any other purpose stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume of risk the Issuer becoming insolvent or otherwise being unable to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. It is 
not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur as the 
Issuer may not be aware of all the relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be 
material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. The 
Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect 
its businesses and ability to make payments due under the Notes. 
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order in which 
the remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks actually 
materialising, of the potential significance of the risks or of the scope of any potential negative impact to 
the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The Issuer may face a 
number of these risks described below simultaneously and some risks described below may be 
interdependent. While the risk factors below have been divided into categories, some risk factors could 
belong in more than one category and prospective investors should carefully consider all of the risk 
factors set out in this section. Prospective investors should also read the information set out elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus, including the documents incorporated by reference and reach their own views, 
based upon their own judgement and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax advisers as they 
deem necessary, prior to making any investment decision. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER AND ITS GROUP 
Risks relating to the Bank's business activity and industry 
Deterioration in Poland's economic conditions could affect the Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
The Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries (the "Group") conduct their operations in Poland. As a result, 
the macroeconomic situation in Poland has a material impact on the business, financial condition and 
results of the Group's operations. 
The economic situation in Poland depends on a number of factors, including measures by which a 
government attempts to influence the economy, such as setting levels of taxation, expenditures or other 
regulations. The economic situation in Poland is also influenced by the decisions of the relevant 
regulatory bodies setting the reference rates and other regulatory ratios concerning the financial sector as 
well as economic decisions made by the authorities of other countries which are Poland's key trade 
partners or the pace and scale of inflow of funds from the European Union. These factors might affect the 
economic growth in Poland, the situation of the labour market and the financial results of the corporate 
sector 
A potential prolonged economic slowdown in Poland would materially affect the Group's operations. 
Higher unemployment and lower consumption, as well as fluctuations in the financial markets (including 
the currency markets), may adversely affect the financial condition of the Group's customers, which 
could, in turn, impair the quality and volume of the Group's loans and advance portfolios and other 
financial assets and result in decreased demand for the Group's products. In addition, in volatile market 
conditions, the value of assets securing loans already granted or to be granted by the Group, including real 
estate, may decline significantly. 
On 24 February 2022 Russia invaded Ukraine and launched a full scale military attack against Ukraine. 
Russian military forces entered Ukrainian territory and, as of the date of the Base Prospectus, occupy 
several cities and infrastructure sites in Ukraine. While Ukrainian and Russian negotiators have 
commenced peace talks it is not yet certain how long the negotiations will take and whether they lead to a 
peaceful resolution of the conflict. The war caused increased market volatility and may negatively affect 
the Polish economy. In particular, the war has already caused a significant increase in prices of 
commodities and fuel. This may put an additional financial strain on the Group’s customers and affect 
their ability to perform their obligations towards the Group. The sanctions imposed on Russia may also 
negatively affect the financial condition of the Group’s customers who conducted business in Russia or

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
with Russian counterparts and who will not be able to sell their products and services on alternative 
markets. The war has also caused a number of Ukrainians to seek refuge in neighbouring countries. 
According to the United Nations Refugee Agency, as of 18 March 2022, at least two million Ukrainians 
had fled to Poland. Such a large number of refugees may put a significant strain on the Polish public 
services and may lead to increased government spending aimed at supporting the refugees. These 
circumstances may negatively affect the growth of the Polish gross domestic product and increase the 
Polish public debt.  
The Group's business, as well as the successful implementation of its strategy, is highly dependent on the 
financial situation of its customers and their ability to repay existing loans, make deposits and acquire 
new financial products offered by the Group. The financial situation of Polish households, including the 
Group's customers, is highly correlated with the unemployment rate. An increase in the unemployment 
rate in Poland could cause an increase in the Group's expected credit losses or hinder the growth of the 
Group's loans and advance portfolio. High inflation may also have a negative impact on the 
creditworthiness of households, which, if prolonged, might trigger a significant increase in central banks' 
interest rates, an increase of financial costs, and hence, lower disposable income. 
The level of risk that is acceptable to customers may also decrease with respect to investments in 
securities, investment fund units or other investment products offered by the Group. Significant volatility 
or a deterioration in financial markets may discourage potential customers from buying investment 
products offered by the Group and current holders may withdraw or reduce their exposure to such 
products, which may have an adverse effect, in particular, on the Group's fee and commission income. 
Any deterioration in economic, business, political and social conditions in Poland may have a material 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition and operations of the Group. 
COVID-19 could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and 
financial position 
A novel strain of the coronavirus causing COVID-19 ("COVID-19"), identified in China in late 2019, has 
spread throughout the world, impacting Asia, Europe, the Middle East and North America. On 11 March 
2020, the World Health Organisation confirmed that COVID-19's spread and severity had escalated to the 
point of a pandemic. Since December 2021, a new, highly contagious variant of the coronavirus caused a 
significant increase in the number of infections in Europe and North America. The outbreak has resulted 
in authorities, including those in Poland, implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, 
such as travel bans and restrictions, curfews, lockdowns, quarantines and shutdowns of businesses and 
workplaces. The duration of such restrictions is highly uncertain, but could be extended, and even stricter 
measures may be put in place. The consequences of these measures include increased unemployment 
levels, sharp decreases and high volatility in the stock markets, disruption of global supply chains, 
exchange rate volatility, and uncertainty on to the future impact in regional and global economies in the 
medium and long term. These measures have also negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively 
impact, businesses, market participants, the Group's counterparties and clients, and the global economy 
for an extended period of time. Furthermore, it is unclear how the macroeconomic business environment 
or societal norms may be impacted after the pandemic. The post-COVID-19 environment may undergo 
unexpected developments or changes in the financial markets (including the level of interest rates), fiscal, 
tax and regulatory environments as well as customer and corporate client behaviour, which could have an 
adverse impact on the business of the Group. 
Many governments and regulatory authorities, including central banks, have acted, and may further act, to 
provide relief from the economic and market disruptions resulting from COVID-19, including providing 
fiscal and monetary stimuli to support the global economy, lowering federal funds rates and interest rates, 
and granting partial or total deferral (a grace period) of principal or interest payments due on loans. 
Schemes have been initiated by both the Group and the Polish government to provide financial support to 
the parts of the Polish economy most impacted by COVID-19. At this stage it is not certain what the 
impact of these schemes on the Polish economy and the Group will be. 
The spread of COVID-19 has led the Group to modify its operational practices, and it may take further 
action if required by the authorities or if it determines that this is in the best interests of its employees, 
customers and other stakeholders. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate 
the risks posed by COVID-19 and its subsequent consequences, and the implementation of such measures 
(or their insufficiency) could harm the Group's ability to perform some of its critical functions and serve

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
its customers. The pandemic and related counter-measures have affected and continue to affect some of 
the Group's customers adversely, which in some cases may be material, and which could in turn have an 
adverse impact on the Group (for example, through deteriorations in credit quality, higher than expected 
credit losses, further impacts of a recent surge in inflation and a rise in interest rates).  
The increased number of infections recorded at the end of 2021 did not result in an increased credit risk 
level for the Group. The inflow of new applications for public moratoria, which provide for certain 
financial relief measures, was at a very low level. 
The full economic impact of COVID-19 is outside the Group's control and will depend on the spread of 
the virus and the response of the local authorities and the global community.  
Additionally, unprecedented movement in economic and market drivers related to COVID-19 impacted 
the performance of financial models, including credit loss models, capital models, trading risk models and 
models used in the asset/liability management process. This has required additional monitoring and 
adjustments to comply with the guidance and recommendations of standard setters, regulators and 
supervisors, particularly for credit loss models. It has also resulted in the use of mitigants for model 
limitations, such as adjustments to model outputs to reflect consideration of management judgement. The 
performance and usage of models have been and may continue to be impacted by the consequences of 
COVID-19. While it is too early to be entirely certain of the magnitude of change required for the models 
of the Group, it is likely that capital, credit risk and other models will need to be adjusted. The 
effectiveness of such models will depend in large part on the depth and length of the economic downturn 
and the recent inflationary and interest rates increase cycle. 
Moreover, the Group's operations will continue to be impacted by risks from remote working 
arrangements or bans on non-essential activities. The reliance on remote working arrangements has 
increased cybersecurity risks given greater use of computer networks outside the corporate environment. 
If the Group becomes unable to operate its business successfully from remote locations including, for 
example, due to failures of its technology infrastructure, increased cybersecurity risks, or governmental 
restrictions that affect its operations, this could result in business disruptions that could have a material 
and adverse effect on its business. 
The degree to which COVID-19 impacts the Group's results of operations, liquidity, access to funding 
and financial position will depend on future developments, which, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. These developments may include, but are not limited to, the 
duration and spread of COVID-19, its severity, actions taken to contain the virus or treat its impact, the 
extent and effectiveness of economic stimuli taken to contain the virus or treat its impact and how quickly 
and to what extent normal economic and business activity can resume. 
The Group faces increasing competition in Poland's banking industry. 
The Group primarily faces competition in its universal banking activities, where its competitors include 
large Polish and international banks operating in Poland's retail, corporate and investment banking 
markets. 
High levels of competition in the banking industry could also lead to increased pricing pressures on the 
Group's products and services, which would have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and results of the Group's operations. Such competition also extends to the fight for qualified 
staff in important areas such as IT, digital, risk management and business intelligence. 
In addition, in recent years the Polish banking sector has experienced an ongoing trend of consolidation, 
which may allow certain competitors of the Group to benefit from an increased scale of operations. 
The competitive position of banks, including that of the Bank, is also affected by other financial services 
providers, ie entities that are not banks, but which engage in the provision of financial services. While not 
regulated by the Polish Financial Supervision Authority (Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego, "the KNF"), 
these entities may be able to offer potential customers more attractive terms for financial services than 
regulated banks. As a result, the Polish banking sector is exposed to competition from non-regulated 
entities. 
Moreover, new entrants such as fintech companies providing online financial services are also 
increasingly competing for customers and market share. The developing relationships between fintech

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
companies and traditional banks are a noticeable trend and may have a significant impact on the existing 
market structure for banking services. New entrants to the financial services market could seek to offer 
those financial services that are traditionally provided by banks. 
These additional competitors are likely to add pressure on margins, especially if they are able to benefit 
from lower cost structures and less onerous regulatory requirements. 
If the Group is unable to maintain its competitive position in the Polish banking sector, this may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks relating to the Group's financial situation 
The Group may fail in implementing its strategy. 
In December 2021 the Group introduced a new strategy for 2022-2024 called "Millennium 2024 Inspired 
by People". In the strategy the Group defined its financial targets and five pillars that correspond to the 
key components of its business model. The five pillars of the new strategy are as follows:  
 
top quality and extended offering for individual clients;  
 
bank of first choice for new microbusinesses;  
 
strategic partner supporting corporate development supported by innovative solutions and top-
notch customer experience in digital channels (mobile-first approach);  
 
sustainable organisation on the path to climate neutrality; and  
 
great place to work for our people and for top talent. 
The Group may fail to implement its strategy in the coming years due to unfavourable market conditions 
stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic or legal and regulatory impediments, an increase in competition 
from other banks or simply due to changes in customer behaviour and other factors. In addition, some 
internal factors may cause the Group to fail to attain its strategic objectives, including delays and 
difficulties in launching new products and solutions in mobile and internet banking, problems in 
developing sales of additional products to its client base, delays in implementing solutions to enhance 
customer service quality, or difficulties in developing the retail or corporate segments. The occurrence of 
such factors may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of the 
Group's operations. 
Claims of borrowers under foreign currency mortgage loans, denominated in CHF or indexed to CHF, 
may adversely affect the Group's financial performance. 
In the first decade of the 21st century Polish banks granted a large number of mortgages denominated in 
Swiss francs or indexed to Swiss francs (the ''CHF Mortgage Loans"). CHF Mortgage Loans were an 
extremely popular product due to, among other things, low interest rates when compared with PLN 
interest rates. Due to the rapid appreciation of CHF, the outstanding PLN equivalent of principal amounts 
of CHF Mortgage Loans increased significantly. For this reason, many CHF Mortgage Loan borrowers 
decided to bring an action for annulment of their CHF Mortgage Loan agreements or some of their 
provisions.  
On 3 October 2019, the Court of Justice of the European Union (the "CJEU"), in its judgment of Case C-
260/18 concerning a mortgage credit agreement in CHF concluded by Raiffeisen Bank Polska S.A, 
indicated, among other things, that the provisions of EU law do not preclude national courts, where they 
find that clauses relating to the CHF Mortgage Loan indexing mechanism are abusive, from deciding to 
annul CHF Mortgage Loan contracts, having regard, however, to whether such annulment would expose 
the consumer to particularly harmful consequences. At the same time, the CJEU held that national courts 
cannot fill in the gaps in CHF Mortgage Loan contracts which arise after the elimination of prohibited 
provisions, on the basis of provisions relating to equity or established custom. The above decision of the 
CJEU also covered credits indexed to other currencies bearing an interest rate directly related to the 
interbank rate of a given currency.

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
In accordance with the above judgment of the CJEU, national courts should assess whether clauses 
relating to a mechanism for indexing loans to foreign currencies or at an interest rate directly linked to the 
interbank rate of the currency concerned are abusive and the existence of the grounds for annulment of a 
credit agreement containing such mechanisms on a case-by-case basis. However, this constitutes a 
precedent that may facilitate the annulment of credit agreements concluded by certain consumers before 
the Polish courts. 
The discussion held in the public domain in Poland concerning the above judgement also affects the 
number of court disputes against the Bank. As of the end of 2019, 1,981 individual claims had been filed 
against the Bank, in 2020 the number increased by 3,007, while in 2021 the number increased by 6,149. 
As of 31 December 2021, only 245 of these cases had been finally resolved (210 in claims submitted by 
clients against the Bank and 35 in claims submitted by the Bank against clients, i.e. debt collection cases). 
60 per cent. of the finalised individual lawsuits against the Bank were resolved in the Bank’s favour, 
including remissions and settlements with plaintiffs. Unfavourable rulings included both the invalidation 
of loan agreements as well as conversions of disputed loans into PLN floating rate loans based on the 
LIBOR rate. In recent months, the decisions of the courts of the first instance were generally in the 
borrowers’ favour. The Bank is challenging the unfavourable rulings in the courts of higher instance and 
the Supreme Court. 
The Group's profitability is already being and may still be materially affected by the need to continue to 
register reserves for legal risk, which may trigger losses that could have a negative impact on the capital 
ratios of the Group and could oblige the Group to launch its recovery plan. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had PLN 12,872 million, including PLN 969 million of CHF 
Mortgage Loans originated by Euro Bank S.A. ("Euro Bank"), a Polish subsidiary of Société Générale, 
acquired by the Group in 2019. The exposure amounts are presented as gross of litigation provisions. As 
at 31 December 2021, the disputes against the Bank concerned 11,070 loan agreements signed by the 
Bank and 913 loan agreements signed by Euro Bank. 94 per cent. of these disputes were still at the court 
of first instance. The total value of claims filed by the plaintiffs amounting was PLN 1,512.4 million and 
CHF 121.3 million (PLN 1,391.9 million and CHF 119.0 million relating to the Bank’s portfolio and PLN 
120.4 million and CHF 2.3 million concerning the Euro Bank’s portfolio). As at 31 December 2021, the 
Group did not have exposures towards corporate clients denominated in, or indexed to, CHF.  The Group 
ceased granting CHF Mortgage Loans in December 2008. The legal risk associated with the CHF 
Mortgage Loans originated by Euro Bank is covered by an indemnity agreement between the Bank and 
Société Générale. 
On 8 December 2020, the Chairman of the KNF proposed a solution to the Polish banking sector to 
address the sector risks related to the CHF Mortgage Loans.  The solution would consist in offering 
banks’ clients a voluntary possibility of concluding arrangements based on which a client would settle a 
CHF Mortgage Loan as if it was a PLN loan bearing interest at an appropriate WIBOR rate increased by 
the margin historically employed for such loans. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank has not 
taken any decision regarding the implementation of this solution, but cannot exclude implementing it in 
the future. The decision to implement this solution could necessitate creating provisions for the losses 
resulting from the conversion of CHF Mortgage Loans. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had an outstanding balance of provisions relating to the legal risk 
associated with CHF Mortgage Loans of PLN 3,332,614 thousand. There is a risk that the Bank may be 
required to increase these provisions and recognise further losses in the future. 
The Court of Justice of the European Union's judgment on the right of consumers to reduce the cost of 
a loan in the event of its early repayment may adversely affect the Group's financial performance. 
Under the provisions of the Act dated 12 May 2011 on Consumer Credit, if a consumer loan is repaid in 
whole or in part before the term specified in the facility agreement, the total cost of the loan is reduced by 
those costs which relate to the period by which the term of the agreement has been shortened, even if the 
consumer bore them before that repayment. In accordance with the prevailing market practice, however, 
Polish banks in the past did not reimburse their customers for the commissions charged for granting those 
loans in the case of early repayment of consumer loans. 
In relation to that practice, in September 2019 the CJEU provided a judgment in Case C-383/18 in which 
it confirmed that, in the case of the early repayment of a loan, the consumer is also entitled to

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
reimbursement of the commission. This means that customers who made an early repayment of a loan are 
able to demand from the banks the reimbursement of the commissions charged by such banks for granting 
those loans. The mass occurrence of such a demand may have an adverse effect on the entire Polish 
banking sector and, consequently, may have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and 
results of the Group's operations. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had a balance of provisions relating to the above judgment in the 
amount of PLN 89,091 thousand, which was estimated on the basis of the maximum amount of potential 
returns and the likelihood of payment being made. In the event the number or amount of customer 
demands against the Group exceeds expectations, the Group may have to increase these provisions and 
satisfying such claims could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
Material increases in the Group's impairment provisions on loans and advances may have an adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations 
In connection with its credit operations, the Group regularly writes down impaired assets and records 
expected credit losses in the profit and loss account of the Group. The total value of the Group's expected 
credit losses depends on the volume and type of borrowing activity and standards applied in the banking 
industry and is calculated based on the three-stage expected credit losses model, reflecting the change in 
the level of risk that occurs since an exposure was recognised, including losses experienced by the Group 
adjusted by expected forward-looking information, expectations on defaults in loan payments, the 
economic situation and other factors connected with the repayment of various loans. It also depends on 
the risk model applied by the Group, which may prove to be incorrect and result in an incorrect 
assessment by the Group of the risk associated with its loan portfolios. Although the Bank's Management 
Board uses its best efforts to establish an appropriate amount of expected credit losses on loans and 
advances, that determination is subject to the evaluation of credit risk and may be affected by numerous 
factors. The Group could be required to increase its expected credit losses on loans and advances in the 
future as a result of increases in non-performing assets or for other reasons. Any material increase in the 
expected credit losses on loans and advances, any loan losses in excess of the previously determined 
expected credit losses on loans and advances with respect thereto or changes in the estimate of the 
provision for expected losses on loans and advances could have an adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The value of the Group's investment and trading portfolios may decrease 
The Group's portfolio of securities comprises debt and equity securities. The quality of the Group's 
portfolio of securities may be affected by macroeconomic factors, the general business environment and 
developments in the financial markets, and by the creditworthiness and financial position of 
counterparties to the Group's transactions. The quality of debt securities held by the Group is dependent 
on the ability of issuers of the securities to make payments on the securities when due, which in turn may 
be affected by changes in their financial standing. 
As at 31 December 2021, debt instruments issued by the State Treasury and the National Bank of Poland 
accounted for 96,7 per cent. of the Group's debt securities portfolio in investment and trading securities. 
A decrease in the price of such securities may occur as a result of several factors, in particular: (i) an 
increased supply of such securities by the Polish government due to an increased issue of those securities 
to finance the budget deficit or an increased offer of securities by investors disposing of them; or (ii) 
increases in domestic interest rates; or (iii) a decrease in the credit ratings for Poland's sovereign debt; or 
(iv) increased political risk and a negative perception of Poland by investors. Any decrease in the price of 
such securities could adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group's portfolio includes negotiable financial instruments whose daily valuations depend on certain 
market parameters (such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates, prices of bonds and stocks, stock 
indices values, futures prices, and implied volatilities of options). As these parameters vary continuously 
according to market forces, valuations of the financial instruments also change accordingly, which may 
adversely impact the unrealised results of these portfolios, even though certain components of the market 
risk of those portfolios are hedged and the trading is carried out within set market risk limits. In addition, 
market movements may also adversely affect realised results of the trading book. Any occurrence of any 
of these factors may have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations.

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
The Group has significant exposure to counterparty credit risk in connection with its banking 
operations 
The Group is exposed to counterparty risk arising from the potential inability of its counterparties, 
including corporate customers, banks and other financial institutions, to fulfil their obligations under 
transactions and financial instruments entered into with the Group due to a number of factors, including, 
in particular, bankruptcies, a lack of market or individual customer liquidity, economic downturns, 
adverse financial and market movements (e.g. in interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates, 
commodity prices or the implied volatility of foreign exchange options), operational failures and 
increased economic and political uncertainty. A reduction in the ability of the Group's counterparties to 
fulfil such obligations, or a default by, or even concerns about the creditworthiness and financial standing 
of, one or more of the Group's counterparties could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
The Group has substantial assets, although decreasing, associated with foreign exchange derivatives 
which include foreign exchange swaps, forwards and options conducted with other banking and non-
banking clients. These foreign exchange derivatives require the customer to provide collateral if the 
instrument reaches a prescribed loss level. Due to significant changes in the PLN exchange rate against 
certain foreign currencies, many customers who have purchased foreign exchange derivatives have been 
unable to provide the required collateral.  
Although the Group actively manages its liquidity requirements and foreign exchange position and 
hedges its exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risks, continued foreign exchange rate volatility 
of the PLN against foreign currencies could increase the pressure on the Group's counterparties and could 
lead to increased defaults by the Group's counterparties and further losses incurred by the Group on its 
foreign exchange derivatives. Such developments could have an adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and results of the Group's operations. 
Any reduction in the credit rating of the Bank and its subsidiaries could increase its cost of funding 
and adversely affect its interest margins 
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms on which the Group is able to obtain funding. A reduction in 
the Group companies' credit ratings could increase the costs associated with its interbank and capital 
market transactions and could adversely affect the Group's liquidity and competitive position, undermine 
confidence in the Group, increase its borrowing costs and adversely affect its interest margins. 
Furthermore, should the rating of the Bank be downgraded below investment grade, this could 
significantly impair the operating business of the Bank, the refinancing costs of the Group and the Bank's 
eligibility to act as a counterparty to derivative transactions for some market participants. 
Rating agencies' assessments are driven by a number of factors, including franchise value, capitalisation, 
profitability, applicable sovereign ratings, refinancing opportunities and liquidity as well as potential 
parental support. Pressure on the Bank's credit ratings may arise, for example, in the event of significantly 
weaker capital generation driven by poorer financial performance, a material deterioration of asset quality 
in a less favourable business environment or the downgrading of the rating applicable to Poland. 
A downgrading in the rating of the Bank and its subsidiaries could increase the financing costs associated 
with transactions on the interbank market and could adversely affect the Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
The potential cessation of WIBOR may have an adverse effect on the mortgage loans portfolio in PLN 
and, subsequently, on the Group's financial performance. 
Under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, supervised entities other than an administrator that use a 
benchmark must produce and maintain robust written plans setting out the actions they would take in the 
event that a benchmark materially changes or ceases to be provided. Where feasible and appropriate, such 
plans shall nominate one or several alternative benchmarks that could be referenced to substitute for the 
benchmarks no longer provided, indicating why such benchmarks would be suitable alternatives. The 
supervised entities must, on request, provide the relevant competent authority with those plans and any 
updates and shall reflect them in the contractual relationship with clients.

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
The Issuer has a significant portfolio of mortgage loans in PLN where the interest rate is a floating rate 
being the sum of the Warsaw Interbank Offer Rate (''WIBOR'') benchmark (with three months tenors) 
and applicable margin, WIBOR may change over time depending on the current quotations on the market 
and liquidity needs.  
WIBOR is also the subject of recent regulatory discussions, guidance and proposals for reform. Such 
reform may cause WIBOR to perform differently than in the past or disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences that cannot be predicted. 
Currently, there is no benchmark that could constitute an alternative to WIBOR. On 2 February 2022, 
GPW Benchmark S.A., the administrator of WIBOR, announced that it intends to develop two new 
benchmarks, the Warsaw Repo Rate and the Warsaw Deposit Market Index. On the date of this Base 
Prospectus, it is not yet certain when these benchmarks will be implemented and whether they will 
constitute a viable alternative to WIBOR. Replacing WIBOR with a new benchmark may have a negative 
influence on the overall interest rate of the floating rate loans advanced by the group and, in consequence, 
the financial results of the Group. The process of WIBOR transition may also result in significant 
administrative and compliance costs to the Group. 
The Group may not be able to improve or sustain its current interest rate margins or commissions on 
loans. 
The net interest income achieved by the Group depends to a large extent on the levels of the Group's 
interest-bearing assets and liabilities and the average interest rates on interest-earning assets and interest-
bearing liabilities. 
Various factors could affect the Group's ability to maintain credit and deposit margins as well as fees and 
commissions at current levels. These factors include the evolving regulatory environment, court 
judgments (for more details please see risk factors Claims of borrowers under mortgage loans 
denominated in CHF or indexed to CHF may adversely affect the Group's financial performance and The 
Court of Justice of the European Union judgment on the right of consumers to reduce the cost of a loan in 
the event of its early repayment will adversely affect the Group's financial performance), increasing 
competition in the market, changing demand for fixed and floating interest rate loans, possible changes in 
monetary policy conducted by the Monetary Policy Council (the ''MPC''), the level of inflation, and 
changes in interest rates on interbank markets. 
The Group could suffer decreasing interest rate margins for various reasons, including if: 
 
market interest rates on floating interest rate loans decline and the Group is unable to offset such 
an effect by decreasing the rates payable on deposits; 
 
interest rates payable on deposits increase as a result of additional competition among banks or 
other factors beyond the Group's control and the Group is unable to offset such an effect by 
increasing the rates on its loans; or 
 
increased competition on the market and economic recovery push credit spreads down. 
The Group's inability to maintain interest rate margins and commissions on loans may result in lower 
net income and could materially adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of the 
Group's operations. 
A high proportion of long-term mortgages in the Group's loan portfolio and the increased level of fixed 
new mortgage loans make it difficult for the Group to adjust its loan margins to market terms whilst any 
deterioration in residential real estate prices and decreases in the value of collateral provided to the Bank 
may negatively affect the Group's business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
In accordance with Polish law, neither the Bank nor any member of the Group is able to unilaterally 
change the terms of granted loans and advances to individuals, including credit margins. As at 31 
December 2021, gross housing and mortgage loans to individuals (retail mortgage loans) have constituted 
a material part (72.1 per cent.) of the Group's total gross loans and advances to individuals. As a result, 
the Group is limited in its ability to change its average credit portfolio margins through the generation of 
new mortgage loans and advances reflecting current credit margins on the market compared with other 
financial institutions operating on the Polish market, which have credit portfolios with a larger proportion

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
of short-term loans. This limited ability to re-price its loan portfolio may adversely affect the business, 
financial condition and results of the Group's operations. 
When granting mortgage loans and calculating the applicable interest rates, the Group assumes a certain 
level of prices of residential real property securing such loans. If sale prices of residential real property in 
Poland substantially decline for any reason, the value of the Group's security may be adversely affected 
and, in cases of foreclosure, the Group may not be able to recover the entire amount of the loan if the 
borrowers are unable to repay them. In addition, investments in real estate are characterised by low 
liquidity as compared with other types of investments and such liquidity may further deteriorate in 
periods of economic downturn. The Group cannot guarantee that if the residential real estate market in 
Poland deteriorates significantly, the ability to enforce its security in a timely and effective manner would 
not deteriorate significantly. 
The occurrence of any of the factors mentioned above may have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition, and/or results of operations of the Group. 
The Group's risk management methods may prove ineffective at mitigating credit risk. 
Losses relating to credit risk may arise if the risk management policies, procedures and assessment 
methods implemented by the Group to mitigate credit risk and to protect against credit exposures prove 
less effective than expected. The Group employs qualitative tools and metrics for managing risk that are 
based on observed historical market behaviour. These tools and procedures may fail to predict future risk 
exposures, especially in a market characterised by increased volatility and falling prices. Given the 
Group's variety of lending activities, the risk management systems employed by the Group may prove 
insufficient in measuring and managing risks. 
The occurrence of any of the factors mentioned above may have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition, and/or results of the Group's operations. 
The Group is exposed to operational risk related to its business activities. 
Operational risk accompanies all processes at banks and its consequences can often be significant. The 
Group is subject to the risk of incurring losses or unforeseen costs relating to inadequate or failed internal 
processes, human error, system failures, errors relating to the outsourcing of the performance of certain 
services to external service providers, and external events. Typical categories of operational loss include: 
errors made during the execution of operations, record-keeping errors, business disruptions (caused by, 
for example, software or hardware failures and communication breakdowns), fraud (including related to 
credit cards), legal claims over transactions or operations and damage to assets. In addition, because some 
of the Group's business transactions are conducted via internet platforms, the Group is exposed to third-
party attacks on its IT systems, which could result in financial or reputational loss. The Group utilises a 
number of IT systems to conduct its operations. Due to the high complexity of interactions and 
interdependencies among the Group's IT systems, there can be no assurance that these systems will 
always properly interact with one another or will always effectively ensure error-free and timely transfers 
of data within the IT structure of the Bank and the Group. 
The Group also outsources the performance of specific activities on its behalf, including IT services as 
well as document consignment services, cash support services, cash processing, and debt recovery to third 
parties. Additionally, the Bank outsources to external service providers the performance of certain 
services relating to the sale of retail banking products offered by the Bank. If any of the third parties on 
which the Bank relies fail to duly perform in accordance with the terms of their agreements with the 
Bank, then this could result in operational deficiencies or reputational risk for the Group. Furthermore, 
the Group may be exposed to the risk of liability to its customers and reputational loss if such external 
providers fail to duly perform their services or, specifically, if they perform their services in breach of 
applicable law or banking regulations or if they take improper actions which result in an infringement of 
third-party rights. 
Additionally, failures of the Group's operational risk management system to detect or prevent operational 
problems caused by third parties which prevent them from performing the activities outsourced to them 
could affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
The occurrence of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition and results of the Group's operations. 
The Group faces liquidity risk. 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank may be unable to meet current and future (including contingent) 
payment obligations as they become due. Liquidity risk may result from internal factors (eg, the impact of 
negative publicity and/or reputational damage, resulting, for instance, in excessive withdrawal of cash by 
the Bank's clients or the materialisation of credit risk) and external factors (turbulence and crises in the 
financial markets, country risk or disruption in the operation of clearing systems). 
The Group becomes exposed to liquidity risk when the maturities of its assets and liabilities do not 
coincide. In particular, the Group may be exposed to increased liquidity risk as a result of its holdings of 
real estate mortgage loans, which are long-term assets. Although holdings of real estate mortgage loans 
are generally covered by long and mid-term funding, they are mostly financed by short-term and on-
demand deposits. 
Maturity mismatches between the Group's assets and liabilities may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations if the Group is unable to obtain new 
deposits or find alternative sources of funding for existing and future loan and advance portfolios. 
In terms of current and short-term liquidity risk, if a substantial portion of the Bank's clients withdraw 
their demand deposits or do not roll over their term deposits on maturity, as would be the case with many 
other banks, the Bank's liquidity position may be adversely affected. Current liquidity may also be 
affected by unfavourable financial market conditions. If assets held by the Bank to provide liquidity 
become illiquid due to unforeseen financial market events or their value drops substantially, in such 
circumstances the Bank may not be able to meet its obligations as they become due and therefore may be 
forced to resort to interbank funding, which, in the event of an unstable market situation, may become 
excessively expensive and uncertain. In addition, the Bank's ability to use such external funding sources 
is directly connected with the level of credit lines available to the Bank, and this in turn is dependent on 
the Bank's financial and credit condition, as well as general market liquidity. 
A loss of liquidity or an inability to raise sufficient funds to finance its operations, particularly its lending 
operations, may have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of the Group's 
operations. 
The Group may not be able to hire, train or retain a sufficient number of qualified personnel. 
The success of the Group's business depends, among other things, on its ability to recruit and maintain 
qualified personnel. The Group is dependent on high-level management to implement its strategy and 
day-to-day operations. The Group endeavours to reduce the risk of losing key employees through various 
measures, including in particular through management and career development measures. Despite these 
measures, the Group may not succeed in attracting or retaining highly qualified employees in the future. 
In Poland, there is strong competition for qualified personnel specialised in banking and finance, 
especially at middle and upper management levels. Competition of this kind may increase the Group's 
personnel-related costs and make it difficult to recruit and offer incentives to qualified personnel. In 
addition, the Group's senior management or key employees of the Group's companies may resign or file a 
termination notice at any time, which could harm the relationships the Group's companies have developed 
with their customers. The Group's companies may not be able to retain such employees, and if they do 
resign, the Group's companies may not be able to replace them with persons of the same ability or 
experience. This could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of 
operations and/or prospects of the Group. 
The Group's IT systems may fail or their security may be compromised. 
The Group relies heavily on numerous IT systems for a variety of functions, including processing 
applications, providing information to customers, maintaining financial records and providing crucial 
financial and market data to the Bank's management board. In addition, the Group uses distribution 
channels based on an IT platform comprising online banking, mobile banking and call centres. 
The Group's activities involve the use and constant development of several IT platforms dedicated to the 
various segments of the Group. In particular, the business model of the Bank's retail segment, which

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
involves offering banking services through an online transactional system and mobile applications, is 
significantly dependent on the availability, functionality and security of the Group's IT systems and, as a 
result of its high reliance on online platforms, it is also particularly exposed to third-party attacks via the 
internet. Malfunctions, in particular with respect to the use of and interactions between the Group's IT 
platforms, information leakages, service interruptions or similar events may affect the relationship 
between the Group and its customers. The Group constantly modifies and enhances the protective 
measures it takes to counteract these risks. Nevertheless, there is a risk that such measures may not be 
effective against all threats related to cyber-attacks, taking into account their varying nature and evolving 
sophistication. A successful attack could result in material losses of client or customer information, 
damage to computer systems and harm to the Group's reputation, and lead to regulatory penalties or 
financial losses. 
Moreover, programming errors and similar disruptions could impact the Group's ability to serve the needs 
of its customers on a timely basis, interrupt the Group's operations, damage the Group's reputation or 
require it to incur significant technical, legal and other expenses. In addition, the integrated IT system or 
upgraded information technology systems may fail to meet the needs of the Group's growing and 
changing business. 
The Group is also subject to regulation in relation to the use of personal data. The Regulation (EU) 
2016/679 of 27 April 2016 (the ''GDPR'') imposes new obligations and guidelines on companies in the 
management and processing of personal data. The Group has procedures in place to ensure compliance 
with the relevant data protection regulations (including the GDPR) by its employees and any third party 
service providers, and has also implemented security measures to prevent cyber-theft. However, if the 
Group or any of its third-party service providers fail to store or transmit customer information in a secure 
manner, or if any loss or wrongful processing of personal customer data were otherwise to occur, the 
Group could be subject to investigative and enforcement action by the relevant regulatory authorities and 
could be subject to claims or complaints from persons to whom the data relates, or could face liability 
under data protection laws. Should some or all of these risks materialise, this may have an adverse effect 
on the business, financial condition and results of the Group's operations. 
The Group stores and processes significant amounts of personal data and is exposed to a potential 
breach of personal data protection regulations. 
As part of its day-to-day operations, the Group stores and processes the personal data of its customers on 
a large scale. The storage and processing of personal data by the Group must comply with the laws 
governing personal data protection. From May 2018, following the entry into force of the GDPR, the 
obligations related to storage and processing of personal data have been substantially expanded. The 
GDPR imposes obligations and guidelines on companies in the management and processing of personal 
data. Administrative fines of up to EUR 20 million, or 4 per cent. of a company's annual turnover, can be 
imposed for non-compliance with the GDPR. 
The Group implemented procedures to ensure compliance with the relevant data protection regulations by 
its employees and any third-party service providers and also implemented security measures to prevent 
cyber-theft. However, if the Group or any of its third-party service providers fail to store or transmit 
customer information in a secure manner, if any loss or wrongful processing of personal customer data 
were otherwise to occur, or if the Group fails to notify the regulator of personal data breaches, the Group 
could be subject to investigative and enforcement actions by the relevant regulatory authorities and could 
be subject to claims or complaints from the person to whom the data relates, or could face liability under 
data protection laws. Furthermore, any breaches of personal data protection laws may have an adverse 
effect on the reputation of the Group and as a consequence may have an adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
Risks relating to the Group and its relationship with BCP and its affiliates (the BCP Group) 
BCP holds corporate control over the Bank. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Comercial Português S.A. (the ''BCP'') held 607,771,505 
shares, representing 50.10 per cent. of the Bank's share capital, which gives BCP the right to exercise 
50.10 per cent. of the total number of votes at the Bank's General Shareholders' Meeting.

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
BCP is able to exercise corporate control over the Bank due to its share in the capital of the Bank and in 
the total number of votes at the General Meeting. In particular, BCP has majority voting power at the 
General Meeting, and thus has a decisive voice regarding major corporate decisions, such as amendments 
of the Articles of Association, the issuance of new shares of the Bank, decreases in the Bank's share 
capital, the issuance of convertible bonds and the payment of dividends. In addition, BCP holds a 
sufficient number of votes to appoint a majority of members of the Supervisory Board, which, in turn, 
appoints the members of the Management Board. As a result, BCP has the ability to exercise considerable 
control over the Bank's operations. 
If there is a conflict between the interests of BCP and the interests of the Group, this could have an 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of the Group's operations. 
The Bank's shareholders are not required to support the Bank. 
The Bank is an independent entity from its principal shareholder, ie BCP. BCP is not obliged to provide 
support and finance to the Group in the future, in particular to subscribe for newly issued shares in any 
future equity offering or to ensure debt financing for the Group. If the Bank needs further equity 
injections or debt financing, or if a significant decrease in BCP's shareholding in the Bank in the future 
were to occur, the lack of financial support from BCP may have a negative reputational effect on the 
Group. A loss of control over the Bank by BCP in the future may also lead to negative consequences 
resulting from the agreements based on which the Group obtained debt financing, in particular the 
potential necessity to repay such debt financing earlier. The occurrence of any of these situations may 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Litigation, administrative or other proceedings or actions may adversely affect the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Due to the nature of its business, the Group may be exposed to a risk of court, administrative or other 
proceedings being instituted against it by customers, employees, shareholders and other persons in 
connection with its business. 
The outcome of litigation or similar proceedings or actions is difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs in 
these types of actions against the Bank or the Group's companies may seek recovery in large or 
indeterminate amounts or other remedies that may affect the ability of the Bank or the Group companies' 
to conduct their business, and the magnitude of the potential losses relating to such actions may remain 
unknown for substantial periods of time. The costs of defending future actions may be significant. There 
may also be negative publicity associated with litigation against particular Group companies that could 
damage the reputation of the Group or the particular Group companies concerned, regardless of whether 
the allegations are valid or whether the Group is ultimately found liable. 
As a result, litigation, administrative and other proceedings may adversely affect the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. As at 31 December 2021, the value of the Group's provisions 
for legal claims not related to the CHF Mortgage Loans was PLN 135.4 million. 
Risks related to legal and regulatory environment 
The Bank and the Group may be unable to satisfy its or their required minimum capital adequacy 
ratios or minimum requirement for eligible liabilities.  
Increasing capital requirements constitute one of the Bank's main regulatory challenges and they may 
adversely affect the Bank's profitability. In addition, there would be significant operational and regulatory 
risk in the event of any possibility of failure to maintain required capital levels. 
The adequacy assessment of the Group's capital base (including, among others, the calculation of capital 
ratios and the leverage ratio, own funds and the total capital requirement) is made according to a number 
of European and Polish regulations, including: 
 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access 
to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms (as amended, the ''Capital Requirements Directive'') and Regulation (EU) No. 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 with further 
amendments on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 (as amended, the ''CRR'' and, together with the Capital 
Requirements Directive, the ''CRD''); and 
 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876, Directive (EU) No. 2019/878, Directive (EU) No. 2019/879 and 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 which came into force on 27 June 2019 (the ''EU Banking 
Reform Legislation''), with certain provisions applying from 27 June 2019 and other provisions 
gradually being phased in and/or being subject to national implementation. 
The CRD introduced a number of fundamental reforms to the regulatory capital framework for 
internationally active banks, the principal elements of which were set out in Basel III. 
The EU Banking Reform Legislation has covered multiple areas, including the capital ratio framework, 
the leverage ratio, mandatory restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own funds and eligible 
liabilities, macroprudential tools, the MREL (as defined below) framework and the integration of the 
minimum total loss-absorbing capacity into EU legislation. 
The minimum levels of mandatory capital adequacy ratios for banks in Poland, specified by the KNF in 
line with the CRD regime, are: 
 
the capital requirement arising from CRR – a Total Capital Ratio (the ''TCR'') of 8 per cent. and 
a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6 per cent.; 
 
a combined buffer requirement, which includes a capital conservation buffer, a countercyclical 
capital buffer, an O-SII buffer (individual for particular banks) and a systemic risk buffer;  
 
an additional own funds requirements in Pillar II (''P2R''); 
 
on top of the mandatory level of capital adequacy ratio, an additional expectation for own funds 
under Pillar II (''P2G'') can be requested by the KNF. 
Taking into account the capital buffers and capital add-on, as at 31 December 2021 the required minimum 
capital ratios for the Bank at the individual level were 13.57 per cent. for TCR and 10.86 per cent. for 
Tier 1 capital ratio. At the consolidated Group level, the required minimum capital ratios are 13.54 per 
cent. for TCR and 10.84 per cent. for Tier 1 capital ratio. As of the date of this Base Prospectus the 
additional P2G expectation was set on top of above TCR minimum requirements and the level of P2G 
expectation on top of the TCR level was 0.89 per cent. in 2022. On the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
capital adequacy ratios reported by the Bank were above the minimum levels required by KNF on both 
the individual and consolidated levels. However, certain developments could affect the Group's ability to 
continue to satisfy the minimum capital adequacy requirements, including: 
 
an increase in the Group's total risk exposure amount as a result of the rapid expansion of its 
business or depreciation of the PLN against the foreign currencies in which a part of the Group's 
assets are denominated; 
 
deterioration of asset quality leading to a higher level of regulatory expected loss, which would 
cause an increased amount of capital deductions; 
 
the Bank's ability to raise capital; 
 
losses resulting from a deterioration in the Group's asset quality, a reduction in income levels, an 
increase in expenses or a combination of all of the above; 
 
a decline in the values of the Group's securities portfolio; 
 
changes in accounting rules or in the guidelines regarding the calculation of the capital adequacy 
ratios of banks; and 
 
additional capital requirements or changes in the minimum capital requirements imposed by the 
Bank's regulator.

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
The Group's ability to raise additional capital may be limited by numerous factors, including: 
 
the Group's future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; 
 
any necessary government regulatory approvals; 
 
the financial condition of the Bank's majority shareholder; 
 
financial market disruptions; 
 
the Bank's credit rating; 
 
general market conditions for capital-raising activities by commercial banks and other financial 
institutions; and 
 
domestic and international economic, political and other conditions. 
In addition to the above, the CRR Regulation also includes a requirement for the Bank to maintain the 
leverage ratio (the ''LR''), the liquidity coverage ratio (the ''LCR'') and the net stable funding ratio 
requirements (the ''NSFR'') introduced under the CRR II. As of 31 December 2021, the LR, LCR and the 
NSFR with respect to the Bank were above the minimum levels required by the CRR. 
Furthermore, Art. 45 of the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (the ''BRRD'') provides that 
Member States shall ensure that institutions meet, at all times, a minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities (the ''MREL''). The MREL shall be calculated as the amount of own funds and eligible 
liabilities expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount. Under the current guidelines, the 
deadline for meeting the first binding mid-term MREL-total risk-weighted exposure amount (the 
''MREL-TREA'') the first target was set for 31 December 2021. For 31 March 2022 the target was set at 
the level of 15.60 per cent. and the final MREL-TREA target must be met on 31 December 2023 at the 
level of 20.42 per cent. 
A breach of existing laws relating to minimum capital adequacy ratios or MREL requirements may result 
in entities in the Group being subject to administrative sanctions, which may result in an increase in the 
operating costs of the Group, loss of reputation, and may, consequently, it may have an adverse effect on 
the business, financial condition and results of the Group's operations. The Group may also be subject to 
restrictions on its ability to pay discretionary distributions to holders of Tier 1 capital which may have an 
adverse effect on the Group’s ability to raise capital or funding to support its operations. 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive implemented into Polish law may adversely affect the 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
Based on the reform measures developed by the Financial Stability Board (Effective Resolution of 
Systemically Important Financial Institutions) and Basel III, the European Parliament and the Council of 
the European Union adopted the BRRD. The aim of the BRRD is to minimise the burden on taxpayers in 
the event of failures on the part of banks to meet their obligations while ensuring that shareholders and 
creditors bear the costs thereof. 
Under the BRRD, the resolution authorities are vested with the necessary powers to apply resolution tools 
to institutions that meet the applicable conditions for resolution. The resolution tools include, inter alia, 
the instrument of "bail-in", which gives resolution authorities the power to write down the claims of the 
unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert debt claims to equity without the consent of the 
creditors. The resolution authorities are also vested with the power to write down "relevant capital 
instruments" in full and on a permanent basis or to convert them in full into common equity Tier 1 
instruments before any resolution action is taken if and when one or more specific circumstances apply, 
such as the determination by the relevant resolution authority that the institution meets the conditions for 
resolution and that the institution concerned has reached the point of "non-viability". A write-down 
follows the allocation of losses and in reverse order to the order in which claims are settled in bankruptcy 
proceedings so that equity absorbs the losses in full before any debt claim is subject to write-down. 
Under the BRRD, the costs of resolution are to be borne by the banking sector. The Member States 
should set up their own financing arrangements funded with contributions from banks and investment 
firms made by those entities proportionally to their liabilities and risk profile. Banks ought to contribute

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
annually in relation to their share of specific liabilities in the total size of the national financial sector to 
reach a target funding level of at least 1 per cent. of deposits (over a ten-year period). If the ex-ante funds 
are insufficient to cover the resolution of a financial institution, further contributions will be raised ex-
post. 
The relevant regulations of the BRRD were implemented in Poland under the Act dated 10 June 2016 on 
the Bank Guarantee Fund, the Deposit Guarantee Scheme and Mandatory Restructuring (the ''Act on the 
Bank Guarantee Fund''). The Act on the Bank Guarantee Fund modified the legal framework of the 
deposit guarantee scheme in Poland operated by the Bank Guarantee Fund (Bankowy Fundusz 
Gwarancyjny, ''BGF'') and developed a framework allowing for the orderly resolution of financial 
institutions. The Act on the Bank Guarantee Fund also repealed the existing restructuring and support 
measures under Polish law to bring the relevant provisions in line with the BRRD framework. In this 
respect, the Act on the Bank Guarantee Fund amended several other related legal acts, including 
legislation on financial instruments, insolvency, financial market supervision and recapitalisation of 
financial institutions. The Bank must comply with the Act on the Bank Guarantee Fund and has adjusted 
its operations to comply with the new requirements. 
The introduction of the new regulations and the resulting changes in the regulatory requirements may 
have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Changes to or an increase in the regulation of the financial services and banking industry in Poland 
and internationally could have an adverse effect on the Group's business. 
Regulations governing the banking and financial services industries in Poland and internationally are 
likely to increase, particularly in the current market environment where supervisors have recently moved 
to tighten regulations governing financial institutions. As a result of these and other ongoing and possible 
future changes in the financial services regulatory landscape (including requirements imposed on the 
Group as a result of governmental or regulatory initiatives, such as the recommendations of the European 
Banking Authority, the European Central Bank or other bodies of the European Union, the 
recommendations of the KNF and new or updated regulations from the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision), the Group may face greater regulation in Poland and other countries in which it conducts 
operations. Compliance with such changes may increase its capital requirements and costs, heighten 
disclosure requirements, hinder its ability to enter into or carry out certain types of transactions, affect the 
Group's strategy and limit or require modification of the rates or fees that it charges on certain loan and 
other products, any of which could lower the return ratio on its investments, assets and equity. The Group 
may thus face increased compliance costs and limitations on its ability to pursue certain business 
opportunities. 
As a result of new recommendations from the KNF, as well as other possible changes in existing 
recommendations and the issuance of new recommendations affecting supervision, the Bank may become 
subject to more onerous and strict supervision, increased capital adequacy requirements, changes in its 
risk model and risk management or be required to incur additional costs, and could be subject to 
restrictions on certain types of transactions. 
The occurrence of any of the above-mentioned factors may affect the Group's strategy, its growth 
potential, its fees and commissions and profit margins and, consequently, could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Bank may be required to implement a recovery plan or other early intervention measures under 
the Act dated 29 August 1997 Banking Law (the ''Banking Law''). 
If the Bank breaches the applicable regulatory ratios or there is a risk of such breach or the financial 
situation of the Bank deteriorates significantly, the Bank's Management Board shall notify the KNF, and 
the BGF may need to ensure the implementation of a recovery plan. In such situations the KNF can also 
undertake supervisory measures against the Bank itself. The KNF may request a recovery plan or 
restructuring its liabilities, may come to the conclusion that some of the Bank's activities are prohibited or 
restricted, it may recall one or more members of the Bank's Management Board or a trustee appointed by 
the KNF, or it may request a change in the Bank's business strategy.

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
The above actions, if taken by the KNF against the Bank, may have a significant impact on the Bank and 
on the implementation of its business strategy. The risk of requiring the implementation of a recovery 
plan would increase if the banks in Poland converted CHF mortgage loans into PLN at preferential rates. 
The Bank may be required to make substantial mandatory contributions, including contributions to the 
Bank Guarantee Fund and the Borrowers' Support Fund. 
Under the provisions of the Act on the Bank Guarantee Fund, the Bank is a member of a mandatory 
guarantee scheme and is obliged to contribute to a deposit guarantee fund and a resolution fund. 
Since 2017, the amount of contributions to the bank guarantee fund and the resolution fund is calculated 
by the BGF individually for each bank. Contributions to the deposit guarantee fund are paid quarterly. 
The basis for calculating contributions for a given quarter is the value of the covered deposits in a bank, at 
the end of the quarter immediately preceding the quarter to which the contribution relates. Contributions 
to the banks' resolution funds are paid once a year. The basis for calculating contributions is the sum of a 
bank's liabilities (net of own funds and covered deposits) as at the last approved annual financial 
statements before 31 December of the year preceding the year of contribution and the institution's risk 
profile, taking into account the risk assessment in the areas of risk exposure, stability and diversity of 
funding sources, importance of the institution to the stability of the financial system or the economy, and 
additional indicators defined at the national level. 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the value of the Group's BGF contribution for both funds 
amounted to PLN 118.2 million, compared with PLN 167.2 million in 2020. 
Due to the relatively large scale of the Bank's operations, if a member of the mandatory guarantee scheme 
were to declare bankruptcy, the Bank may be obliged to make larger payments to the BGF than other 
members of the deposit guarantee system. 
The Group may fail to comply with, or be subject to changes in, certain regulatory requirements 
applicable to banking and other regulated business, or with the guidelines set forth by the financial 
supervisory authorities on the markets where the Group is present. 
Apart from its banking operations, the Group also renders other regulated financial services and offers 
transactional banking products, products relating to the market for financial instruments and insurance 
products that are subject to the supervision of the KNF, the authority supervising financial markets, 
including the banking sector in Poland and other relevant authorities in the jurisdictions where it operates. 
The scope of supervision and regulation of these products and services is also dependent on directives and 
regulations issued by European regulatory authorities. 
The increasing number and ambiguity of certain regulatory requirements, and their application to the 
Group in the markets where the Group is present, together with changes to the regulatory requirements 
and guidelines, has placed an increased burden on the Bank and other Group entities to amend their 
internal policies and procedures to meet the requirements of the competent supervisory authorities and 
EU directives and regulations, which in some cases may have led to instances of non-compliance of the 
Bank and other Group entities. In addition, the requirements and obligations stemming from different 
jurisdictions and the application thereof may be unclear and contradictory and in some cases may have 
led to instances of non-compliance by the Bank and other Group entities. 
Uncertainty with regard to the new rules and guidelines during the period in which they are implemented 
in the jurisdictions relevant to the Group, as well as potential further changes to European or Polish 
banking regulations, may impact the Group's ability to access capital or carry out certain business 
activities. 
A failure to satisfy these requirements may expose the Bank or other Group entities to sanctions, fines 
and other penalties, which may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and 
results of the Group's operations.

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
The KNF or the Office for Competition and Consumer Protection may identify issues during 
inspections of the Bank in the future which, if not adequately resolved by the Bank, may result in 
sanctions, fines or other penalties. 
In the course of its activities, the Group is subject to numerous inspections, reviews, audits and 
explanatory proceedings conducted by various supervisors who oversee the financial services sector and 
other areas in which the Group operates, including the KNF and the Office for Competition and 
Consumer Protection (the "OCCP"). Each year, the Bank is subject to various types of supervisory 
interactions in the form of inspections and other control activities. Recommendations issued by the 
supervisory authorities as a result of these activities are implemented in accordance with the schedules 
declared by the Bank and accepted by the supervisory authorities.  
If any irregularities are found by these supervisory authorities and the Bank fails to remedy them 
(provided that such possibility is given) the Bank may be exposed to sanctions, fines and other penalties 
as prescribed by the Banking Law and consumer protection regulations. This could affect the business, 
financial condition and results of the Group's operations. 
Interpretation of Polish tax law regulations may be unclear and Polish tax laws and regulations may 
change. 
The Polish tax system is subject to frequent changes. Some provisions of Polish tax law are ambiguous 
and often there is no unanimous or uniform interpretation of law or uniform practice by the tax 
authorities. Because of different interpretations of Polish tax law, the risk connected with Polish tax law 
may be greater than that under other tax jurisdictions in more developed markets. The Bank cannot 
guarantee that the Polish tax authorities will not take a different, unfavourable, interpretation of tax 
provisions implemented by the Bank or any Group member, which may have an adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
RISKS RELATED TO NOTES  
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At such times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed, and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a 
conversion, this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may 
be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer 
converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes may be less favourable than the prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the 
same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may 
be lower than the prevailing market rates.

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
Risks relating to Reset Notes. 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if 
any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First 
Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a "Subsequent Reset Rate"). The Subsequent Reset 
Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate for 
prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared with more conventional interest-bearing securities 
having comparable maturities. 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to or referencing “benchmarks” 
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such benchmarks. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (the ''EURIBOR'') and other interest rates or other types of rates and 
indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international 
regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others 
are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the 
past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised or registered. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the EUWA (the ''UK Benchmarks Regulation'') applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution 
of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in 
the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or 
registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation or UK Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) 
have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate 
or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, 
or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of 
certain ''benchmarks''. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank 
announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a 
"risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a 
variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate (''€STR'') as the new risk-free rate for 
the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has 
subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains 
uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or 
replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the 
Conditions or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including 
Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is 
subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the 
nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect 
such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes (linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in 
whole or in part) upon, a benchmark), the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for 
securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation or any 
of the international or national benchmark reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide that, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event or 
Benchmark Transition Event, certain fallback arrangements will apply, which may affect the 
calculation of interest amounts 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor 
service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined 
in the Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the issue date for a Series of Notes. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of 
interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or 
alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a 
relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the 
replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may 
not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain 
circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent 
Adviser (as defined in the Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.  
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes. 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average (''SONIA''), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (''SOFR'') and the euro short-term rate (''€STR''), as reference rates for 
Eurobonds continues to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the 
development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such 
rates, but also to how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted.

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates 
issued under this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the 
SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in 
terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this 
Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity 
or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free 
rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies (including ''shift'', ''lag'', and 
''lock-out'' methodologies) have been used in risk-free rate notes issued to date. No assurance can be given 
that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the 
Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, market participants and relevant working 
groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including various ways to 
produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation 
of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different 
measures of such risk-free rates. 
If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price 
of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are 
more widely used. The nascent development of overnight rates as interest reference rates for the bond 
markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility or could otherwise adversely affect the market price of any such Notes issued under the 
Programme from time to time. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices.  
Risk-free rates may differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects and have a 
limited history. 
Risk-free rates may differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects. These include 
(without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted 
average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank 
offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a 
risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may 
behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. 
Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore 
will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 
3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in 
comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that 
reason, future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical 
performance. The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to 
historical levels. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to 
such rates such as correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical 
performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on 
any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of 
being determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for 
investors in Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which 
will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. 
Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking 
rates become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default or are otherwise redeemed early on a date 
which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes 
shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the 
Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could 
change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR or any related index. 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their 
successors) as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR 
Compounded Index) or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change 
the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such 
risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices. In 
addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR or any related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on 
the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when 
calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Notes may be required to absorb losses as a result of statutory powers conferred on the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
The Noteholders are subject to the risk that the Notes may be required to absorb losses as a result of 
statutory powers conferred on the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
The BRRD contains various resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination 
where the Relevant Resolution Authority considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) 
there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of 
such relevant entity within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. 
The powers provided to the Relevant Resolution Authority under the BRRD include, among others, a 
statutory write-down and conversion power that can be used to ensure that tier 1 and tier 2 subordinated 
capital instruments (which could include Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) fully absorb losses at the point of 
non-viability of an institution or its group and before any resolution action is taken. There is also a 
separate resolution tool, the "bail-in tool", which gives the Relevant Resolution Authority the power to 
cancel all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain unsecured liabilities and to 
convert certain unsecured debt claims (including Notes) to equity, which equity could also be subject to 
any future write-down. The bail-in tool can be used to recapitalise an institution that is failing or likely to 
fail, allowing authorities to restructure it through the resolution process and restore its viability after 
reorganisation and restructuring. Under the BRRD the point of non-viability of a resolution entity is the 
point at which the relevant resolution authority determines that the resolution entity or its group: (i) meets 
conditions for resolution; or (ii) will no longer be viable unless the relevant instruments (such as Notes 
issued under the Programme) are written down or converted into equity; (iii) requires extraordinary public 
financial support in any case other than to remedy a serious disturbance in the economy of an EEA 
member state and to preserve financial stability; or (iv) infringes or, in the near future, will infringe its 
consolidated prudential requirements in a way that would justify action by the resolution authority.  
In addition, the powers granted to the Relevant Resolution Authority under the BRRD include the 
following resolution tools: (i) to direct the sale of the relevant financial institution or the whole or part of 
its business on commercial terms without requiring the consent of the shareholders or compliance with 
the procedural requirements that would otherwise apply, (ii) to transfer all or part of the business of the 
relevant financial institution to a "bridge bank" (a publicly controlled entity), and (iii) to transfer the 
assets of the relevant financial institution to an asset management vehicle to allow them to be managed 
over time. The BRRD also grants powers to enable the Relevant Resolution Authority to implement the 
resolution tools, including the power to replace or substitute the relevant financial institution as obligor in 
respect of debt instruments, the power to modify the terms of debt instruments (including altering the 
maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments),

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
and/or the power to discontinue the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. Any 
application of the "bail-in" power shall be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal 
insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on Noteholders will depend on their 
ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority given to other creditors such as 
depositors. 
As a result, the BRRD contemplates that resolution authorities may require the permanent write-down of 
such capital instruments (which write-down may be in full) or the conversion of them into common 
equity tier 1 instruments at the point of non-viability (which common equity Tier 1 instruments may also 
be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool described above) and before any other bail-in or 
resolution tool can be used. The application of any non-viable loss-absorption measure may result in 
Noteholders losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of any such power may be inherently 
unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may be outside the Issuer's control.  
While the BRRD provides for compensation to be paid to certain creditors (which may in certain cases be 
given in the form of equity shares) who receive less in a resolution of a relevant entity than they would 
have received had that entity been allowed to enter into normal insolvency proceedings (known as the ''no 
creditor worse off'' or ''NCWO'' protection), there can be no guarantee that any Noteholder or 
Couponholder will be eligible to receive compensation for any losses in respect of their Notes, or that any 
compensation received will cover their losses on their Notes in full. 
Under the terms of the Notes, investors will agree to be bound by and consent to the exercise of any 
bail-in power. 
The Notes may be subject to the exercise, in the future, of a bail-in power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority and the Notes include a contractual consent to the application of the bail-in power and, 
consequently, investors may lose part or all of their investment in the Notes (see Condition 20 
(Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers). 
By acquiring Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by (a) the 
effect of the exercise of any bail-in power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that may include and 
result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the 
principal amount of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other outstanding amounts due under, or in 
respect of, the Notes; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or any interest on, 
the Notes or any other outstanding amounts due under, or in respect of, the Notes into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the 
Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification 
or variation of the terms of the Notes; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes; and (iv) the amendment or 
alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or 
the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
and (b) the variation of the terms of the Notes, if necessary, to give effect to the exercise of any bail-in 
power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. The exercise of any such powers or any suggestion of, or 
perception of there being an increased likelihood of, such exercise could materially adversely affect the 
rights of Noteholders, the price or value of the Notes or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations 
under the Notes. 
Remedies in case of default in respect of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior 
Subordinated Notes or in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes are severely limited.  
The Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes will contain limited enforcement events relating to:  
(i) 
non-payment by the Issuer of any amounts due under the Notes. In such circumstances, as 
described in more detail in Condition  10.3 (Events of Default relating to Senior MREL Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) of the 
Conditions and subject as provided below, a Noteholder may prove or claim in the bankruptcy or 
liquidation of the Issuer; and  
(ii) 
the bankruptcy or the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer, whether in Poland or any other 
relevant jurisdiction. In such circumstances, as described in more detail in in Condition  10.3 
(Events of Default relating to Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) of the Conditions, a Noteholder may declare 
its Notes to be due and payable at their principal amount (or such other redemption amount as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), and prove or claim in the bankruptcy or 
liquidation of the Issuer. However, in each case, the Noteholder, may claim payment in respect 
of such Note only in the winding up or liquidation or, as the case may be, bankruptcy or 
liquidation of the Issuer. 
In either case however, Noteholders will not have any rights to petition for the bankruptcy or liquidation 
of the Issuer under Polish law, as only the KNF and the BGF are authorised to file an insolvency 
application concerning a Polish bank. Noteholders are therefore dependent upon action being taken by a 
third party before they have any right to declare their Notes due and payable or have any ability to prove 
or claim in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the Issuer's option for taxation reasons or upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event or an MREL Disqualification Event, subject to certain 
conditions. 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due 
to any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Poland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax (a ''Tax Jurisdiction''), the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all outstanding 
Notes in whole, but not in part, in accordance with the Conditions. Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes (as applicable) may also 
redeemed for taxation reasons if the Issuer would not be entitled to claim a deduction in computing 
taxation liabilities in any Tax Jurisdiction in respect of any payment of interest to be made on the Notes 
on the next payment date due under the Notes or the value of such deduction to the Issuer would be 
materially reduced. In each case, the Issuer may only redeem such Notes (i) if such additional payment or 
inability to claim a tax deduction (as applicable) occurs or the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is 
materially affected as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of any Tax 
Jurisdiction, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
first Tranche of the Notes; and (ii) in the case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Senior Subordinated Notes only if so permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) then in force and subject to the prior consent of the 
Competent Authority if and as applicable (if such permission is required), as further described in 
Condition  7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons). 
Furthermore, if a Capital Disqualification Event occurs as a result of a change (or any pending change 
which the Competent Authority considers sufficiently certain) in Polish law or law of any other relevant 
jurisdiction, Applicable Banking Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation 
thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer may redeem all, and not some only, of 
any Series of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes subject to such redemption being permitted by the Applicable 
Banking Regulations then in force and subject to the prior consent of the Competent Authority if and as 
applicable (if such permission is required), as further described in Condition  7.3 (Early Redemption due 
to Capital Disqualification Event). 
If an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing as a result of a change in Applicable 
Banking Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective 
on or after the Issue Date, Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated 
Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject to such redemption 
being permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Applicable MREL Regulations) then in force, and subject to the prior consent of the Competent Authority 
if and as applicable (if such permission is required), as further described in Condition  7.4 (Early 
Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event). 
In respect of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, the regulatory conditions include the requirement under CRD 
that, if such Notes are to be redeemed during the first five years after the issuance of the relevant Series of 
such Notes, the Issuer must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the event 
triggering such redemption was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issue of the Notes and, in the 
case of an early redemption relating to the tax treatment of the Notes, that the change in tax treatment is 
material and, in the case of an early redemption relating to a Capital Disqualification Event, that such

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
change is sufficiently certain. These foreseeability and materiality conditions to redemption contained in 
CRD only apply to a redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes occurring in the first five years after the 
issue date of the relevant Series of such Notes and, therefore, an issuer of regulatory capital securities, 
such as the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, could opt to redeem such Notes for tax or regulatory reasons after 
such fifth anniversary, including based upon an event that occurred within the first five years of issue. 
There can therefore be no assurances that Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will not be called for tax or 
regulatory reasons prior to any specified optional call date.  
Where the Issuer has the right to redeem Notes, it may be more likely to do so when its cost of borrowing 
is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Under certain circumstances, the Issuer's ability to redeem or repurchase the Notes may be limited. 
The CRD or BRRD, as applicable, prescribes certain conditions for the granting of permission by the 
Competent Authority to a request by the Issuer to redeem or repurchase the Notes prior to their stated 
maturity date. Those conditions include the following: (i) before such redemption the Notes shall be 
replaced with own funds or eligible liabilities of equal or higher quality; (ii) the Issuer shall demonstrate 
to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that following such redemption own funds or eligible 
liabilities of the Issuer exceed the requirements specified in the CRD and/or BRRD by at least the margin 
the Competent Authority considers necessary; or (iii) the Issuer shall demonstrate to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that the partial or full replacement of the Notes constituting the eligible liabilities 
with instruments classified as own funds is necessary to ensure compliance with capital requirements 
applicable to the Issuer. The Issuer may redeem or repurchase the Notes prior to their stated maturity date 
only if such redemption or repurchase is in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and it 
has been granted the approval of or permission from the Competent Authority and any other requirements 
of the Applicable Banking Regulations applicable to such redemptions or repurchases at the time have 
been complied with by the Issuer. The rules under CRD and/or BRRD may be modified from time to time 
after the Issue Date of the Notes.  
Some Notes may be subordinated to most of the Issuer's liabilities. 
If Notes are subordinated or senior non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, and the Issuer is declared 
insolvent and/or a winding up is initiated, claims in respect of such Notes will rank as described in the 
Conditions and the Issuer will be required to pay certain of its other creditors in full before it can make 
any payments on such Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these 
payments to pay amounts due under its subordinated or senior non-preferred Notes. Investors in such 
Notes could therefore lose some or all of their investment should the Issuer become insolvent or should 
the Notes become subject to the exercise of bail in and loss-absorption powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. 
The terms of the Notes contain a no set-off clause. 
The Conditions provide that there is no set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising 
directly or indirectly under or in connection with any Note against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer 
has or may have or acquire against any Noteholder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising. As a result 
Noteholders would not at any time be entitled to set off the Issuer's obligations under the Notes against 
obligations owed by them to the Issuer. 
Notes may be subject to substitution and modification without Noteholder consent. 
To the extent that Condition  11 (Substitution and Variation) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable to the Notes provisions relating to the substitution or variation of the Notes, in certain 
circumstances, such as if a Capital Disqualification Event, an MREL Disqualification Event, or a 
circumstance giving rise to the right of the Issuer to redeem the Notes for taxation reasons under 
Condition  7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) occurs and is continuing or to ensure the enforceability or 
effectiveness of Condition  20 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), the Issuer may 
substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or modify the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, to ensure that such substituted or

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
varied Notes continue to qualify as Tier 2 Subordinated Notes or towards the Issuer's MREL 
Requirements, as applicable. 
While the Issuer cannot make changes to the terms of the Notes that, in its reasonable opinion, are 
materially less favourable to a Noteholder of such Note, there can be no assurances as to whether any of 
these changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty 
consequences of holding such varied Notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from 
the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the Notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in 
a manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Issuer may, with the consent of the Agent, but, without 
the consent of Noteholders: (i) amend the Conditions of the Notes to correct a manifest error, cure any 
ambiguity or cure, correct or supplement any defective provision contained therein, or (ii) amend the 
Conditions of the Notes in any manner which is not materially prejudicial to the interests of holders of 
such Notes, or (iii) substitute for itself another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of 
the Issuer, as more fully described in Condition  16 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and 
Substitution). 
In addition, certain changes may be made to the interest calculation provisions of the Notes in the 
circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent of the 
Noteholders. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in law. 
The conditions of the Notes are based on applicable law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law, 
Polish law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus, and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
The Issuer's gross-up obligation under the Notes (other than Ordinary Senior Notes) is limited. 
The Issuer's obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of 
taxes under the terms of each Series of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes applies only to payments of interest due and paid 
under such Notes and not to payments of principal (which term, for these purposes, includes any 
premium, final redemption amount, early redemption amount, optional redemption amount and any other 
amount (other than interest) which may from time to time be payable in respect of such Notes). As such, 
the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of any Series of Senior 
MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such 
withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under any Series of such Notes, 
holders of such Notes would, upon repayment or redemption of such Notes, be entitled to receive only the 
net amount of such redemption or repayment proceeds after deduction of the amount required to be 
withheld. Therefore, holders may receive less than the full amount due under such Notes, and the market 
value of such Notes may be adversely affected as a result.  
Risks related to the market generally 
Risks related to suspension, interruption or termination of trading in the Notes. 
The listing of the Notes may, depending on the rules applicable to the relevant stock exchange, be 
suspended or interrupted by the respective stock exchange or a competent regulatory authority for a 
number of reasons, including a violation of price limits, a breach of statutory provisions, the occurrence 
of operational problems involving the stock exchange, or generally if deemed required in order to secure a 
functioning market or to safeguard the interests of investors. Furthermore, trading in the Notes may be

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
terminated either upon the decision of the stock exchange or a regulatory authority or upon application by 
the Issuer. 
Because the global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as 
defined above), investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and 
communication with the Issuer. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more global Notes. Such global Notes 
will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper (as the case may be) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant global Note, 
investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
maintain records of the beneficial interests in the global Notes. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more global Notes, investors will be able to trade their 
beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. While the Notes are 
represented by one or more global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the 
Notes by making payments to the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a global Note must rely on the 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The 
Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, 
beneficial interests in the global Notes. 
Noteholders of beneficial interests in the global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Clearing system risk of discontinuance. 
Secondary market sales of book-entry interests in the global Notes will be conducted in accordance with 
the normal rules and operating procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg are under no obligation to perform or to continue to perform such procedures, 
and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. 
Secondary market sales of interests in the global Notes may be conducted in accordance with the normal 
rules and operating procedures of the domestic clearing system, or interests in the global Notes may be 
transferred to a direct or indirect participant of another clearing system in accordance with the standard 
arrangements for such cross-market transfers. None of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
Clearing System is under any obligation to perform or to continue to perform such procedures, and such 
procedures may be discontinued at any time. 
Any such discontinuance could have a material adverse effect on an investor's holding of Notes or his or 
her ability to resell the Notes in the secondary market. 
The Notes may be delisted, which may materially affect an investor's ability to resell. 
Any Notes that are listed on any listing authority, stock exchange or quotation system may be delisted. If 
any Notes are delisted, the Issuer is obliged to endeavour promptly to obtain an alternative listing. 
Although no assurance is made as to the liquidity of the Notes as a result of listing on any listing 
authority, stock exchange or quotation system, delisting the Notes may have a material adverse effect on a 
Noteholder's ability to resell the Notes in the secondary market.  
Investors who purchase Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the Specified 
Denomination may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes in bearer form which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is 
possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination 
that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case, a holder who, as 
a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in his or her account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive 
a definitive Note in bearer form in respect of such holding (should such Notes be printed) and would need 
to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
If definitive Notes in bearer form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his or her Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he or she will 
be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his or her holding. In 
addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not 
receiving payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the ''Investor's Currency'') other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of 
the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the 
Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. In the event a rating assigned to the Notes and/or the Issuer is lowered for any reason, 
the market value of the Notes may be adversely affected, but no person or entity is obliged to provide any 
additional support or credit enhancement with respect to the Notes. 
In general, regulated investors established in the EU are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from 
using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the 
registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings 
issued by non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-
registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been 
withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA on 
its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the 
relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures 
being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by 
a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of any rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes "forward-looking statements". All statements other than statements of 
historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the Issuer's 
financial position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations, are 
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and 
phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", 
"project", "will" and similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions. 
Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors 
which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results to be materially 
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include, but 
are not limited to, the following: 
 
economic and financial market conditions, in particular, the Polish and European economies; 
 
negative occurrences in the markets in which the Issuer's loan portfolio is concentrated; 
 
negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 
volatility in interest rates; 
 
a downgrade in the Republic of Poland's or the Issuer's credit ratings; 
 
perceived risk of sovereign default in the EU and associated risks relating to the euro; 
 
operational risk; 
 
credit and counterparty risk; 
 
liquidity risk and adverse capital and credit market conditions; 
 
the Issuer's inability to manage risks through derivatives; 
 
the occurrence of catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events; 
 
significant adverse regulatory developments; 
 
an interruption, failure or breach of the Issuer's operational system including the Issuer's IT 
systems and other systems on which it depends; 
 
the ineffectiveness of the Issuer's risk management policies and procedures; and 
 
failure to deliver by third parties to which the Issuer has outsourced certain functions. 
The Issuer's risks are more specifically described under "Risk Factors". If one or more of these risks or 
uncertainties materialise, or if underlying assumptions prove incorrect, the Issuer's actual results, 
performance or achievements or industry results may be materially different from any future results, 
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-
looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer's present and future business 
strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will operate in the future. These forward-looking 
statements speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus (or any supplement hereto) or as of such 
earlier date at which such statements are expressed to be given. The Issuer expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement 
contained herein (or in any supplement) to reflect any change in the Issuer's expectations with regard 
thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The documents set out below that are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are, where 
indicated, free translations into English from the original Polish language documents. To the extent that 
there are any inconsistencies between the originals and the translations, the originals shall prevail. The 
Issuer takes responsibility for such translations. The information set out in the table below shall be 
deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU (the ''2021 Consolidated Financial 
Statements''), audited by Deloitte Audyt spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp. k. 
included in the consolidated annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021, 
which constitute a free translation from the Polish version into the English language and can be 
viewed online at: 
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/documents/10184/30701655/2_MILLENNIUMGROUP_CFS_2
021_EN.pdf/de4efe5c-f8e6-af2e-6bae-39296a657151?t=1645777077143; 
(a) 
consolidated income statement (page 6); 
(b) 
consolidated statement of total comprehensive income (page 7); 
(c) 
consolidated balance sheet (pages 8 to 9); 
(d) 
consolidated statement of changes in equity (page 10); 
(e) 
consolidated cash flow statement (pages 11 to 12); and 
(f) 
notes to the consolidated financial statements (pages 13 to 178 inclusive). 
2. 
the separate independent registered auditor's report on the audit of the 2021 Consolidated 
Financial Statements (pages 1 to 9 inclusive), which constitutes a free translation from the Polish 
version into the English language and can be viewed online at: 
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/documents/10184/30701655/Raport_Audytora_EN.pdf/1047e49
4-0a37-8a0c-eaaf-73ac8649ed72?t=1648808327480; 
3. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU (the ''2020 Consolidated Financial 
Statements'', audited by Deloitte Audyt spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp. k. 
included in the consolidated annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
which constitute a free translation from the Polish version into the English language and can be 
viewed online at:  
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/documents/10184/29578954/2_GRUPAMILLENNIUM_CFS_2
020_EN.pdf/46c7a75a-800e-ac27-fb80-327e8c7285be?t=1645777187850; 
(a) 
consolidated income statement (page 6); 
(b) 
consolidated statement of total comprehensive income (page 7); 
(c) 
consolidated balance sheet (pages 8 to 9); 
(d) 
consolidated statement of changes in equity (page 10); 
(e) 
consolidated cash flow statement (pages 11 to 12); and 
(f) 
explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements (pages 14 to 180 inclusive). 
4. 
the separate independent registered auditor's report on the audit of the 2020 Consolidated 
Financial Statements (pages 1 to 9 inclusive), which constitutes a free translation from the Polish 
version into the English language and can be viewed online at:

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/documents/10184/29578954/6_Report_on_the_Audit_of_the_A
nnual_Consolidated_Financial_Statements.pdf/62044fb5-c8d4-dba7-23c4-
8d95335b0825?t=1645777189703; 
5. 
the Management Board Report on the Activity of Bank Millennium and the Capital Group of 
Bank Millennium in 2021 (pages 1 to 119 inclusive), which constitutes a free translation from 
the Polish version into the English language and can be viewed online at: 
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/documents/10184/30701655/Consolidated-Annual-Report-of-
Bank-Millennium-Group-for-202_pdf.zip/4fbd3cd6-02c9-e07c-3e41-
18f46feababf?t=1645467900517; 
6. 
the Management Board Report on the Activity of Bank Millennium and the Capital Group of 
Bank Millennium in 2020 (pages 1 to 119 inclusive), which constitutes a free translation from 
the Polish version into the English language and can be viewed online at: 
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/documents/10184/29578954/Consolidated-Annual-Report-of-
Bank-Millennium-Group-for-2020-pdf.zip/e19fad70-71b2-4204-a032-
26ee15ded9da?t=1614694096347  
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for the 
investor or covered in another part of the Base Prospectus. Any documents themselves incorporated by 
reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
If the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus itself incorporates any information or 
other documents therein, either expressly or implicitly, such information or other documents will not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the 
registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in 
London. The documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will also be available from the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
For at least ten years from the date of this Base Prospectus, a copy of any document containing the 
information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the Issuer's website at 
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/en/about-the-bank/investor-relations. For the avoidance of doubt, unless 
specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the Issuer's 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
any Notes and which arises during the validity period specified below, prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended in a manner that would make this Base 
Prospectus, as supplemented, inaccurate or misleading, a new Base Prospectus or supplement will be 
prepared. 
If, at any time following the publication of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer shall be required to prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer shall 
prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus as required by Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any 
document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a 
document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified shall 
not, except as so modified, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. For this 
purpose, "valid" means valid for making admissions to trading on a regulated market by or with the 
consent of the Issuer and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus is only required within its 
period of validity between the time when this Base Prospectus is approved and the time when trading on a 
regulated market begins, whichever occurs later.

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and initially be issued in the form of a temporary global 
note (a ''Temporary Global Note'') or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global 
note (a ''Permanent Global Note'' and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a ''Global Note'') 
which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (''NGN'') form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the ''Common Safekeeper'') for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
and 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as 
such recognition depends upon satisfaction of Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper 
for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and 
any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will 
be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has 
been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to 
the Agent. 
On and after the date (the ''Exchange Date'') which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note 
will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the 
Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons 
attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, ''Exchange Event'' means that 
(i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition  10 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing, or 
(ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or 
have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor 
clearing system is available. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition  15 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest 
in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange 
shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and interest coupons 
relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect 
of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or 
interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined herein), the Agent shall arrange that, where a further 
Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at 
a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a 
common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any 
other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single 
Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act, ''Regulation S'') applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition  10 
(Events of Default). In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the 
Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions and 
payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global 
Note, then the Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on the day immediately 
following such day. At the same time, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts 
with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed 
directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the ''Deed of Covenant'') dated 6 April 
2022 and executed by the Issuer.

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
Form of Final Terms for an issue by Bank Millennium S.A. under the €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium 
Term Note Programme.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (''EEA''). For these purposes, a ''retail investor'' 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (''MiFID II'')/;[ or] (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU, (as amended , the ''Insurance Distribution Directive''), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II[; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation]. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the ''EU PRIIPs Regulation'') for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to, be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (''UK''). For these purposes, a ''retail investor'' means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the ''EUWA''); [or] (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the ''FSMA'') and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA [; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA]. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA 
(the ''UK PRIIPs Regulation'') for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification: In connection with Sections 309B of 
the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from 
time to time (the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes as 
["prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)]/[   ].] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (as amended, ''MiFID II'')/MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a ''distributor'') 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (''COBS''), and professional clients, as defined in

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
[European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018/EUWA] (''UK MiFIR''); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the ''UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules'') is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.].] 
FINAL TERMS 
Bank Millennium S.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 259400OFDZ9KPZEO8K78 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
(the ''Conditions'') set forth in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 6 April 2022 [, as supplemented by 
the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] (the ''Base Prospectus'') issued in relation to the €3,000,000,000 Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme of Bank Millennium S.A. which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.]  
The expression ''Prospectus Regulation'' means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended).  
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
and any supplements thereto in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of 
a combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
The 
Base 
Prospectus 
is 
available 
for 
viewing 
at 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/en/about-the-bank/investor-relations, and at the offices of the Paying 
Agents specified in the Base Prospectus. Copies may, upon oral or written request, also be obtained from 
the Paying Agents. 
These Final Terms do not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer or solicitation by 
anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it 
is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation; and no action is being taken to permit an offering of the 
Notes or the distribution of these Final Terms in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is specified for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs, save in respect of the items in Part B, which may be deleted in accordance with the relevant 
footnotes. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[When adding any other final terms or information, consideration should be given as to whether such 
terms or information constitute category 'B' information as indicated in relevant Annex to the Prospectus 
Regulation and consequently trigger the need for an individual drawdown prospectus.] 
[Date]

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
1.
(a) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 21 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
2.
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4.
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5.
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
6.
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7.
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month]]  
(Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have a maturity of 
not less than five years or as otherwise permitted in 
accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations 
in force at the relevant time.) 
8.
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[●] month [EURIBOR/WIBOR/SONIA/SOFR] 
+/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate]

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
[Zero Coupon]
(see paragraph [13]/[14]/[15]/[16] below) 
9.
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed at par on 
the Maturity Date 
10.
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [ 13]]/[ 14] applies and for the period 
from (and including) [date] to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date, paragraph [ 13]/[ 14] applies][Not 
Applicable] 
11.
Put/Call Options: 
Issuer Call pursuant to Condition  7.6 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [See paragraph  2 
below] 
 
 
Investor Put pursuant to Condition  7.7 (Redemption 
at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [See paragraph  3 
below] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12.
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes–Ordinary Senior Notes/ /Senior 
Notes–Senior Non-Preferred Notes/Subordinated 
Notes–Senior Subordinated Notes/Subordinated 
Notes–Tier 2 Subordinated Notes] 
 
(a) 
Senior: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
Status: 
[Ordinary 
Senior 
Notes/Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes]  
 
 
Senior MREL Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Events of Default: 
[Condition  10.1 (Events of Default relating to 
Ordinary Senior Notes) applies] / [Condition  10.3 
(Events of Default relating to Senior MREL Notes, 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes 
or 
Senior 
Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes) applies] 
 
(b) 
Subordinated: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
Status: 
[Senior Subordinated Notes/Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes]

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short, first 
or last, coupon) 
14.
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in  (b) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in  (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
("Specified 
Period" 
and 
"Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates" are alternatives. A "Specified 
Period", rather than "Specified Interest Payment 
Dates", will only be relevant if the Business Day 
Convention is the Floating Rate Convention. 
Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable") 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable]

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[●] 
month 
[EURIBOR]/ 
[WIBOR]/[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[€STR]/[SONIA 
Compounded Index]/[SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
 
Lag Period: 
[5/[●] TARGET Business Days/U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/London 
Banking 
Days/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5/[●] TARGET Business Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days 
/Not Applicable]  
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
 
D: 
[360/365] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
SONIA 
Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
SOFR Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant Decimal Place: 
[ ]/[5/7] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, the Relevant Decimal Place shall be the 
fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA 
Compounded Index and the seventh decimal place 
in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index) 
 
 
Relevant Number: 
[ ]/[5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
EURIBOR)
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph (g)) 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006/2021] ISDA Definitions
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●]
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this 
is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-
free rate) 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[]
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the interest period) 
 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback: 
Lookback: [[  ] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: 
Observation Period Shift: [[  ] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [  ]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout: 
Lockout: [[  ] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days] 
 
 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) 
(See Condition  5 (Interest) for alternatives) 
15.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] [Actual/365] 
16.
Reset Note Provisions:  
Applicable/Not Applicable  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] up to (and including) [] 
 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[±][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[±][●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [[in each case,] subject to adjustment 
in accordance with paragraph  16(p)]  
 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date:  
[●] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable  
 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] / Not Applicable  
 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[●] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph  16(p)]  
 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
Not Applicable / [●] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph  16(p)]  
 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
Not Applicable / [●] [and [●]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with paragraph  16(p)]  
 
(j) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
 
(k) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
Reference Bond Rate / Mid-Swap Rate  
 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single 
Mid-Swap 
Rate]/[Mean 
Mid-Swap 
Rate]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(m) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(n) 
Reference Banks: 
[●] 
 
(o) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(p) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Basis: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(q) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)  
 
(r) 
Reset Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year / The provisions in the Conditions 
apply  
 
(s) 
Reset Determination Time: 
[●]  
 
(t) 
Business Day Convention: 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business 
Day Convention / FRN Convention / Floating Rate 
Convention 
/ 
Eurodollar 
Convention 
/ 
No 
Adjustment  
 
(u) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Determination Agent: 
[●] 
 
(w) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[EURIBOR]/ 
[WIBOR]/ 
[SONIA]/ 
[SOFR]/[€STR]/ 
SONIA 
Compounded 
Index/SOFR Compounded Index 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
1.
Notice periods for Condition  6.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
 
 
Maximum period: [60] days 
2.
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●][Any day falling in the period commencing on 
(and including) [] and ending on ([and 
including/but 
excluding]) 
[the 
[First] 
Reset 
Date]/[the Maturity Date]

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of five 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
3.
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) or 
Put Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, 
as 
well 
as 
any 
other 
notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
4.
MREL Disqualification Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
5.
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Par], [[●] per Calculation Amount] 
6.
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
1.
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event]

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in 
the "Form of the Notes" section in the Base 
Prospectus and the Notes themselves. N.B. The 
exchange upon notice/at any time at the request of 
the Issuer options should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination of the 
Notes in sub-paragraph 5 includes language 
substantially to the following effect: "[€100,000] 
and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof 
up to and including [€199,000]." Furthermore, 
such Specified Denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which is 
to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
2.
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purpose of calculating the amount of 
interest to which sub- paragraph 15(c) relates) 
3.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made]/[No.] 
4.
Waiver of Set-Off: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
5.
Substitution and Variation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
SIGNED on behalf of Bank Millennium S.A.:
By: .............................................................
 
 
By: .............................................................
Duly authorised
Duly authorised

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be 
made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be listed on the [Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange]/[Warsaw Stock Exchange] and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
[Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[Warsaw Stock 
Exchange] with effect from [●].]/[Not applicable.] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be] rated [●] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation 
[●] is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the ''EU 
CRA Regulation''). [As of the date of these Final Terms, [●] appears on the list of registered credit rating 
agencies on the ESMA website www.esma.europa.eu]. [The rating [●] given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[●], which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the ''UK CRA 
Regulation'').]/ [[●] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] 
(the ''UK CRA Regulation'').]/ [[●] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the ''UK CRA Regulation'') and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 2 – CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the CRA Regulation but has applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and 
registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[●] is established in the EEA and has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the ''CRA Regulation''), although notification of the corresponding registration decision has 
not yet been provided by the [relevant competent authority/European Securities and Markets Authority]. 
[As of the date of these Final Terms, [●] appears on the list of registered credit rating agencies on the 
ESMA website www.esma.europa.eu]. [The rating [●] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [●], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] 
(the ''UK CRA Regulation'').]/[[●] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018] (the ''UK CRA Regulation'').]/[[●] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
[EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the ''UK CRA Regulation'') and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 3 – CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and 
registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[●] is established in the EEA and is neither registered nor has it applied for registration under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the ''EU CRA Regulation''). [As of the date of these Final Terms, [●] 
appears on the list of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA website www.esma.europa.eu.] [The 
rating [●] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [●], which is established in the UK and registered under

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the ''UK CRA Regulation'').]/[[●] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the ''UK CRA 
Regulation'').] [[●] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] 
(the ''UK CRA Regulation'') and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 4 – CRA established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the EEA or certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation 
[●] is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] 
(the ''UK CRA Regulation''). As of the date of these Final Terms, [●] appears on the list of registered 
credit rating agencies on the FCA website www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-ratingagencies/registered-
certified-cras. [The rating [●] has given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by 
[●], which is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the ''EU CRA Regulation'').] [[●] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the ''EU CRA Regulation'').] [[●] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the ''UK CRA Regulation'') and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
Option 5 – CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is 
established and registered under the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the UK CRA Regulation 
[●] is not established in the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [●], which is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the ''EU CRA Regulation'')] [and] [[●], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]]. 
Option 6 – CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under the CRA 
Regulation (EU) or the UK CRA Regulation but CRA is certified under the CRA Regulation (EU) 
AND/OR under the UK CRA Regulation 
[●] is not established in the EEA or the UK but is certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended [(the ''EU CRA Regulation'')] [and] [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]. 
Option 7 – CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK nor certified under the EU CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation 
[●] is not established in the EEA or the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the ''EU CRA Regulation'') or Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the ''UK 
CRA Regulation'') and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in either the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.  
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.]  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
business./ [●]./Not Applicable.]]
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
The net proceeds from the issue of Notes will be 
applied by the Issuer for [specify use of proceeds]. 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses related to the 
admission to trading: 
[●]  
[Include breakdown of expenses.] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes/Reset Notes 
only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[●], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
[or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN]/Not Applicable/other]. 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[●], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
[or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN]/Not Applicable/other]. 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable"). 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
(viii) 
Relevant Benchmark(s): 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does 
not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name 
of administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable]  
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra- 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated:  
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm-commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.) 
 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
(i).
Managers and underwriting 
commitments: 
[●] 
 
Date 
of 
subscription 
(ii).
agreement: 
[●] 
 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
(iii).
any): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(v) 
Italian Selling Restriction: 
[No sales into Italy] [Sales into Italy subject to certain 
requirements] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
(vi) 
French Selling Restriction: 
[No sales into France] [Sales into France subject to 
certain requirements] [Not Applicable] 
8. 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Bank confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which (subject to completion by the applicable 
Final Terms) will be endorsed upon each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the 
latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed 
by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such 
definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The 
applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each 
Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to "applicable Final Terms" for a description 
of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the 
relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Bank Millennium S.A. (the ''Issuer'') 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the ''Notes'' shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global note (a ''Global Note''), units of each Specified 
Denomination (as defined below) in the Specified Currency (as defined below); 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the ''Agency 
Agreement'') dated 6 April 2022 and made between the Issuer and Citibank N.A., London Branch as 
issuing and principal paying agent (the ''Agent'', which expression shall include any successor agent) and 
the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the ''Paying Agents'', which expression 
shall include any additional or successor paying agents). The Agent and the Paying Agents are together 
referred to as the ''Agents''.  
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in the Final Terms attached to 
or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the ''Conditions'' and references to 
a numbered ''Condition'' shall be construed accordingly).  
Interest - bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (''Coupons'') and, in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (''Talons'') attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not 
have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The applicable Final Terms will state in particular whether this Note is an Ordinary Senior Note (the 
''Ordinary Senior Note'') or a Senior Non-Preferred Note (the ''Senior Non-Preferred Note'', together 
with the Ordinary Senior Note, the ''Senior Notes'') or a Subordinated Note (the ''Subordinated Note''), 
which may be, in turn, a Senior Subordinated Note (the ''Senior Subordinated Note'') or a Tier 2 
Subordinated Note (the ''Tier 2 Subordinated Note''), each as more fully described in Condition  2 
(Status of the Notes). 
As used herein, ''Tranche'' means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and ''Series'' means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the 
same terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Any reference to ''Noteholders'' or ''holders'' in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any 
reference herein to ''Couponholders'' shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons.

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the ''Deed of Covenant'') 
dated 6 April 2022 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common 
depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (as defined below) and by the Agent on behalf of the Noteholders and the Couponholders at 
its specified office. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are (i) available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Agent or (ii) may be provided by email to a 
Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents and provision of proof of holding 
and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent). If the Notes are to be admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). The Noteholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. 
The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms, shall 
have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, "euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
Any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or other subsidiary 
legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such legislation as 
the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended, superseded or re-enacted. References 
herein to "Terms and Conditions" or "Conditions" are to these Conditions, or a correspondingly numbered 
provision hereof. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
currency (the ''Specified Currency'') and the denominations (the ''Specified Denomination(s)'') 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be 
exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
This Note may be an Ordinary Senior Note, a Senior Non-Preferred Note, a Senior Subordinated 
Note or a Tier 2 Subordinated Note. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes, in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer and 
any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or 
Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, 
in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (''Euroclear'') and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (''Clearstream, Luxembourg''), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in 
the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall 
be treated by the Issuer and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for 
all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal 
amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated 
by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance 
with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and 
"holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Ordinary Senior Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
2.1 
Status of the Ordinary Senior Notes  
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Notes which specify their status as Ordinary Senior 
Notes (including Senior MREL Notes) in the applicable Final Terms constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to Condition  3 (Negative Pledge) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any 
mandatory provisions of law, upon the insolvency of the Issuer as set out in the Polish Act dated 
28 February 2003 Insolvency Law, as may be amended from time to time (the ''Insolvency 
Law'')), such payment obligations rank: 
(a) 
in respect of principal: 
(i) 
junior to: (A) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1 and 2 of the 
Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law; 
and (B) any present and future obligations of the Issuer which are senior to the 
Ordinary Senior Notes in accordance with the Insolvency Law; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Higher Priority 
Liabilities; and 
(iii) 
senior to: (A) accrued but unpaid interest on Senior Higher Priority Liabilities 
as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure; (B) any liabilities of the 
Issuer falling into categories 4 to 10 (inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in 
accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law (including but not 
limited to Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities); and (C) any other present and 
future obligations of the Issuer which rank junior to the Ordinary Senior Notes 
in accordance with the Insolvency Law; 
(b) 
in respect of interest: 
(i) 
junior to: (A) obligations in respect of principal on Senior Higher Priority 
Liabilities; and (B) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1 to 3 
(inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the 
Insolvency Law; and (C) any present and future obligations of the Issuer which 
rank senior to the Ordinary Senior Notes in accordance with the Insolvency 
Law; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other interest on Senior Higher 
Priority Liabilities; and

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
(iii) 
senior to: (A) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 5 to 10 
(inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the 
Insolvency Law (including but not limited to Senior Non-Preferred 
Liabilities); and (B) any other present and future obligations of the Issuer 
which rank junior to the Ordinary Senior Notes in accordance with the 
Insolvency Law. 
2.2 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Notes which specify their status as Senior Non-
Preferred Notes in the applicable Final Terms constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any 
mandatory provision of law, upon the insolvency of the Issuer as set out in the Insolvency Law, 
such payment obligations rank: 
(a) 
junior to: (A) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1 to 5 (inclusive) of the 
Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law; and (B) 
any other present and future obligations of the Issuer which rank senior to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with the Insolvency Law; 
(b) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; and 
(c) 
senior to: (A) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 7 to 10 (inclusive) of 
the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law; and 
(B) any other present and future obligations of the Issuer which rank junior to Senior 
Non-Preferred Liabilities in accordance with the Insolvency Law.  
2.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
(a) 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Notes which specify their status as Senior 
Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes in the applicable Final Terms on 
account of principal constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of 
any mandatory provision of law, upon the insolvency of the Issuer as set out in the 
Insolvency Law, such payment obligations rank: 
(i) 
for so long as the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes constitute Senior Subordinated Liabilities of the Issuer: 
(A) 
junior to (i) liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1 to 6 
(inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 
section 2 of the Insolvency Law (including any Senior Higher Priority 
Liabilities and Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities), and (ii) any other 
obligations which by law rank senior to the Issuer's obligations under 
the relevant Senior Subordinated Notes; 
(B) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) all other claims in respect 
of Senior Subordinated Liabilities, and (ii) any other subordinated 
obligations which by law, rank pari passu with the Issuer's 
obligations under the relevant Senior Subordinated Notes; and 
(C) 
senior to (i) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 8 to 10 
(inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 
section 2 of the Insolvency Law, and (ii) any other obligations of the 
Issuer which, by law, rank junior to the obligations of the Issuer under 
the relevant Senior Subordinated Notes; and 
(ii) 
for so long as the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes constitute either in whole or in part Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes of the Issuer:

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
(A) 
junior to (i) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1 to 7 
(inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 
section 2 of the Insolvency Law, (ii) any other present and future 
obligations of the Issuer which, in accordance with the Insolvency 
Law, rank senior to the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, and (iii) any other 
obligations which, by law, rank senior to the Issuer's obligations 
under the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes; 
(B) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other subordinated 
obligations which, by law and/or by their terms, to the extent 
permitted by Polish law, rank pari passu with the Issuer's obligations 
under the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes; and 
(C) 
senior to (i) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 9 and 
10 of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of 
the Insolvency Law, (ii) any other present or future obligations of the 
Issuer which, in accordance with the Insolvency Law, rank lower than 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, and (iii) any other subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which by law rank junior to the obligations 
of the Issuer under the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
2.4 
No Interest in Insolvency 
No interest shall accrue in respect of the Notes from the date of the declaration of insolvency of 
the Issuer. 
2.5 
MREL 
(a) 
To the extent allowed by the Applicable Banking Regulations, the Senior MREL Notes, 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes may be issued by the Issuer to satisfy the minimum requirements for own funds 
and eligible liabilities (the ''MREL''). 
(b) 
The rights of holders of the Ordinary Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior 
Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes shall be subject to any present or 
future Polish laws or regulations relating to the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms in the Republic of Poland which are or will be 
applicable to such Notes as a result of the operation of such laws or regulations, 
including, without limitation, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in 
the Republic of Poland, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD and (ii) the 
instruments, rules and standards created under the BRRD. In particular, in the event of 
the resolution of the Issuer, the Relevant Resolution Authority may write-down or 
convert the MREL Notes ahead of the Notes which do not constitute MREL Notes. 
2.6 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy or resolution then in effect in the Republic of 
Poland including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, the CRD, the CRR 
Regulation, BRRD, the Creditor Hierarchy Directive, the BGF Act, the Insolvency Law and 
those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy or resolution 
adopted by the BGF or other Competent Authority from time to time and then in effect (whether 
or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are 
applied generally or specifically to the Issuer);  
"BGF" means Bankowy Fundusz Gwarancyjny; 
"BGF Act" means a Polish Act of 10 June 2016 on bank guarantee fund, the deposit guarantee 
scheme and resolution (as amended from time to time);

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 establishing the framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended 
or replaced from time to time; 
"Competent Authority" means the Polish Financial Supervision Authority (Komisja Nadzoru 
Finansowego) or any successor or replacement thereto having primary responsibility for the 
prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (if 
applicable), in any case as determined by the Issuer; 
"CRD" means any of, or any combination of, the CRD Directive, the CRR Regulation, and any 
CRD Implementing Measures; 
"CRD Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to 
time, including, without limitation, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019; 
"CRD Implementing Measures" means any rules implementing the CRD Directive or the CRR 
Regulation which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated 
or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, 
national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Competent Authority 
or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a stand-alone basis) or the 
Group (on a consolidated basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital or the minimum requirement for own funds 
and eligible liabilities, as the case may be, of the Issuer (on a stand-alone basis) or the Group (on 
a consolidated basis); 
"CRR Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, 
as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time; 
"Creditor Hierarchy Directive" means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking 
of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, or any equivalent legislation that 
supersedes or replaces it; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries; 
"MREL Notes" means the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior 
Subordinated Notes which constitute the Issuer’s own funds and eligible liabilities under the 
BGF Act; 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the BGF or any successor to or replacement for the 
BGF and/or any other authority with the ability to exercise any Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers (as defined in Condition 20 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)) 
in relation to the Issuer and/or the Group; 
"Senior Higher Priority Liabilities" means any obligations in respect of principal of the Issuer 
under any Ordinary Senior Notes, any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer referred to in Article 440.2.3 of the Insolvency Law and any other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer having the same ranking in respect of principal as the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Ordinary Senior Notes; 
"Senior MREL Notes" means the Ordinary Senior Notes which are, as at the relevant Issue 
Date, intended to constitute the Issuer's own funds and eligible liabilities under the BGF Act, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities" means any subordinated and unsecured senior non-
preferred obligations of the Issuer referred to in Article 440.2.6 of the Insolvency Law (including 
any Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and any other obligations which, by law, rank pari passu with 
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities;

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
"Senior Subordinated Liabilities" means any subordinated obligation of the Issuer, referred to 
in Article 440.2.7 of the Insolvency Law and any other obligations which, by law, rank pari 
passu with Senior Subordinated Liabilities; and 
"Tier 2 Subordinated Notes" means any subordinated obligations of the Issuer referred to in 
Article 440.2.8 of the Insolvency Law and any other obligations which, by law, rank pari passu 
with the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
3.1 
Negative Pledge 
This Condition  3 is applicable only in relation to the Ordinary Senior Notes. So long as any 
Ordinary Senior Note remains outstanding, the Issuer will not create or have outstanding any 
Encumbrance upon, or with respect to, any of its present or future business, undertaking, assets 
or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant External Indebtedness unless 
the Issuer shall, in the case of the creation of an Encumbrance, before or at the same time, in any 
other case, promptly take any and all action necessary to ensure that such other Encumbrance or 
other arrangement (whether or not it includes the creation of an Encumbrance) is provided as 
shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (which is defined in the Agency Agreement as 
a resolution duly passed by a majority of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast) of holders, 
provided that the above provisions shall not apply to any Encumbrance on or with respect to the 
assets, receivables, remittances or other payment rights of the Issuer which is created pursuant to 
any securitisation or like arrangement in accordance with normal market practice and whereby 
the principal amount of the Relevant External Indebtedness secured by such Encumbrance is 
substantially limited to an amount equal to the proceeds received by the Issuer in exchange for 
the sale, assignment, pledge or other transfer of such assets, receivables, remittances or other 
payment rights. 
3.2 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
"Encumbrance" means any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, assignment, hypothecation, security 
interest, title retention, preferential right or trust arrangement and any other security agreement 
or arrangement; 
"Relevant External Indebtedness" means any Relevant Indebtedness which is payable in or by 
reference to a currency which is not the lawful currency for the time being of Poland; and 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means: (A) any obligation with a maturity greater than one year for 
the payment of borrowed money which is in the form of, represented or evidenced by a note, 
bond, debenture or other security or a similar instrument, which is, or is capable of, being 
quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on a stock exchange or other recognised securities market; or 
(B) any present or future guarantee or indemnity in respect of any of the foregoing. 
4. 
WAIVER OF SET-OFF 
In the case of any Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes 
and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, no Noteholder shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or 
counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such Notes or relative Coupons. If, 
notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any Noteholder receives or recovers any sum or the 
benefit of any sum in respect of any Note or related Coupon by virtue of any such set-off or 
counterclaim, it shall hold the same on trust for the Issuer and shall pay the amount thereof to the 
Issuer or, in the event of the winding up of the Issuer, to the liquidator of the Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition is intended to provide, or shall be 
construed as acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or 
counterclaim or that any such right is or would be available to any Noteholder of any Note but 
for this Condition.

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
5. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate 
Notes or Zero Coupon Notes. 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition  5.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition  5.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on 
Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest 
Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, 
the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day 
Count Fraction and any applicable Determination Date. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on 
any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the 
Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these Conditions, ''Fixed Interest Period'' means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect 
of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount. 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in 
accordance with this Condition  5.1: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
''Accrual Period'') is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) 
divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
''Determination Period'' means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and 
''sub-unit'' means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition  5.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition  5.2 for full information on the manner in which interest is 
calculated on Floating Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any 
Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the 
Business Day Convention, any Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or 
Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the party who will calculate the 
amount of interest due if it is not the Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest 
rates and the Day Count Fraction. Where ISDA Determination applies to the calculation of 
interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date. Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the 
calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Reference 
Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest 
Payment Date, an ''Interest Payment Date'') which falls the number of months 
or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, 
''Interest Period'' means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date) or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an 
Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there 
is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition  5.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (b)(2) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event (1) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (2) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, ''Business Day'' means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre 
(other than the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System (the ''TARGET2 System'')) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day on which TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes (the 
"Rate of Interest") will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination  
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for which 
SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR or any related index is specified as the Reference Rate in 
the relevant Final Terms) determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such 
time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner;  
''Designated Maturity'' means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as 
of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of  (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the 
case of  (iii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either 
case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Issuer will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in 
an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market 
at that time; and  
(B) 
provide such quotations to the Calculation Agent who shall determine 
the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major 
banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, requested

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
and selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, 
that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an 
arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be 
the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin (if any) and the relevant 
ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were 
acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for 
that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the (i) 
if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
("ISDA") and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published by 
ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; (together, the "ISDA 
Definitions") and under which: 
(i) 
references in the ISDA definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest 
Period;  
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date;  
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement 
Date; and 
(E) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
shall be disapplied; and 
(ii) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative 
Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference 
to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition of 
"Temporary Non-Publication– Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by 
"Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate"; 
(iii) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(iv) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(v) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (A) the first day of that Interest Period or (B) 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
(vi) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method is one of the following as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
Compounding with Lookback; 
(B) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
(C) 
Compounding with Lockout; and 
(vii) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, the 
Index Method is Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be 
deemed to be references to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding anything in the ISDA Definitions to the contrary the Agent will have 
no obligation to exercise any discretion (including in determining EURIBOR or the 
fallback rate), and to the extent the ISDA Definitions requires the Agent to exercise any 
such discretion, the Issuer, will provide written direction to the Agent specifying how 
such discretion should be exercised, and the Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely 
on that direction and will be fully protected if it acts in accordance therewith. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (d), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity", "Reset Date", "Overnight Floating Rate Option", 
"Overnight Rate Compounding Method", "Compounding with Lookback", 
"Compounding with Observation Period Shift", "Compounding with Lockout", 
"Averaging with Lookback", "Averaging with Observation Period Shift", 
"Averaging with Lockout", "Compounded Index Floating Rate Option", "Index 
Method" and "Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift" have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
References in the ISDA definitions to: 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date;  
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be disapplied; 
and  
If the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate" in the 
Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to "Calculation Agent 
Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication– 
Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Previous Day's Rate".  
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA  
(i) 
This Condition  5.2(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
"Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA".

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
(ii) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition  5.2(e): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
 
቎ෑ൬1 + ܱܵܰܫܣூ ݔ ݊௜
365
൰−
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
1቏× 365
݀ 
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first London Banking Day to, and including, the last London Banking Day, in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day;

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date 
which is p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the 
number of London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms (or, if 
no such number is so specified, five and shall not be less than five unless 
otherwise agreed with the Agent); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by 
such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms; the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded 
Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any 
London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a 
non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate 
for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
(iii) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest 
Period or Observation Period (as applicable), the Calculation Bank 
determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, 
subject to Condition  5.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent 
Adviser)), be:  
(A) 
the sum of (i) Bank of England's Bank Rate (the ''Bank 
Rate'') prevailing at 5 p.m. (London time) (or, if earlier, 
close of business) on such London Banking Day; plus (ii) the 
mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the 
Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on 
which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only 
of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day, 
either (i), the SONIA reference rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
London Banking Day on which the SONIA reference rate 
was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors); or (ii) if 
this is more recent, the latest rate determined under (A) 
above.  
(iv) 
Subject to Condition  5.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent 
Adviser)), if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this Condition  5.2(e), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have 
been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first 
Interest Period, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(f) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR 
(i) 
This Condition  5.2(f) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
"Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
(ii) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest 
Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition  5.2(f): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded Daily SOFR, which is a compounded average of 
daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific 
formula and other provisions set out in this Condition  5.2(f). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this 
reason, in determining Compounded Daily SOFR in accordance with the specific 
formula and other provisions set forth herein, the Daily SOFR rate for any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that 
are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the number of 
calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, 
but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded Daily SOFR (or the daily 
SOFR used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, 
then the provisions under Condition  5.2(f)(iv) below will apply. 
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) 
and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required 
by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily U.S. dollar secured

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
overnight financing rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) computed in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + ܱܵܨܴ௜ ݔ ݊௜
360
൰−1
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
቏ ݔ 360
݀ 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and 
payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the (i) Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period; or (ii) if applicable, such earlier date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable; 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is so specified, five and shall not be less than five unless otherwise agreed with 
the Agent);

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition  5.2(f)(iv) below, if the rate specified in  (i) above does not 
so appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the 
first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source;  
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
If the Issuer or, in the Issuer's discretion, an Independent Adviser appointed by the 
Issuer for such purpose, determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will 
replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of 
all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In 
connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have 
the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or, in the 
Issuer's discretion, an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer for such purpose 
pursuant to this section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date 
and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection:  
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(ii) 
 will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or the Independent Adviser; 
and  
(iii)  
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or 
any other party.  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded Daily SOFR, as such term is defined 
above; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to Compounded Daily SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used 
in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean 
the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer or, in the Issuer's discretion, an Independent Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer for such purpose as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or any such Independent Adviser as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for the applicable corresponding tenor giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and 
(B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer or, in the Issuer's discretion, an 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer for such purpose as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) 
that the Issuer or any Independent Adviser, as applicable, decides may be appropriate to 
reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or such Independent Adviser decides 
that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if 
the Issuer or such Independent Adviser determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is 
reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof):  
(i) 
in the case of clause  (i) or  (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component); or  
(ii) 
in the case of clause  (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank 
for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such 
component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, 
which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no 
longer representative; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate 
derivatives published from time to time; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event 
with respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded Daily SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not Compounded Daily SOFR, the scheduled or customary time for

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
publication of the relevant Benchmark in accordance with the then-prevailing 
operational procedures of the administrator of such Benchmark or, as the case may be, 
of the other relevant information service publishing such Benchmark, on, the relevant 
Interest Determination Date;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor 
thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(i) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
determined under Condition  5.2(f)(iv) below will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition  15 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take 
effect.  
(iv) 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the 
Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) 
the relevant Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition  5.2(f); and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
and/or 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Adjustment. 
(C) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition  5.2(f), the Rate of Interest shall 
be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to 
the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(g) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR  
(i) 
This Condition  5.2(g) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
"Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "€STR". 
(ii) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each 
Interest Determination Date.  
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition  5.2(g): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at 
the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR௜ × ݊௜
D
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቏× D
݀ 
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Business Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET Business Day 
as provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, 
if no longer published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors) on the TARGET Business Day immediately following such TARGET 
Business Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, 
the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the 
successor administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the TARGET Business Day falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior 
to the relevant TARGET Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Business Day "i". 
"i"  
is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant 
TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Business Day in:

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to, and including, the last TARGET Business Day in such period; 
"ni" for any TARGET Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
TARGET Business Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Business Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period (and the final Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling "p" TARGET Business 
Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period or (B) if applicable, such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number 
of TARGET Business Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift 
Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such number is specified, five 
TARGET Business Days and shall not be less than five unless otherwise agreed with the 
Agent). 
"TARGET Business Day" means any day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(i) 
Subject to Condition  5.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), 
if, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to 
Condition  5.2(g)(ii) above, in respect of any TARGET Business Day in respect 
of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such 
€STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the 
€STR reference rate in respect of such TARGET Business Day shall be the 
€STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET Business Day in respect 
of which €STR reference rate was published by the European Central Bank on 
its website, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition  5.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), 
if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition  5.2(g), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating 
to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(h) 
Interest – SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily 
reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the 
following formula:

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
(ܥ݋݉݌݋ݑ݊݀݁݀ ܫ݊݀݁ݔ ܧ݊݀
ܥ݋݉݌݋ݑ݊݀݁݀ ܫ݊݀݁ݔ ܵݐܽݎݐ−1) × ܰݑ݉݁ݎܽݐ݋ݎ
݀
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as 
determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index" shall means either the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR 
Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
"End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant 
Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or 
such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest 
Period); 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking 
Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the 
case of the SOFR Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the 
fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh 
decimal place in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or 
down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 being rounded 
upwards);  
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise 
specified shall be five; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as 
published at 10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator 
of SONIA) on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor 
source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SOFR rate as published at 
15:00 (New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or 
any successor source; and 
"Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant 
Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of the relevant 
Compounded Index, if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not 
published for the relevant Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, 
then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as 
if Index Determination was not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR had been specified instead in 
the Final Terms, and in each case "Observation Shift" had been specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, and where the Observation Shift 
Period shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant Number specified in the Final 
Terms and where, in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page 
will be determined by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, if a Benchmark Event has

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded Index, the provisions of 
Condition  5.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) shall apply. 
(i) 
Interest – Reset Note Provisions 
(i) 
This Condition  5.2(i) is applicable to the Notes only if the Interest - Reset Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.  
(ii) 
Such Notes shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount of the 
Notes:  
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms until (but excluding) the First Reset Date at 
the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest;  
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate per annum 
equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and  
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per 
annum equal to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest,  
(iii) 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (subject to adjustment as described in Condition  5.1) 
and on the Maturity Date, as applicable. The Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amount payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case 
of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount 
in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in 
Condition  5.1. 
(iv) 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available 
or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 12:00 PM in the 
Relevant Financial Centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset 
Determination Date in question. 
(v) 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period 
shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(vi) 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as 
provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be 
determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in 
the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
shall be the Initial Rate of Interest (though substituting, where a different 
Relevant Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Reset Period, the Relevant Margin relating to the 
relevant Reset Period, in place of the Relevant Margin relating to that last 
preceding Reset Period). 
(vii) 
If Reset Reference Rate Conversion is so specified as being applicable, the 
First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
Interest will be converted from the Original Reset Reference Rate Basis 
specified in the relevant Final Terms to a basis which matches the per annum 
frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant Notes (such 
calculation to be determined by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading 
financial institution selected by it).  
(viii) 
For the purposes of this Condition  5.2(i): 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset 
Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset 
Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date or date of any 
final redemption;  
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and 
subject to this Condition  5.2(i), the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the 
relevant Reset Reference Rate and the First Margin;  
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid 
and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes 
during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency of a fixed-for-floating 
interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction 
(i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the 
relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on 
the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means the rate as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and 
subject to this Condition  5.2(i), either:  
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
rate for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per 
cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate 
quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency:

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Relevant 
Financial Centre of the Currency on such Reset Determination 
Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Original Reset Reference Rate Basis" has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly;  
"Rate of Interest" means in the case of Reset Notes, the Initial Rate of 
Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest, as applicable;  
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none, four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most 
closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer 
on the advice of an investment bank of international repute;  
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date 
(i) the arithmetic average (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination 
Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of all such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reset Period, the rate per 
annum equal to the yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reset Reference Bond, assuming a price for 
the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) 
equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if only one Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotation is received or if no Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received in respect of the 
determination of the Reference Bond Price, the Rate of Interest shall not be 
determined by reference to the Reference Bond Rate and the Rate of Interest 
shall instead be, in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest, the Initial Rate 
of Interest and, in the case of any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date (though substituting, where a 
different Relevant Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period, the Relevant Margin 
relating to the relevant Reset Period, in place of the Relevant Margin relating 
to that last preceding Reset Period);  
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to 
any Reference Government Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, 
the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and 
offered prices for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its principal amount) as at the Reset Determination Time and 
quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government 
Bond Dealer; 
"Relevant Margin" means the First Margin and/or the Subsequent Margin(s), 
as the case may be, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each 
Subsequent Reset Date (as applicable), in each case as adjusted (if so specified

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
in the relevant Final Terms) in accordance with Condition  5 as if the relevant 
Reset Date was an Interest Payment Date; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the 
second Business Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first 
Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the Second Reset 
Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second 
Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period, or in 
each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Time" means in relation to a Reset Determination 
Date, 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on 
such Reset Determination Date or such other time as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Note" means a Note on which interest is calculated at reset rates 
payable in arrear on a fixed date or dates in each year and/or at intervals of 
one, two, three, six or 12 months or at such other date or intervals as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealer(s) (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms); 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as 
the case may be; 
"Reset Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or 
securities issued by the government of the state responsible for issuing the 
Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall deemed to 
be Germany) agreed between the Issuer and the Determination Agent as 
having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant 
Reset Period and that (in the opinion of the Issuer, after consultation with the 
Determination Agent) would be utilised, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a 
maturity comparable to the relevant Reset Period; 
"Reset Reference Rate" means either (i) the Mid-Swap Rate, or (ii) the 
Reference Bond Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the 
Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and 
each successive period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date; and 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent 
Reset Period and subject to this Condition  5.2(i), the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date 
as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the relevant Subsequent 
Margin. 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph  (b) is less than such

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph  (b) is greater than such 
Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Maximum Rate of Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(k) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes the Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating 
Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined 
in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which 
the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any 
further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition  5.2: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap 
year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an 
Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360;

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on 
a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
ൣ360 × ൫Y2 – Y1൯൧ + ൣ30 × ൫M2 – M1൯൧ + ൫D2 – D1൯
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and 
D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
ൣ360 × ൫Y2 – Y1൯൧ + ൣ30 × ൫M2 – M1൯൧ + ൫D2 – D1൯
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
ൣ360 × ൫Y2 – Y1൯൧ + ൣ30 × ൫M2 – M1൯൧ + ൫D2 – D1൯
360
 
where:

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30. 
(l) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable) and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
or Reset Notes (as applicable) are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day 
of each Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable)) and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition  15 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. 
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable). Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) are 
for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition  15 
(Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for general business in London. 
(m) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained, for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition  5.2, by the Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders 
and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the 
Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to 
such provisions.  
(n) 
Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser) 
Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note for which the 
Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR", if a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable) when the Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) for any Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) remains to be determined 
by reference to such Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable), then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate,

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition  5.2(n)(i)) and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition  5.2(n)(ii)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition  5.2(n)(iii)).  
If, notwithstanding the use of reasonable endeavours, the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, or if an Independent Adviser is appointed by the Issuer but fails 
to make any relevant determination specified to be made by it under this 
Condition  5.2(n) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Issuer itself 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) shall be entitled to 
make the relevant determination(s). In such case, remaining references in this 
Condition  5.2(n) to determinations made, or to be made, by the Independent Adviser 
shall be construed accordingly. 
An Independent Adviser appointed shall act in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall 
have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Noteholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition  5.2(n) and the Fiscal Agent will not 
be liable for any loss, liability, cost, charge or expense which may arise as a result 
thereof. 
(i) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that:  
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition  5.2(n)(i)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable) to determine the Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part(s) thereof) for the relevant Interest 
Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition  5.2(n) in the event of a further Benchmark 
Event affecting the Successor Rate; or  
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition  5.2(n) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) and all following Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as 
applicable), 
subject 
to 
the 
subsequent 
operation 
of 
this 
Condition  5.2(n)(i) in the event of a further Benchmark Event 
affecting the Alternative Rate.  
(ii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) (which may be expressed as a specified quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero)) 
and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(iii) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition  5.2(n) and the Independent 
Adviser determines in its discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions 
and/or the Agency Agreement (including, without limitation, amendments to 
the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days, Interest Determination 
Date, or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the 
Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition  5.2(n)(iv), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
relevant Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the 
Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions as the Agent may be required in order to give 
effect to this Condition  5.2(n)). 
(iv) 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (B) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition  5.2(n) 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date 
(as applicable), and in any such case the Issuer does not itself make any such 
determination, as applicable, the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable) applicable to the relevant Interest Period 
or Reset Period (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable) applicable as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as 
applicable). If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference 
Rate or the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable) shall be 
the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period or the Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate applicable to the first Reset Period (as 
applicable). For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this 
Condition  5.2(n) shall apply only to the relevant Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable). Any subsequent Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) may be subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition  5.2(n)).  
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition  5.2(n) 
will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition  15 (Notices), the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Successor Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate 
and, (z) where applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the 
specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition  5.2(n); and  
(B) 
certifying that (1) the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and (2) the intent of the 
drafting of such changes is solely to implement the relevant 
Benchmark Amendments.  
The Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without further enquiry and 
without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
(i) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in 
the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents and the Noteholders.  
(ii) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition  5.2(n), no Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable) will be adopted, 
and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to 
this Condition 5.2(n), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the 
Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of 
the Notes as:  
(A) 
in the case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Senior Subordinated Notes, eligible liabilities and/or loss-absorbing 
capacity of the Issuer and/or the Group; or  
(B) 
in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Subordinated Capital 
of the Issuer and/or the Group,  
(iii) 
or, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, if and to the extent that, in 
the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
result in the Resolution Authority treating a future Interest Payment Date as 
the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date for 
the purposes of qualification as eligible liabilities and/or loss-absorbing 
capacity of the Issuer and/or the Group.  
(iv) 
As used in this Condition  5.2(n): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either 
case, which the Independent Adviser determines is required to be applied to 
the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the 
replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate), the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce 
an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate or Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable); or   
(C) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser 
determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference 
the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable), where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or  
(D) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard 
is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines 
to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable) with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be).

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition  5.2(n) is 
customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the Specified Currency; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in this 
Condition  5.2(n); 
"Benchmark Event" means with respect to the Rate of Interest, any one or 
more of the following: 
(A) 
the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference 
Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will 
be appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it 
has ceased publishing such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate 
or Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to 
do so by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or  
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate 
that such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate 
has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate 
that means that such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate (as applicable) will, by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its 
use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either 
generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate 
(as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate is or will, by a 
specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer 
representative of an underlying market or (ii) the methodology to 
calculate such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference 
Rate has materially changed; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, 
become unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate 
(as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable) or under that Regulation as 
retained in United Kingdom domestic law under the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended, in each case if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark 
Event is a public statement within sub-paragraphs  (B),  (C),  (D), or  (E) above 
and the Specified Future Date in the public statement is more than six months 
after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be 
deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified 
Future Date.

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the 
international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable):  
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired 
by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency 
to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof; and  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is 
the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition  15 (Notices). 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
6.2 
Payments Subject to Fiscal and Other Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition  8 
(Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder,

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition  8 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
6.3 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in Condition  6.1 (Method of payment) above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and 
payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as 
aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum 
due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the "United States" (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
(including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons pertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each 
amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of 
the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition  8 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
would otherwise have become void under Condition  8 (Taxation)) or, if later, five years from the 
date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) pertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons 
will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is 
less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a 
Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest 
remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender 
of the relevant definitive Note. 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between 
any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note 
by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear, or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to 
Euroclear, or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his or her share of each payment 
so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in 
the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. 
dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition  9 
(Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of 
presentation; 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, on a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition  7 (Redemption and Purchase); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes;

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition  7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts)) and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition  8 (Taxation). 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
(a) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (which shall be at least 
equal to the Nominal Amount of each Note) specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(b) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will have a maturity as permitted in accordance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
(c) 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have a maturity of not less than five years or as 
otherwise permitted in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the 
relevant time. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition  7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), the Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note or Reset Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note or Reset Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition  15 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at 
their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for 
redemption, if as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the 
Republic of Poland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after an agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes: 
(a) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition  8 (Taxation) and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it; and 
(b) 
in the case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated 
Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes (as applicable), the Issuer is no longer entitled to 
claim a deduction in respect of any payments in computing its taxation liabilities or the 
value of such deduction to the Issuer would be materially reduced or the applicable tax 
treatment of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated 
Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes (as applicable) changes, 
provided that, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that such change is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the Issue Date, and

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
provided, further, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes 
were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days (or such 
other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the Interest 
Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were 
then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders: (A) a certificate 
signed by the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred; (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect 
that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such 
change or amendment; and (C) in the case of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, if required under Applicable 
Banking Regulations, confirmation that the Competent Authority has given its consent to the 
redemption. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition  7.2, the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition  7.2. 
7.3 
Early Redemption due to Capital Disqualification Event 
If, in respect of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only, a Capital Disqualification Event occurs as a 
result of a change (or any pending change which the Competent Authority considers sufficiently 
certain) in Polish law, the law of any other relevant jurisdiction or Applicable Banking 
Regulations becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer may, at its option and 
having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition  15 (Notices), the Noteholders of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), elect to 
redeem in accordance with these Conditions all, but not some only, of the Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes at their principal amount, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption. 
The appropriate notice referred to in this Condition  7.3 is a notice given by the Issuer to the 
Agent and the Noteholders, which notice shall be signed by the Issuer and shall specify: 
(a) 
that a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing; 
(b) 
that the Issuer has obtained the prior written consent of the Competent Authority, 
provided that at the relevant time such consent is required to be given; and 
(c) 
the due date for such redemption, which shall be not less than 30 nor more than 60 days 
after the date on which such notice is validly given. 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make the 
redemption therein specified. 
Redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons pursuant to this Condition  7.3 is 
subject to the prior consent of the Competent Authority if and as required therefor under 
Applicable Banking Regulations and may only take place in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
For the purposes of these Conditions:

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
"Capital Disqualification Event" means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with 
the Competent Authority, that as a result of a change in Polish law or Applicable Banking 
Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective 
on or after the Issue Date (including as a result of the implementation or applicability in Poland 
of CRD on or after the Issue Date) which change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as 
at the Issue Date of such Series, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes is fully excluded or partially excluded from inclusion in the Tier 2 
Subordinated Capital of the Issuer or the Group; 
"CRD" means, taken together, the (i) CRD Directive, (ii) CRR Regulation and (iii) any CRD 
Implementing Measures; 
"Tier 2 Subordinated Capital" means Tier 2 Subordinated Capital as provided under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
7.4 
Early Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event 
If, in the case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes 
where the MREL Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms only, following the MREL Requirement Date, a MREL Disqualification Event has 
occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, at its option and having given not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days' notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition  15 (Notices), the 
Noteholders of the relevant Notes (as applicable) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date for redemption), elect to redeem in accordance with these Conditions all, but not 
some only, of the relevant Notes (as applicable) at their principal amount, together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Upon the expiry of 
such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the relevant Notes (as applicable). 
The appropriate notice referred to in this Condition is a notice given by the Issuer to the Agent 
and the Noteholders, which notice shall be signed by the Issuer and shall specify: 
(a) 
that a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing; 
(b) 
that the Issuer has obtained the prior written consent of the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, provided that at the relevant time such consent is required to be given; and 
(c) 
the due date for such redemption, which shall be not less than 30 nor more than 60 days 
after the date on which such notice is validly given. 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make the 
redemption therein specified. 
Any refusal by the Relevant Resolution Authority to grant its approval as described above will 
not constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes. 
Redemption of Notes pursuant to this Condition  7.4 will be subject to Condition  7.5 
(Restrictions on early redemption). 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and, policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments of the Republic of Poland, and/or of the European 
Parliament or of the Council of the European Union then in effect in the Republic of Poland or 
any other relevant jurisdiction giving effect to MREL or any successor principles then applicable 
to the Issuer and/or the Group, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, 
CRD, the BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to 
MREL or any successor principles then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines 
or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to 
the Issuer and/or the Group);

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
"MREL" means the "minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities" for credit 
institutions under the BRRD, set in accordance with Article 45 of the BRRD (as transposed in 
Poland or any other relevant jurisdiction), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 
23 May 2016, supplementing Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council with regard to regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the 
methodology for setting the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, or any 
successor requirement under the EU legislation and relevant implementing legislation and 
regulation in Poland or any other relevant jurisdiction; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means in respect of the Senior Subordinated Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and Senior MREL Notes, the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of 
any amendment to, or change in, or replacement of, the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of any Applicable MREL Regulations, 
in any such case becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the relevant Series of the Notes, 
the whole or any part of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of such Series at any time is 
not included in, ceases or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution Authority) will 
cease to count towards, the Issuer's or the Group's eligible liabilities and/or loss-absorbing 
capacity (in each case for the purposes of, and in accordance with, the relevant Applicable 
Banking Regulations and provided that such change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer 
as at the Issue Date of such Series); provided that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not 
occur if such whole or part of the outstanding principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes is 
not included in, ceases or (in the opinion of the Issuer) will cease to count towards, such eligible 
liabilities and/or loss-absorbing capacity due to: (a) the remaining maturity of such Notes being 
less than the minimum period prescribed by the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations; or (b) 
any applicable limits on the amount of "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) 
permitted or allowed to meet any MREL Requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group 
being exceeded; 
"MREL Requirement Date" means the time from which the Issuer and/or the Group is obliged 
to meet any MREL Requirements; and 
"MREL Requirements" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group under the Applicable MREL Regulations. 
7.5 
Restrictions on early redemption 
(a) 
The Issuer may redeem in accordance with the terms of these Conditions (and give 
notice thereof to the Noteholders) the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only if such 
redemption is in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and it has been 
granted the approval of or permission from (in the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes) the Competent Authority or (in the case of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority and: 
(i) 
before or at the same time as such redemption or repurchase of any Notes, the 
Issuer replaces such Notes with own funds instruments (or, in the case of the 
Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated 
Notes, eligible liabilities instruments) of an equal or higher quality at terms 
that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority (in 
the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) or the Relevant Resolution Authority 
(in the case of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes) that its own funds and eligible liabilities would, following 
such redemption or repurchase, exceed the requirements (in the case of Senior 
MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes, for 
own funds and eligible liabilities) under CRD and BRRD by a margin that (in 
the case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority, in agreement with the 
Competent Authority, or (in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) the 
Competent Authority, considers necessary; or

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
(iii) 
in the case of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes only, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Relevant Resolution Authority that the partial or full replacement of the 
eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in the CRD for 
continuing authorisation; and 
(iv) 
in the case of redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes before five years after 
the Issue Date of the last Tranche of such Series of Notes if the conditions 
listed in sub-paragraph  (i) or  (ii) above and one of the following conditions are 
met: 
(A) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital 
Disqualification Event, (i) the Competent Authority considers such 
change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to 
the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the Capital 
Disqualification Event was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of 
the issuance of the Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a taxation reason, 
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority 
that the change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series; 
(C) 
before or at the same time as such redemption or repurchase of the 
relevant Notes, the Issuer replaces the Notes with own funds 
instruments of an equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for its income capacity and the Competent Authority has permitted 
that action on the basis of the determination that it would be 
beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional 
circumstances; or 
(D) 
the Notes are repurchased for market-making purposes. 
(b) 
Any refusal by (in the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority 
or (in the case of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority to grant its approval or 
permission as described above will not constitute an event of default under the relevant 
Notes. 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition  7.6 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at 
the option of the Issuer (other than where Condition  7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) applies), 
such option being referred to as an "Issuer Call". The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to any Issuer Call and must be read in conjunction with this Condition  7.6 for full 
information on any Issuer Call. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the 
Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum 
amount of Notes which can be redeemed and the applicable notice periods. 
If an Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition  15 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem all (but not part) of the relevant Series of Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date.

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
In the case of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, 
redemption at the option of the Issuer pursuant to this Condition  7.6 will be subject to the prior 
consent of the Competent Authority if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking 
Regulations and may only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in 
force at the relevant time. 
7.7 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition  7.7 applies to Ordinary Senior Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the 
Maturity Date at the option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an "Investor 
Put". The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be 
read in conjunction with this Condition  7.7 for full information on any Investor Put. In 
particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the 
Optional Redemption Amount and the applicable notice periods. 
If, in respect of the Ordinary Senior Notes, Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition  15 (Notices) not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, 
redeem such Ordinary Senior Note on the Optional Redemption Date or within the time 
period(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Put Period(s)") (in the case of a Put 
Period such notice shall specify an Optional Redemption Date for the Notes) and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note 
is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying 
Agent falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the then 
current form obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or (a "Put Notice") and 
in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition, and the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the 
Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its 
order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder 
of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
may include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or 
any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, or by them to the Agent by 
electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to 
time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition  7.7 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred 
and, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this Condition  7.7 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and 
payable pursuant to Condition  10 (Events of Default). 
7.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition  7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) and Condition  10 (Events of 
Default), each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the 
first Tranche of the Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price of the first Tranche of the Series,

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY)y 
where: 
"RP" means the Reference Price; 
"AY" means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"Y" is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and 
the denominator will be 365). 
7.9 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition  7.5 (Restrictions on early redemption), the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the 
Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons pertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the 
open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the 
Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of the Issuer's 
subsidiaries, if and to the extent permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations at the relevant 
time the Notes to be purchased: (a) comply with any applicable threshold as may be requested or 
required by the Relevant Resolution Authority from time to time; and (b) are purchased in order 
to be surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
Any refusal by (in the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority or (in the 
case of the Senior MREL Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Senior Subordinated 
Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority to grant its approval or permission as described above 
will not constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Notes. 
7.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased for cancellation will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All 
Notes so cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition  7.7 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued 
or resold. 
7.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition  7.1 (Redemption at maturity),  7.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons),  7.3 (Early Redemption due to Capital Disqualification Event) or  7.4 (Early

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event) above or upon its becoming due and repayable 
as provided in Condition  10 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount 
due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as 
provided in Condition  7.8(c) (Early Redemption Amounts) as though the references therein to the 
date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and 
payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition  15 (Notices). 
8. 
TAXATION 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes (whether in respect of interest or, in the case of 
Ordinary Senior Notes only, principal, redemption amount or otherwise) by or on behalf of the 
Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes or duties or charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by 
the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction in the case of Ordinary 
Senior Notes, or interest only, in the case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, as would otherwise have been 
receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of 
any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
held by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; 
(b) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon is presented or surrendered for payment more than 
30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent that the holder 
thereof would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or 
surrendering such Note or Coupon or payment on the last day of such period of 30 
days; or 
(c) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder or any official 
interpretations thereof. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means Poland or any other jurisdiction, or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent 
on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition  15 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Issuer be required 
to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons for, or on account 
of, any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are 
made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition  8 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition  6.3 
(Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to 
Condition  6.3 (Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons). 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
10.1 
Events of Default relating to Ordinary Senior Notes 
This Condition  10.1 is applicable in relation to Ordinary Senior Notes only. 
The following events or circumstances (each an "Event of Default") shall be events of default in 
relation to the Ordinary Senior Notes of any Series, namely: 
(a) 
Non-payment 
The Issuer fails to pay any amount of interest or principal due in respect of the Ordinary 
Senior Notes of the relevant Series or any of them on the due date for payment thereof 
and such default continues for a period of seven days on which banks are open for 
business in Poland; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations 
If the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other material obligations under these 
Conditions in respect of the Ordinary Senior Notes of the relevant Series or the Agency 
Agreement and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no 
continuation or notice as hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues 
for the period of 30 days next following the service by any holder of the Ordinary 
Senior Notes on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
Cross Acceleration 
If any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes 
due and repayable prematurely by reason of any event of default (however described) or 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of 
any Relevant Indebtedness on the due date thereof as extended by any applicable grace 
period or if default is made by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries in making 
any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any 
Relevant Indebtedness of any other person, provided that no such event shall 
constitute an Event of Default unless the Relevant Indebtedness or other relative 
liability either alone or when aggregated with other Relevant Indebtedness and/or other 
liabilities relative to all (if any) other such event which shall have occurred and be 
continuing shall amount to at least €15,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency; 
or 
(d) 
Dissolution 
If any order is made by any competent court or a resolution is passed for the dissolution 
of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, save for, in the case of a Material 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, 
reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent; or 
(e) 
Cessation of Business 
If the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or announces an intention to 
cease to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business, save for (i) in the

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
case of a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent or in other instances; (ii) 
the purposes of a reorganisation of the Issuer and any such Material Subsidiary on 
terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or (iii) as otherwise 
permitted by applicable law; or 
(f) 
Insolvency/Winding up 
If (i) the Issuer is insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, stops, suspends or 
threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of (or of a particular type 
of) its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition 
with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a 
moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or of a 
particular type of) the debts of the Issuer; (ii) proceedings are initiated against any of 
the Issuer's Material Subsidiaries under any applicable bankruptcy, restructuring, 
liquidation, insolvency or composition laws or a receiver or manager under or in respect 
of any such law is appointed in relation to any of the Issuer's Material Subsidiaries or, 
as the case may be, in relation to the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or 
assets of any of them, or any encumbrance takes possession of the whole or 
substantially the whole of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out 
or put in force against the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any 
of them, and (iii) in any case is not discharged within two months; or if any of the 
Issuer's Material Subsidiaries initiates or consents to judicial or other proceedings 
relating to itself under any applicable bankruptcy, restructuring, liquidation, insolvency 
or composition laws or makes a transfer of title or assignment for the benefit of, or 
enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any 
class of its creditors) in relation to any such law or any meeting is convened to consider 
a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class 
of its creditors) under any above law. 
(g) 
Withdrawal of Banking Licence 
If the banking operations of the Issuer are suspended or the Issuer's banking licence is 
withdrawn pursuant to applicable Polish banking law. 
10.2 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
"Auditors" means the auditors from time to time of the Issuer, as the context may require, or, in 
the event of any of them being unable or unwilling to carry out any actions requested of them 
pursuant to these Conditions, means any other firm of certified accountants of international 
standing or repute in Poland nominated by the Issuer; 
"Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Issuer: (a) whose gross revenues 
(consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or whose total assets 
(consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) represent not less than 15 
per cent. of the consolidated gross revenues of the Issuer, or, as the case may be, consolidated 
total assets, of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by 
reference to the then latest audited accounts (consolidated, or, as the case may be, 
unconsolidated) of the Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer 
and its Subsidiaries; or (b) to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the 
undertaking and assets of a Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately before the transfer is a 
Material Subsidiary of the Issuer, all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement. A 
certificate by the Management Board of the Issuer confirming that in their opinion a Subsidiary 
of the Issuer is or is not or was or was not at any particular time a Material Subsidiary of the 
Issuer accompanied by a report of the Auditors addressed to the Issuer (as to proper extraction of 
the figures used by the Management Board of the Issuer in determining the Material Subsidiaries 
of the Issuer and mathematical accuracy of the calculation) shall, in the absence of manifest 
error, be conclusive and binding on all parties.

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
"Subsidiary" means any company or corporation: (A) which is controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the first-mentioned company or corporation; or (B) more than half the issued share capital of 
which is beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by the first-mentioned company or 
corporation; or (C) which is a Subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the first-mentioned company 
or corporation, and, for these purposes, a company or corporation shall be treated as being 
controlled by another if that other company or corporation is able to direct its affairs and/or to 
control the composition of its board of directors or equivalent body. 
10.3 
Events of Default relating to Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
Save as provided below, there are no events of default under the Senior MREL Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, which could 
lead to an acceleration of the relevant Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
However, if an order is made by any competent court commencing insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer or if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the 
winding up or dissolution of the Issuer and such order is continuing, then any Holder of a Note 
may, unless there has been a resolution to the contrary by the Noteholders, by written notice 
addressed by the Noteholder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer and to the Specified 
Office of the Issue and Principal Paying Agent (and addressed to the Issuer), be declared 
immediately due and payable, whereupon the principal amount of such Notes together with any 
accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of payment shall become immediately due and 
payable without further action or formality. 
10.4 
Notices relating to Events of Default 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the principal or any other redemption 
amount of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other outstanding amounts due under or in respect 
of the Notes, the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another 
person, as a result of the exercise of any Polish bail-in power by the Competent Authority with 
respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Polish bail-in power by the Competent Authority 
with respect to the Notes pursuant to Condition  20 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers), will be an Event of Default. 
10.5 
Occurrence of Event of Default 
Subject to Condition  10.3 (Events of Default relating to Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) if any Event of 
Default shall occur and be continuing in relation to any Series, any holder of a Note of the 
relevant Series may, by written notice to the Issuer, at the specified office of the Paying Agent, 
declare that such Note and (if the Note is interest-bearing) all interest then accrued on such Note 
shall be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall become immediately due and 
payable at its early termination amount (which shall be its outstanding principal amount or, if 
such Note is non interest bearing, its Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition  7.8(c) 
(Early Redemption Amounts) or such other redemption amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the applicable Final Terms, together with all 
interest (if any) accrued thereon without presentation, demand, protest or other notice of any 
kind, all of which the Issuer will expressly waive, anything contained in such Notes to the 
contrary notwithstanding, unless, prior thereto, all Events of Default in respect of the Notes of 
the relevant Series shall have been cured. 
11. 
SUBSTITUTION AND VARIATION 
If Substitution and Variation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to the 
Notes and (i) a Capital Disqualification Event, (ii) an MREL Disqualification Event or (iii) a 
circumstance giving rise to the right of the Issuer to redeem the Notes for taxation reasons under 
Condition  7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) occurs and is continuing, or to ensure the 
effectiveness or enforceability of Condition  20 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers), the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes (as the case may be) or

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
modify the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they are substituted for, or varied to, become, or 
remain, Qualifying Notes, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition  15 (Notices) and the Agent (which notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the date for substitution or, as applicable, variation), and subject 
to obtaining the prior consent of the Competent Authority if and as required therefor under 
Applicable Banking Regulations and in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in 
force at the relevant time, provided that in each case 
(a) 
such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to 
redeem the varied or substituted securities; 
(b) 
such variation or substitution would not itself directly lead to a downgrade in any of the 
credit ratings solicited by the Issuer of the Notes as assigned to such Notes by any 
Rating Agency immediately prior to such variation or substitution (unless any such 
downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition  20 
(Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)); and 
(c) 
such variation or substitution is not materially less favourable to Noteholders of the 
relevant Notes (unless any such prejudice is solely attributable to the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition  20 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers)). 
Any refusal by (in the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority or (in the 
case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes) the 
Relevant Resolution Authority to grant its approval as described above will not constitute an 
event of default under the relevant Notes. 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or 
variation shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new 
Conditions of the Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected without any cost or 
charge to the Noteholders. 
Noteholders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing and holding any Notes, be deemed 
to accept the substitution or variation of the terms of such Notes and to grant to the Issuer full 
power and authority to take any action and/or to execute and deliver any document in the name 
and/or on behalf of the Noteholders which is necessary or convenient to complete the 
substitution or variation of the terms of the Notes. 
In these Conditions: 
"Qualifying Notes" means, at any time, any securities denominated in the Specified Currency 
and issued directly by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability 
of Condition  20 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not 
otherwise materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the Notes, provided 
that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate signed by two authorised signatories to that 
effect to the Noteholders not less than five Business Days prior to (x) in the case of a substitution 
of the Notes pursuant to this Condition  11, the issue date of the relevant securities or (y) in the 
case of a variation of the Notes pursuant to this Condition  11, the date such variation becomes 
effective, provided that such securities shall: 
(a) 
(i) in the case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes, if the MREL Requirement Date has occurred, contain terms which 
comply with the then-current requirements for MREL-eligible Notes as embodied in the 
Applicable MREL Regulations, and (ii) in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, 
contain terms which comply with the then-current requirements for their inclusion in 
the Tier 2 Subordinated Capital of the Issuer; and 
(b) 
carry the same rate of interest as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to this Condition  11 (Substitution and Variation); and

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
(c) 
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal amount as the Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition  11 (Substitution 
and Variation); and 
(d) 
have the same date of maturity and the same dates for payment of interest as the Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition  11 (Substitution 
and Variation); and 
(e) 
have at least the same ranking; and 
(f) 
not, immediately following such substitution or variation, be subject to a Capital 
Disqualification Event, an MREL Disqualification Event and/or an early redemption 
right for taxation reasons according to Condition  7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), as 
applicable; and 
(g) 
be listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange as selected by the Issuer, if the 
Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition  11 (Substitution and 
Variation). 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs, taxes, 
duties and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence 
security and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection 
with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any 
other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent, which may be the 
Agent, with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in 
New York City in the circumstances described in Condition  6.5 (General provisions applicable 
to payments). Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will 
be given to the Noteholders promptly in accordance with Condition  15 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent.

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
14. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such 
further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Note to which it pertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition  9 (Prescription). 
15. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and on the Issuer's website 
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/en/about-the-bank/investor-relations and (b) if and for so long 
as the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of, the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's website, www.bourse.lu. It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper will 
be made in the Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg. The 
Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than 
one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the 
holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or 
are admitted to trading by another relevant authority, such notice will be published in such 
manner as may be required by the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day on which the 
said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by 
any holder of a Note to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND SUBSTITUTION 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions (which shall have effect as if incorporated herein) 
for convening (including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) 
meetings of the holders of Notes of any Series to consider any matter affecting their interest, 
including (without limitation) the modification by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement or the Deed of Covenant. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be 
convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any 
such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons or 
the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement (including modifying the date of maturity of the 
Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal 
or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the 
Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at any meeting of the holders of Notes of any Series will be binding on all holders of the 
Notes of such Series, whether or not they are present and/or voting at the meeting, and on all 
holders of Coupons relating to Notes of such Series. 
The Issuer may, with the consent of the Agent, but without the consent of the holders of the 
Notes of any Series or Coupons, agree to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the 
Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree such modifications to the Agency 
Agreement, the Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant as may be required in order to 
give effect to Condition  5.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) in connection 
with effecting any Alternative Reference Rate, Successor Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Amendments referred to in Condition  5.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent 
Adviser)) without the requirement for the consent or sanction of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition  15 (Notices) 
above as soon as practicable thereafter. 
The Issuer, or any previous substituted company, may, at any time, without the consent of the 
holders of the Notes of any Series or Coupons, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the 
Notes, the Coupons and the Talons any company (the "Substitute") that is a Subsidiary of the 
Issuer, provided that no payment in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time 
overdue. The substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the "Deed Poll"), to be substantially in 
the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement as Schedule 8, and may take place only if (i) the 
Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each holder of a Note, Coupon or 
Talon against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge that is imposed on it by, or by 
any authority in or of, the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax 
purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note, Coupon, Talon or the 
Deed of Covenant and that would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, 
as well as against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, 
relating to the substitution, (ii) the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Notes, 
Coupons, Talons and the Deed of Covenant shall be unconditionally guaranteed by the Issuer by 
means of the Deed Poll, (iii) all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and 
done (including the obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Notes, 
Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Substitute and in the case of the Deed Poll of the Issuer have been taken, 
fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect, (iv) the Substitute shall have become party to 
the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an 
original party to it, (v) legal opinions addressed to the holders of Notes shall have been delivered 
to them (care of the Agent) from a lawyer or firm of lawyers with a leading securities practice in 
each jurisdiction referred to in limb (i) above and in England as to the fulfilment of the preceding 
conditions of limb (iii) above and the other matters specified in the Deed Poll and (vi) the Issuer 
shall have given at least 14 days' prior notice of such substitution to the holders of Notes, stating 
that copies or, pending execution, the agreed text of all documents in relation to the substitution 
that are referred to above, or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to holders 
of Notes, shall be available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
References in Condition  10 (Events of Default) to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to 
include obligations under the Deed Poll, and, where the Deed Poll contains a guarantee, the

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
events listed in Condition  10 (Events of Default) shall be deemed to include that guarantee not 
being (or being claimed by the guarantor not to be) in full force and effect. 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the 
Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons are, and shall be, governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law except the provisions of Condition  2 (Status of the Notes) and 
Condition  20 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers) which shall be governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, Polish law. 
19.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their 
existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a "Dispute"), and 
accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any 
Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition  19.2, each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or 
Couponholders taking proceedings in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to 
the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum 
to settle any Dispute. 
19.3 
Appointment of Process Agent  
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Banco Comercial Portugues, S.A., London Representative 
Office at its office at 3rd Floor, 63 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4UA, United Kingdom 
as its agent for service of process, in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any 
Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of Banco Comercial Portugues, S.A., London 
Representative Office being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately 
appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute. 
The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate 
service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by 
law.  
19.4 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction 
of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar 
to those set out above.

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
20. 
ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF BAIL-IN AND LOSS ABSORPTION POWERS 
20.1 
Notwithstanding, and to the exclusion of, any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes 
of this Condition  20, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition 
of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the 
Notes may be subject to the exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent 
Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and 
agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent 
Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) 
may include and result in any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes and/or Coupons; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes and/or Coupons into shares, other securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer or another person, and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder, 
Couponholder of such shares, securities or obligations, including by means of 
an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes and/or 
Coupons (in which case the Noteholder or the Couponholder agrees to accept, 
in lieu of its rights under the Notes and/or Coupons, any such shares, securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or another person); 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or Coupons the Relevant Amounts in respect of 
the Notes;  
(iv) 
amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date(s) on which interest 
becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
and 
(v) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, if necessary, to give effect to the 
exercise of any Polish bail-in power by the Competent Authority and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder (including, for these purposes, each 
holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes): (i) acknowledges, accepts, consents and 
agrees to be bound by the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers as may 
be exercised without any prior notice by the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority of its decision to exercise such power with respect to such Notes; 
and (ii) shall be deemed to have authorised, directed and requested Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, any accountholder in Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or other intermediary through which it holds such Notes to take any and 
all necessary action, if required, to implement the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers with respect to such Notes as it may be exercised, without any 
further action or direction on the part of such Noteholder or any Agent. 
(c) 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent 
Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer 
will provide a written notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition  15 
(Notices) as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Agents for 
information purposes. Each Noteholder acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees 
that any delay or failure by the Issuer to notify the Noteholders under this paragraph 
shall not affect (or be deemed to operate to affect) the validity and enforceability of the 
exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent Authority and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority.

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
(d) 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the principal or any other 
redemption amount of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other outstanding amounts 
due under or in respect of the Notes, the conversion thereof into another security or 
obligation of the Issuer or another person or the variation of the terms of the Notes, as a 
result of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent 
Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the 
exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent Authority and/or 
the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes pursuant to this 
Condition  20, will be an Event of Default. 
In these Conditions: 
"Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers" means any loss absorption, write-down, conversion, 
transfer, modification, suspension or similar or resolution-related power existing from time to 
time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in 
effect in the Republic of Poland, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD and (ii) the 
instruments, rules and standards created under the BRRD pursuant to which any obligation of the 
Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a 
temporary period); and 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes. References to such 
amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, 
prior to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent Authority 
and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority.

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for (i) its general corporate 
purposes, or (ii) any other purpose stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER AND OVERVIEW OF THE 
GROUP'S FINANCIAL CONDITION 
Presentation of financial information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Group has 
been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial years ended 
2021 and 2020. Unless indicated otherwise, all financial data of the Group for 2020 is presented on a 
restated basis, as disclosed in the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements. All financial data is disclosed 
on a revised presentation basis, as disclosed in the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
The Group's financial year ends on 31 December and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific 
year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Group's financial statements 
have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU. 
Factors affecting comparability 
The following factors may affect the comparability of the financial results of the Group for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
Change of the accounting policy regarding provisions for future claims related to active CHF Mortgage 
Loans 
In 2021, the Group changed its accounting policy regarding the recognition of provisions for future 
claims related to active CHF Mortgage Loans in the balance sheet. As a result of changes in market 
conditions, such as the growing number of unfavourable court judgments declaring the entire loan 
agreement or certain provisions of the loan agreements invalid, the Group does not expect that all 
contractual cash flows related to these loans will be recovered.  As a result, commencing from 2021, the 
Group allocates provisions for future claims and recognises them as a reduction of the gross carrying 
amount of loans for which a decrease in future cash flows is expected, in accordance International 
Financial Reporting Standard 9 "Financial Instruments". 
Change of the presentation of interest on derivatives not covered by formal hedge accounting  
The Group changed the presentation of interest on derivatives not covered by formal hedge accounting. 
According to the Group's verified assessment, these revenues, even though they are related with 
instruments included in the trading portfolio constitute interest income and should be an element of the 
interest margin, not one of the components of the financial instrument valuation. The Group, starting from 
2021, presents the interest in the Income statement as part of the "Net interest income", while previously 
this interest was included in the item “Results on financial assets and liabilities held for trading". 
Selected financial information 
In the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group posted a consolidated net loss of PLN 1,331.9 million. In 
the financial year ended 31 December 2020 the Group had a net profit of PLN 22.8 million. The costs 
related to CHF Mortgage Loans, such as provisions related to legal risk and costs of converting the CHF 
Mortgage Loans into PLN-denominated loans were the main factors affecting the Group’s financial 
results in 2021. Following an adjustment for these costs, the Group would have a net profit of PLN 
1,098.3 million in 2021, compared to PLN 695.5 million in 2020. 
The Group’s total operating income in 2021 was PLN 3,558.1 million, compared with PLN 3,577.8 
million in FY20, which represents a drop of 0.5 per cent. Total operating income is calculated as the sum 
of net interest income, net fee and commission income, dividend income, net trading income, other 
income, other operating income and other operating expenses. Other income comprises gains or losses on 
derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value through profit or loss and gains 
or losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss related to equity 
instruments and debt securities (without loans and advances). 
Core income, defined as a combination of net interest and net commission income, was PLN 3,543.8 
million in 2021, a 6.4 per cent increase as compared to 2020.  Net interest income in 2021 reached PLN 
2,713.1 million and increased by 5.0 per cent as compared to 2020. The three reference rate increases by

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
Monetary Policy Council in October, November and December 2021 (base rate increased from 0.1 per 
cent. to 1.75 per cent. i.e. by 165 basis points) strongly supported the Group’s results in 2021, partly 
offsetting the negative impact of reference rates cuts in 2020. 
The net interest margin (over average interest earning assets) in 2021 reached 2.70 per cent. and was 9 
basis points higher compared with 2020. 
Net commission income in 2021 amounted to PLN 830.6 million, a 11.3 per cent. growth as compared 
with 2020. The main source of the improvement was the growing commissions from banking transactions 
(accounts, loans and cards) supported by changes in fee levels and fee mix. Fees on mutual funds also 
increased year-on-year. 
Other non-interest income, which comprises foreign exchange results, results on financial assets and 
liabilities (without an interest margin on derivatives and fair value adjustment on credit portfolios) and net 
other operating income and costs, amounted to PLN 14.4 million in 2021 and decreased strongly 
compared with the previous year. The negative items were the costs relating to the CHF Mortgage Loans 
and the costs associated with a court decision recognising a claim against the Bank of PLN 103 million. 
On the other hand, in 2021 other operating income was supported by some compensation of provisions 
for a foreign currency mortgage book, resulting from indemnity and guarantee payments concerning the 
CHF Mortgage Loans originated by Euro Bank, and the positive valuation of shares held by the Bank in 
VISA Inc. 
Total operating costs defined as administrative expenses and depreciation amounted to PLN 1,642.3 
million in 2021, a 6.3 per cent. decrease compared to 2020. 
The cost-to-income ratio for 2021 was 46.2 per cent. and was lower by 2.8 percentage points as compared 
to 2020. Adjusted cost-to-income ratio, i.e. without costs related to CHF Mortgage Loans and 
extraordinary items was 42.2 per cent. in 2021 and was 3.6 percentage points lower compared to 2020. 
Total cost of risk, which includes net impairment provisions, fair value adjustment and result on 
modifications, borne by the Group in 2021 was PLN 299.0 million and was 51.9 per cent. lower than in 
2020. Increased provisions were a result of additional provisions for risk related to the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic as well as changes in the risk model in the retail segment. In relative terms, the cost 
of risk (i.e. net charges to average gross loans) for 2021 reached 37 basis points compared to 83 basis 
points in 2020. 
The Group’s assets as at 31 December 2021 were PLN 103,913.9 million and were higher by 7 per cent. 
compared to 31 December 2020. The Group’s total net loans reached PLN 78,603.3 million as at 31 
December 2021 and grew by 7 per cent. year-on-year. CHF Mortgage Loans net of provisions decreased 
by 28 per cent. during 2021 and the share of the CHF Mortgage Loans (excluding the loans originated by 
Euro Bank) in total gross loans decreased to 11.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 from 17 per cent. as at 
31 December 2020.  
The value of debt securities held by the Group reached PLN 18,220.0 million at the end of December 
2021, was 4 per cent. lower than the year before. The decrease of debt securities portfolio was a 
consequence of assets/liabilities and interest margin management policy and was correlated with the 
changes of loans and deposits. 
As at 31 December 2021 liabilities accounted for 93.6 per cent., while equity for the remaining 6.4 per 
cent of the Group’s total liabilities and equity capital (PLN 103,913.9 million). 
Customer deposits constituted the main item within liabilities, with an amount of PLN 91,447.5 million 
on 31 December 2021. Customer deposits constituted the main source of financing of Group’s activities 
and incorporated primarily, customers’ funds in current and saving accounts  
Financial liabilities valued at fair value through profit and loss account and derivative instruments 
included, primarily, negative valuation of derivatives for trading or hedging and liabilities resulting from 
securities subject to short sale and as at 31 December 2021 amounted to PLN 758.0 million, a 17 per cent. 
decrease compared to 31 December 2020, mainly due to decreasing negative valuation of hedging 
derivatives.

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
The value of provisions as on 31 December 2021 was PLN 595.5 million and increased by PLN 436.9 
million or 275 per cent. as compared to 31 December 2020.  The reason for the increase was the creation 
of new provisions for legal issues, especially claims related to CHF Mortgage Loans.  
The value of senior securities issued by the Group was PLN 39.6 million on 31 December 2021, a 93 per 
cent. decrease as compared to 31 December 2020. The decrease was the result of the lower outstanding 
amount of bonds and other debt securities issued by the Bank, repurchase of bonds issued by Euro Bank 
and repurchase of securities issued by Millennium Leasing. 
As at 31 December 2021 the value of the Group’s subordinated debt was PLN 1,541.1 million on 31 
December 2021.  
As at 31 December 2021, the equity capital of the Group was PLN 6,697.2 million. 
 
1 January 2021 – 31 
December 2021 
1 January 2020 – 
31 December 2020 
 
(PLN thousand) 
Interest income and other of similar nature .................................. 
2,842,093 
3,126,579 
Fee and commission income ....................................................... 
1,012,250 
947,414 
Profit (loss) before income tax .................................................... 
(1,000,943) 
210,935 
Profit (loss) after taxes 
(1,331,866) 
22,817 
Total comprehensive income of the period 
(2,390,356) 
152,581 
Net cash flows from operating activities 
2,787,342 
(3,137,601) 
Net cash flows from investing activities 
(556,582) 
2,035,786 
Net cash flows from financing activities 
(444,950) 
(1,064,540) 
Net cash flows, total 
1,785,810 
(2,166,355) 
Earnings (losses) per ordinary share 
(1.10) 
0.02 
Diluted earnings (losses) per ordinary share 
(1.10) 
0.02 
Total Assets 
103,913,908 
97,322,785 
Liabilities to banks and other monetary institutions 
539,408 
1,057,652 
Liabilities to customers 
91,447,515 
81,510,540 
Equity 
6,697,246 
9,090,976 
Share capital 
1,213,117 
1,213,117 
Number of shares (pcs.) 
1,213,116,777 
1,213,116,777 
Book value per share  
5.52 
7.49 
Diluted book value per share  
5.52 
7.49 
Total Capital Ratio (TCR) 
17.06% 
19.49% 
Pledged or paid dividend per share 
- 
- 
Group financial information for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 
Consolidated income statement 
 
1 January 2021 – 31 
December 2021 
1 January 2020 – 
31 December 2020 
 
(PLN thousand) 
Net interest income...................................................................
2,713,143
2,583,060
Interest income and other of similar nature ................... 
2,842,093 
3,126,579 
Income calculated using the effective interest 
method ......................................................... 
2,778,204 
3,018,124 
Interest income from financial assets 
at amortised cost ............................ 
2,620,651 
2,704,672 
Interest income from financial assets 
at fair value through other 
comprehensive income .................. 
157,553 
313,452 
Income of similar nature to interest from 
financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss .............................................................. 
63,889 
108,455 
Interest expenses ......................................................... 
(128,950) 
(543,519) 
Net fee and commission income................................................
830,612 
746,056
Fee and commission income ........................................ 
1,012,250 
947,414 
Fee and commission expenses ...................................... 
(181,638) 
(201,358) 
Dividend income ........................................................................ 
3,761 
3,678 
Results on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not 
measured at fair value through profit or loss ................................ 
9,669 
128,082

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
1 January 2021 – 31 
December 2021 
1 January 2020 – 
31 December 2020 
 
(PLN thousand) 
Results on financial assets and liabilities held for 
trading........................................................................................ 
(9,296) 
13,436 
Results on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss .................................................................. 
124,538 
38,576 
Result on hedge accounting ......................................................... 
(3,185) 
(10,259) 
Result on exchange differences ................................................... 
(148,999) 
120,521 
Other operating income............................................................... 
317,295 
160,766 
Other operating expenses ............................................................ 
(239,510) 
(249,060) 
Administrative expenses ............................................................. 
(1,440,706) 
(1,542,379) 
Impairment losses on financial assets .......................................... 
(318,391) 
(556,912) 
Impairment losses on non-financial assets ................................... 
(7,672) 
(7,890) 
Provisions for legal risk connected with FX mortgage 
loans .......................................................................................... 
(2,305,157) 
(713,617) 
Result on modification ................................................................ 
(12,839) 
(13,565) 
Depreciation ............................................................................... 
(201,595) 
(210,411) 
Share of the profit of investments in subsidiaries ......................... 
0 
0 
Banking tax ................................................................................ 
(312,611) 
(279,147) 
Profit before income taxes ........................................................
(1,000,943) 
210,935
Corporate income tax .................................................................. 
(330,923) 
(188,118) 
Profit after taxes.......................................................................
(1,331,866) 
22,817
Attributable to: 
 
 
Owners of the parent ................................................................... 
(1,331,866) 
22,817 
Non-controlling interests............................................................. 
0 
0 
Weighted average number of outstanding ordinary shares (pcs.) ... 
1,213,116,777 
1,213,116,777 
Profit (loss) per ordinary share (in PLN) .................................
(1.10) 
0.02 
Consolidated statement of total comprehensive income 
 
 
1 January 2021 – 
31 December 2021 
1 January 2020 – 
31 December 2020 
 
(PLN thousand) 
Result after taxes ......................................................................
(1,331,866) 
22,817
Other comprehensive income items that may be (or were) 
reclassified to profit or loss ......................................................... 
(1,312,027) 
160,748 
Result on debt securities at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ................................................ 
(977,534) 
176,282 
Hedge accounting ........................................................ 
(334,493) 
(15,534) 
Other comprehensive income items that will not be reclassified to 
profit or loss ............................................................................... 
5,249 
(547) 
Actuarial gains (losses) ................................................ 
6,071 
(417) 
Result on equity instruments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ................................................ 
(822) 
(130) 
Total comprehensive income items before taxes.......................
(1,306,778) 
160,201 
Corporate income tax on other comprehensive income items that 
may be (or were) reclassified to profit or loss .............................. 
249,285 
(30,541) 
Corporate income tax on other comprehensive income items that 
will not be reclassified to profit or loss ........................................ 
(997) 
104 
Total comprehensive income items after taxes .........................
(1,058,490) 
129,764
 
 
 
Total comprehensive income for the period
(2,390,356) 
152,581
Attributable to: 
 
 
Owners of the parent ................................................................... 
(2,390,356) 
152,581 
Consolidated balance sheet 
 
 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
 
(PLN thousand) 
ASSETS
 
 
Cash, cash balances at central banks ......................................... 
3,179,736 
1,460,289 
Financial assets held for trading............................................
172,483 
423,846
Derivatives .................................................................. 
85,900 
154,188 
Equity instruments ....................................................... 
145 
245 
Debt securities ............................................................. 
86,438 
269,413

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
 
(PLN thousand) 
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through 
profit or loss, other than loans and advances to customers...
265,903 
251,107 
Equity instruments ....................................................... 
138,404 
200,772 
Debt securities ............................................................. 
127,499 
50,335 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income....................................................................................
17,997,699 
18,642,615 
Equity instruments ....................................................... 
28,727 
29,538 
Debt securities ............................................................. 
17,968,972 
18,613,077 
Loans and advances to customers .......................................... 
78,603,326 
73,639,342 
Mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss ............. 
362,992 
1,615,753 
Value at amortised cost ................................................ 
78,240,334 
72,023,589 
Financial assets at amortised cost other than loans and 
advances to customers ...........................................................
1,076,456 
730,598 
Debt securities ............................................................. 
37,088 
38,818 
Deposits, loans and advances to banks and other monetary 
institutions .................................................................. 
770,531 
625,430 
Reverse sale and repurchase agreements ....................... 
268,837 
66,350 
Derivatives – hedge accounting ................................................ 
14,385 
21,795 
Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates .......... 
0 
0 
Tangible fixed assets ............................................................... 
549,788 
571,813 
Intangible fixed assets .............................................................. 
392,438 
384,781 
Income tax assets ...................................................................
785,750 
665,174
Current income tax assets............................................. 
8,644 
3,883 
Deferred income tax assets ........................................... 
777,106 
661,291 
Other assets ............................................................................. 
857,650 
509,035 
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale
 ............................................................................................... 
18,294 
22,390 
Total assets.............................................................................
103,913,908 
97,322,785
 
 
31 December 2021
31 December 2020
 
(PLN thousand) 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading .........................................
143,016 
168,553
Derivatives .................................................................. 
126,402 
103,775 
Liabilities from short sale of securities ......................... 
16,614 
64,778 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost.......................
93,585,673 
84,915,527
Liabilities to banks and other monetary institutions ....... 
539,408 
1,057,652 
Liabilities to customers ................................................ 
91,447,515 
81,510,540 
Sale and repurchase agreements ................................... 
18,038 
248,566 
Debt securities issued .................................................. 
39,568 
558,560 
Subordinated debt ........................................................ 
1,541,144 
1,540,209 
Derivatives – hedge accounting ................................................... 
614,573 
738,850 
Provisions .................................................................................
595,530 
158,650
Pending legal issues ..................................................... 
551,176 
106,922 
Commitments and guarantees given ............................. 
44,354 
51,728 
Income tax liabilities.................................................................
1,496 
30,843
Current income tax liabilities ...................................................... 
1,496 
30,843 
Deferred income tax liabilities .................................................... 
0 
0 
Other liabilities ........................................................................... 
2,276,374 
2,219,386 
Total liabilities..........................................................................
97,216,662 
88,231,809
EQUITY ...................................................................................
 
 
Share capital ............................................................................... 
1,213,117 
1,213,117 
Own shares................................................................................. 
(21) 
(21) 
Share premium ........................................................................... 
1,147,502 
1,147,502 
Accumulated other comprehensive income .................................. 
(858,622) 
199,857 
Retained earnings ....................................................................... 
5,195,281 
6,530,521 
current profit/loss ........................................................ 
(1,331,866) 
22,817 
other ........................................................................... 
6,527,147 
6,507,704 
Total equity...............................................................................
6,697,246 
9,090,976
Total equity and total liabilities................................................
103,913,908 
97,322,785

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
The Base Prospectus includes certain data which the Issuer considers to constitute alternative 
performance measures ("APMs") for the purposes of the European Securities Markets Authority 
("ESMA") Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures. 
These Alternative Performance Measures are not defined by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. The 
Alternative Performance Measures are not measurements of the Issuer's operating performance under 
IFRS and should not be considered as alternatives to any measures of performance under IFRS or as 
measures of the Issuer's liquidity. 
 
APM 
Definition 
Core income 
The sum of net interest income and net fee and commission income. 
Total operating income 
Total operating income is calculated as the sum of net interest income, 
net fee and commission income, dividend income, net trading income, 
other income, other operating income and other operating expenses. 
Other income comprises gains or losses on derecognition of financial 
assets and liabilities not measured at fair value through profit or loss 
and gains or losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair 
value through profit or loss related to equity instruments and debt 
securities (without loans and advances). 
Total operating income adjusted 
Operating income adjusted for costs of amicable settlements with 
CHF Mortgage Loans borrowers and netting-off of legal risk 
provisions on CHF Mortgage Loans originated by Euro Bank. 
Total operating expenses 
Sum of administrative expenses (both staff and non-staff related) and 
depreciation. 
Total 
operating 
expenses 
without CHF Mortgage Loans 
related costs 
Operating expenses adjusted for legal costs related to CHF Mortgage 
Loans portfolio. 
Net profit reported 
Profit after tax attributable to owners of the parent. 
Net 
profit 
without 
CHF 
Mortgage Loans related costs 
Net profit adjusted for after-tax cost of amicable settlements, legal 
costs related to CHF Mortgage Loan portfolio and legal risk charges 
related to CHF Mortgage Loan portfolio. 
Net profit recurrent 
Net profit without CHF Mortgage Loan portfolio related costs 
adjusted for substantial non-recurrent revenues and costs. 
ROE 
reported 
(Return 
on 
equity) 
Calculated by dividing net profit attributable to owners of the parent 
by the average total equity. The average equity is calculated on the 
basis of the balances as at the end of each of the last five quarters. 
ROE without CHF Mortgage 
Loan related costs 
ROE reported adjusted for after-tax cost of amicable settlements, legal 
costs related to CHF Mortgage Loan portfolio and legal risk charges 
related to CHF Mortgage Loan portfolio. 
ROE recurrent 
ROE without CHF Mortgage Loan portfolio related costs, adjusted for 
substantial non-recurrent revenues and costs. 
ROA 
reported 
(Return 
on 
assets) 
Calculated by dividing net profit attributable to owners of the parent 
by the average total assets. The average total assets are calculated on 
the basis of the balances as at the end of the last five quarters. 
NIM (Net interest margin) 
Calculated by dividing net interest income by average interest earning 
assets. Interest-earning assets are the sum of cash and balances with 
the central bank, loans and advances to banks, debt securities (in all

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
APM 
Definition 
valuation methods) and loans and advances to customers (net; in all 
valuation methods). The average interest-earning assets are calculated 
on the basis of the balances as at the end of the last thirteen months. 
Cost-to-income ratio reported 
(C/I ratio reported) 
Calculated by dividing operating expenses by total operating income. 
Non-performing 
loans 
ratios 
(NPL ratio) 
Calculated by dividing the sum of the gross carrying value of loans 
and advances to customers at amortised cost with impairment (stage 3 
and POCI) and the gross carrying value of loans and advances 
mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss in default by the total 
(gross) loans and advances to customers. 
NPL ratio – corporate portfolio 
Calculated by dividing the sum of the gross carrying value of loans 
and advances to corporate customers at amortised cost with 
impairment (stage 3 and POCI) and the gross carrying value of loans 
and advances to corporate customers mandatorily at fair value through 
profit or loss in default by the total (gross) loans and advances to 
corporate 
customers 
excluding 
reverse 
repo/ 
buy/-sell-back 
transactions. 
NPL ratio –retail portfolio 
Calculated by dividing the sum of the gross carrying value of loans 
and advances to retail customers at amortised cost with impairment 
(stage 3 and POCI) and the gross carrying value of loans and advances 
to retail customers mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss in 
default by the total (gross) loans and advances to retail customers. 
NPL coverage ratio 
Calculated by dividing the sum of accumulated provisions for loans 
and advances to customers at amortised cost with impairment (stage 3 
and POCI) and accumulated provisions for loans and advances to 
customers mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss by a sum of 
the gross carrying value of loans and advances to customers at 
amortised cost with impairment (stage 3 and POCI) and the gross 
carrying value of loans and advances mandatorily at fair value through 
profit or loss in default. 
Cost of risk 
Calculated by dividing the sum of impairment or reversal of 
impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through 
profit or loss and gains or losses on non-trading financial assets 
mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss related to loans and 
advances to customers by the average gross loans and advances to 
customers (the sum of loans and advances to customers recognised in: 
financial assets measured at amortised cost, non-trading financial 
assets mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss and 
financial assets held for trading). The average gross loans and 
advances are calculated on the basis of the balances as at the end of 
the last thirteen months. 
Loan-to-deposit ratio (L/D ratio) 
Calculated by dividing net loans and advances to customers by 
amounts due to customers. Net loans and advances to customers are 
calculated as a sum of loans and advances to customers at amortised 
cost, loans and advances to customers mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss and loans in financial assets held for trading. 
Equity-to-assets 
Calculated by dividing total equity by total assets. 
Liquidity 
Coverage 
Ratio 
(LCR) 
Ratio of the stock of unencumbered high quality liquid assets to net 
liquidity outflows over 30 calendar day liquidity stress scenario.

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
The Issuer believes that the above measures provide useful information to investors for the purposes of 
evaluating the financial condition and results of operations of the Group, the quality of its assets and the 
fundamentals of its business. 
In particular: 
(a) 
the ratios presented by the Issuer are aimed at quantifying certain aspects of the Issuer's business 
and its strengths within the context of the Polish banking system; and 
(b) 
the alternative performance measures, although not required by law in the preparation of 
financial statements, allow for comparisons with other banks, over different periods of time and 
between the Issuer and the average industry standards. 
However, the Issuer's use and method of calculation of APMs may vary from other companies' use and 
calculation of such measures. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
The table below presents selected operating measures for the Group for the periods indicated below. 
 
 
1 January 2021 -  
31 December 2021
1 January 2020 -  
31 December 2020
 
(PLN million, unaudited) 
Core income 
3,543.8 
3,329.1 
Total operating income 
3,558.1 
3,577.8 
Total operating income adjusted  
3,703.3 
3,588.5 
Total operating expenses 
(1,642.3) 
(1,752.8) 
Total operating expenses without CHF Mortgage Loan related costs 
(1,576.6) 
(1,727.5) 
Net profit reported 
(1,331.9) 
22.8 
Net profit without CHF Mortgage Loan related costs 
1,098.3 
695.5 
Net profit recurrent 
1,123.0 
768.1 
Key financial ratios 
 
 
As at and for the 
year ended 
31 December 2021
As at and for the 
year ended  
31 December 2020
 
(per cent., unaudited) 
ROE reported 
(16.3) 
0.3 
ROE without CHF Mortgage Loan costs 
13.4 
7.6 
ROE recurrent 
13.8 
8.4 
ROA reported 
(1.3) 
0.02 
ROA recurrent 
1.1 
0.8 
 
 
 
Net interest margin (NIM) 
2.70 
2.61 
Cost to income ratio reported (C/I ratio reported) 
46.2 
49.0 
Cost to income ratio adjusted (C/I ratio adjusted) 
42.6 
48.1 
Non-performing loans ratios (NPL ratio) 
4.4 
5.0 
NPL ratio – corporate portfolio 
3.9 
5.1 
NPL ratio – retail portfolio 
4.5 
4.9 
NPL coverage ratio 
68.6 
65.7 
Cost of risk 
37.0 
83.0 
Loan-to-deposit ratio (L/D ratio) 
86.0 
90.3 
Equity-to-assets 
6.4 
9.3 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
150.0 
161.0

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
Overview 
The Group operates in Poland and provides retail, corporate and investment banking as well as other 
financial services. Based on the financial information for the year ended 31 December 2021 published by 
Polish banks, the Group was Poland's seventh banking group in terms of total equity, seventh in terms of 
net loans and seventh banking group in terms of total assets and deposits. Based on the Management's 
Board assessment, the Group had approximately 2,7 million active customers in Poland as at 31 
December 2021. In 2021, the Group generated a consolidated net loss of PLN 1,332 million. As at 31 
December 2021, the Group's total assets were PLN 103,914 million. 
The Bank has a broad offering of universal banking products and services for retail clients, affluent 
individuals and private banking clients. The Group's clients have access to a wide range of personal 
accounts and savings and investment products. The Group also offers various lending products, including 
cash loans, overdrafts and mortgage loans. 
The Group's offering for corporate clients is focused on providing comprehensive solutions based on the 
advanced technologies to digitise processes. Clients are offered a variety of transactional banking 
products and services as well as a number of business financing products. 
The Bank is a joint-stock company (spółka akcyjna) whose shares are traded on the regulated market of 
the WSE. It is entered in the register of entrepreneurs of the National Court Register under number 
0000010186 and its registered office is in Warsaw at ul. Stanisława Żaryna 2A, 02-593 Warsaw, Poland. 
Its telephone number is +48 22 598 40 40. The principal acts of law governing the Bank's operations are 
the Banking Law and the Commercial Companies Code dated 15 September 2000 (the Commercial 
Companies Code). 
Set out below is the structure of the Group as at 31 December 2021: 
History 
Bank Gdański S.A. ("BG"), one of the Bank's predecessors, was spun off from the National Bank of 
Poland in 1989 as part of the transformation of the Polish economy into a free market economy. The 
second predecessor of the Bank was Bank Inicjatyw Gospodarczych S.A. ("BIG"), one of the first private 
banks established in Poland after 1989. From 1995 to 1997 BIG acquired a majority stake in BG and both 
banks merged in 1997 to create the Bank which was then operating under the name BIG Bank Gdański 
S.A. 
In 2000, BCP became a strategic investor in the Bank and in 2003 the Bank changed its name to Bank 
Millennium S.A. 
00%
98%
100%
100%
entities consolidated applying the full method
subsidiaries
entities va/uated applying equity method
ossociotes
illennium
bank

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
In 2019, the Bank acquired Euro Bank S.A., a Polish subsidiary of Société Générale providing banking 
services to retail clients. The acquisition increased the number of the Bank's clients by 1.4 million, 
increased the Bank's share in the consumer loans segment and strengthened the Bank's presence in 
smaller cities in Poland. 
In 2020, the Bank set up Millennium Bank Hipoteczny S.A. ("MBH"), a specialised mortgage bank 
which is authorised to issue covered bonds. MBH was established to diversify the Group's funding 
sources and lower the overall costs of the Group's funding.  
In 2021, the Management Boards of the Bank and Millennium Dom Maklerski S.A. decided to acquire 
Millennium Dom Maklerski S.A.'s business by the transfer of its operation to the Bank. The purpose of 
this process is to integrate all brokerage services provided by the Group in one entity. 
Ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank has the following ratings: 
 
Fitch 
Category 
Rating 
Outlook 
Issuer default (IDR) 
BBB- 
negative 
National long-term IDR 
A(pol) 
negative 
Short-term 
F-3 
- 
Viability 
bbb- 
- 
Support 
4 
- 
 
Moody's 
Category 
Rating 
Outlook 
Long-term deposit 
Baa1 
Stable 
Short-term deposit 
Prime-2 
- 
Stand-alone BCA 
baa3 
- 
CR rating 
A3/Prime-2 
- 
Strategy and main competitive strengths 
On 6 December 2021, the Bank announced its new strategy for the years 2022-2024 (the "Strategy"). The 
Bank concentrates on responding to growing post-pandemic expectations of customers and shareholders. 
By 2024, the Bank aspires to increase its net profit and return on equity. The improvement of efficiency 
ratios and business growth are to be driven by a continued increase in the number of active customers as 
well as enhancements to cost-effective and scalable operational platform. 
The strategy assumes a solid business growth, leading to growing profitability, incorporating customers' 
preferences changed or intensified by COVID-19. The new mid-term strategic goals are grouped into 
three development pillars: 
1. 
Strong growth in the number of active customers 
The Bank is planning further significant increase in the number of active customers Due to the 
growing customer base and digital focus, the Bank's goal is that: 
 
90 per cent. of active customers will be using digital channels; 
 
99 per cent. of all transactions will be executed digitally and remotely; 
 
80 per cent. of several main product sales to be fully or partly digital/self-service; 
 
it will maintain the leading position in net promoter score, offering customers the 
service level they expect - convenience of transactions and simple sales, as well as the 
high quality services supported by advice during the onboarding of customers and with 
complex transactions (e.g. selling mortgage loans).

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
2. 
Strong, selective growth of the entire business, supported by innovative solutions, aiming to 
match the Bank's customers` needs 
The Bank plans to further digitise sales and service model by taking advantage of COVID-19-
induced shift in customer preferences by developing digital capabilities across the Bank to 
exceed clients' expectations (in daily banking, consumer finance, mortgage, family banking, 
bancassurance, investments). The Bank plans to sell its less complicated products and provide 
customer service through mobile banking. In its branches the Bank will focus on onboarding its 
customers to mobile banking, selling products which require more support from the Bank's 
employee and on the acquisition of new customers. The Bank also wants to focus on stronger 
personalisation of its products and services. 
To improve the customer's experience in retail banking the Bank plans to improve and accelerate 
its services in the field of its mortgage loan services and cash loan services by providing 
customers with a new end-to-end digital and hybrid processes. The Bank plans to offer its 
customers new compelling self-service digital tools and remote services such as mobile savings 
investments. For its microbusiness clients, the Bank plans to develop a new solution for self-
service loans for customers and provide them with new services related to the registration of 
their companies and daily banking. For corporate banking customers, the Bank will focus on 
supporting clients actively in their investment programmes such as within projects focusing on 
green transformation supported by Poland's public programmes. 
3. 
Increase of profitability and efficiency 
The Bank aims to significantly increase its profitability and efficiency. Since all the Bank's 
business segments are expected to grow by more than ten per cent. annually, the Bank plans on 
taking advantage of this expected market growth and the new environment of higher interest 
rates. 
4. 
Reduction of portfolio of CHF Mortgage Loans 
The Bank intends to decrease its exposure under the CHF Mortgage Loans from 14.6 per cent. of 
the total loan book as at 31 December 2021 to 7 per cent. of the total loan book as at 31 
December 2024. The Bank intends to achieve this goal mainly through amicable settlements 
with the Bank’s clients. 
5. 
ESG ambitions 
Several years ago the Bank decided to significantly reduce its involvement in financing the coal 
sector. As a result, involvement in the extraction of coal and hydrocarbons within the portfolio is 
close to zero, and industries directly related to extraction are marginal today as at the end of the 
third quarter of 2021 the Group's exposure accounted for 0.96 per cent. of the corporate portfolio 
and 0.27 per cent. of the entire portfolio of the Group. In 2022, the Bank is planning to reduce its 
own CO2 emissions by 50 per cent. compared with those in 2020 to achieve climate neutrality in 
the area of its own emissions (at levels 1 and 2) by 2027, and full neutrality (level 3) by 2050. 
The Bank has been actively involved in supporting environmental protection for many years, 
including the financing energy-saving projects, and the Group does not provide financing for 
new coal mines or projects in the coal energy sector, other than for new projects related to the 
reduction of pollution. The Bank will also actively support corporate clients in undertaking 
decarbonisation activities mainly in developing their investment plans connected with European 
funds' packages, specifically green finance. 
Business 
The Group offers a broad range of retail, corporate and investment banking products and services to 
individual retail customers, small and medium enterprises, and large corporations and public sector 
entities, including local authorities. The Group's operations are divided into the following reporting 
segments: 
 
Retail Customer Segment, which covers business activities targeted at mass-market individual 
customers, affluent individuals, small companies and individual entrepreneurs. This segment 
covers a full offering of banking products and services. Lending products include mortgage

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
loans, cash loans, credit cards, revolving loans and leasing products for entrepreneurs. Deposit 
and savings products comprise current and savings accounts, term deposits, mutual funds and 
structured products. High net worth customers also have access to foreign mutual funds and 
structured bonds. In addition, retail customers can also purchase insurance products. 
 
Corporate Customer Segment includes services to small and medium enterprises, large 
corporations and entities from the public sector. Products offered in this segment include current 
loans, investment loans, current accounts, term deposits, cash management products, treasury 
products and leasing and factoring services. 
 
Treasury, Assets and Liabilities Management ("ALM") and Other, which consist of the treasury 
operations, brokerage services and inter-bank market transactions positions in debt securities not 
assigned to other segments. It also includes other assets and other liabilities, assets and liabilities 
connected with hedging derivatives, liabilities connected with the external funding of the Group 
and deferred income tax assets not assigned to other segments. 
 
FX Mortgage, a new segment separated from the Retail Customer Segment in 2021, includes 
loans with the underlying foreign currency mortgage contract and concerns portfolios of retail 
mortgages originated in the Bank and the former Euro Bank in foreign currencies. 
The table below shows certain segment information for 2021 and 2020: 
 
1 January 2021 – 31 December 2021
 
Retail 
Banking 
Corporate 
Banking 
Treasury, 
ALM and 
Other 
Segments 
excluding 
FX 
Mortgage 
FX 
Mortgage 
Total 
(in PLN thousand) 
Net interest 
income ....................
1,847,076 
335,342
431,001
2,613,419
99,724
2,713,143
Net fee and 
commission 
income, including: 
639,993 
186,389
4,215
830,597
15
830,612
Dividends, other 
income from 
financial 
operations and 
foreign exchange 
profit .......................
111,344 
75,912
20,057
207,313
(355,363)
(148,050)
Result on non-
trading financial 
assets mandatorily 
at fair value 
through profit or 
loss .........................
39,881 
0
84,657
124,538
0
124,538
Other operating 
income and cost .......
(19,673) 
(5,884)
(105,813)
(131,370)
209,155
77,785
Operating 
income 
2,618,621 
591,759
434,117
3,644,497
(46,469)
3,598,028
Staff costs ...............
(645,620) 
(139,811)
(29,891)
(815,322)
0
(815,322)
Administrative 
costs ........................
(429,410) 
(70,042)
(76,257)
(575,709)
(49,675)
(625,384)
Depreciation and 
amortisation ............
(171,352) 
(25,528)
(4,715)
(201,595)
0
(201,595)
Operating 
expenses
(1,246,382) 
(235,381)
(110,863)
(1,592,626)
(49,675)
(1,642,301)
Impairment losses 
on assets ..................
(324,446) 
(1,784)
(7,671)
(333,901)
7,838
(326,063)
Results on 
modification ............
(13,390) 
551
0
(12,839)
0
(12,839)
Provisions for 
legal risk 
connected with FX 
mortgage loans  .......
0 
0
0
0
(2,305,157)
(2,305,157)
Total operating 
1,034,403 
355,145
315,583
1,705,131
(2,393,463)
(688,332)

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
1 January 2021 – 31 December 2021
 
Retail 
Banking 
Corporate 
Banking 
Treasury, 
ALM and 
Other 
Segments 
excluding 
FX 
Mortgage 
FX 
Mortgage 
Total 
(in PLN thousand) 
results 
 
1 January 2021 – 31 December 2020
 
Retail 
Banking 
Corporate 
Banking 
Treasury, 
ALM and 
Other 
Segments 
excluding 
FX 
Mortgage 
FX 
Mortgage 
Total 
(in PLN thousand) 
Net interest 
income ....................
1,534,859 
305,674
642,014
2,482,547
100,513
2,583,060
Net fee and 
commission 
income, including: 
588,674 
154,232
3,915
746,821
(765)
746,056
Dividends, other 
income from 
financial 
operations and 
foreign exchange 
profit .......................
46,478 
68,154
183,467
298,099
(42,641)
255,458
Result on non-
trading financial 
assets mandatorily 
at fair value 
through profit or 
loss .........................
(42,920) 
0
81,496
38,576
0
38,576
Other operating 
income and cost .......
(16,246) 
(8,063)
(100,367)
(124,676)
36,382
(88,294)
Operating 
income
2,110,845 
519,997
810,525
3,441,367
93,489
3,534,856
Staff costs ...............
(685,841) 
(142,216)
(28,273)
(856,330)
0
(856,330)
Administrative 
costs ........................
(509,273) 
(64,414)
(87,072)
(660,759)
(25,290)
(686,049)
Depreciation and 
amortisation ............
(190,088) 
(17,242)
(3,081)
(210,411)
0
(210,411)
Operating 
expenses
(1,385,202) 
(223,872)
(118,426)
(1,727,500)
(25,290)
(1,752,790)
Impairment losses 
on assets ..................
(390,998) 
(124,912)
(7,846)
(523,756)
(41,046)
(564,802)
Results on 
modification ............
(15,487) 
1,922
0
(13,565)
0
(13,565)
Provisions for 
legal risk 
connected with FX 
mortgage loans  .......
0 
0
0
0
(713,617)
(713,617)
Total operating 
results 
319,158 
173,135
684,253
1,176,546
(686,464)
490,082
Retail Banking 
Overview 
Retail banking is a key area for the Group. Retail clients are offered a large range of banking products, 
including personal accounts, savings and investment products and loans. The retail banking area is split 
into two segments: individual clients and business clients.

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
Individual clients 
Personal accounts 
As at 31 December 2021, the Bank maintained 3.7 million personal accounts, including foreign currency 
accounts. The most popular personal account is the "360 Degrees Account (Konto 360)" which in the 
Bank portfolio exceeded 1.84 million. 
Savings and investment products 
The Bank's deposit products cover a wide range of possibilities, including a variety of deposit accounts 
and term deposits. As at 31 December 2021, aggregate deposits from individuals were PLN 66 billion, a 
6.7 per cent. increase on 2020. As at 31 December 2021, the balance of savings accounts was PLN 29.4 
billion, which represented an 0.5 per cent. decrease on 2020. 
The Bank offers a diverse portfolio of investment products, including products developed by the Bank 
and products of external partners, such as structured products, mutual funds, insurance-linked products 
and debt securities. 
Lending products 
Customers of the retail banking segment have access to a variety of loan products, from credit cards and 
short-term cash loans to mortgage loans. In 2021, the value of the cash loan portfolio decreased by 0.8 per 
cent. compared with 2020 and, as at 31 December 2021, was PLN 12.6 billion net. The Group's mortgage 
loan portfolio grew by 8.2 per cent. to PLN 43.7 billion net as at 31 December 2021. The value of PLN-
denominated mortgage loans originated by the Group loans grew by 29.1 per cent. and was PLN 33.9 
billion net as at 31 December 2021. As at 31 December 2021, the number of credit cards issued by the 
Bank was 485.8 thousand, a 1.9 per cent. increase compared with 2020. Loans advanced to customers of 
the retail banking segment are predominantly denominated in PLN. Only customers whose income is 
denominated in a foreign currency are eligible to apply for a loan denominated in that currency. 
Bancassurance 
The Bank offers its retail customers life and non-life insurance products developed with various insurance 
companies. The main group of bancassurance products are insurance policies related to cash loans and 
mortgage loans. 
Business clients 
Business client offering is addressed to sole traders and companies whose annual revenues do not exceed 
PLN five million. Clients of the business client segment have access to a comprehensive offering of 
traditional banking saving and lending products as well as a leasing offering.  
Corporate Banking 
Corporate Banking is a business line which provides comprehensive financial services to companies with 
annual revenues exceeding PLN 5 million, as well as public sector entities. 
The Bank is focused on creating solutions responding to the needs of a particular client and utilising 
digital solutions which will reduce the time a client has to devote to communicating with the Bank. The 
Bank is also automating various internal processes relating to its Corporate Banking activities. The loans 
advanced to customers of the Corporate Banking line are denominated mostly in PLN. To mitigate the 
risks associated with loans denominated in currencies other than PLN, the Bank decided to advance loans 
denominated in foreign currencies only to companies which have revenues denominated in foreign 
currencies. As at 31 December 2021, the net value of the loan portfolio in the Corporate Banking line was 
PLN 19.1 billion, a 3.6 per cent. increase compared with 31 December 2020. The Corporate Banking line 
also covers factoring services, including recourse and non-recourse factoring, domestic and foreign 
reverse factoring, discounting and confirming bills of exchange. According to the Polish Association of 
Factoring Companies, the Bank has a 7.5 per cent. market share of the Polish market and holds sixth 
position in the ranking of Polish factoring companies.

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
Distribution Network 
The Bank is focusing on developing digital channels, both mobile applications and the internet banking 
systems, with a view for digital channels to become the main distribution channel of the Bank's services 
to retail clients. The Bank also runs an extensive branch network consisting of 655 branches as at 31 
December 2021, a decrease of 47 branches compared with 31 December 2020. As at 31 December 2021, 
the Bank's ATM network comprised 480 machines. 
As at 31 December 2021, the number of the Bank's active digital customers (on-line and mobile) was 2.3 
million, including more than 1.9 million mobile banking users, an increase of 10 per cent. and 16 per 
cent., compared with 31 December 2020. BLIK (Poland's cashless payment system) payments in the 
mobile app were used by over 1.3 million of Bank's customers as at 31 December 2021, an increase of 32 
per cent. compared with 31 December 2020. 
Customers of the Corporate Banking line have access to a dedicated internet banking system and a mobile 
banking app. The Bank is constantly developing its digital banking solutions to make these more efficient 
and easier to use. Corporate customers also have access to 14 corporate centres offering comprehensive 
banking services to corporate clients. 
Capital management 
Capital management covers two areas, capital adequacy management and capital allocation. The goal of 
capital adequacy management is to meet the requirements specified in external regulations and ensure 
solvency in normal and stressed conditions. The purpose of capital allocation is to create value for the 
Bank's shareholders by maximising the return on risk in business activity, taking into account the 
established risk appetite. 
Under the CRR, the Bank has to satisfy the following own-fund requirements: 
 
a Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 per cent.; 
 
a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6 per cent.; and 
 
a total capital ratio of 8 per cent. 
As at 31 December 2021, the minimum capital ratios, taking into account the regulatory requirements and 
Pillar 2 requirements and capital buffers, were: 
 
 
Bank 
Group 
 
(per cent.) 
Tier 1 capital ratio ...............................................................................  
10.86 
10.84 
Total capital ratio ................................................................................  
13.57 
13.54 
The Bank uses an internal ratings-based method to calculate own funds requirements for retail exposures 
to individual customers secured on residential mortgages and for retail revolving exposures. In 
consultation with the relevant regulatory bodies the Bank is implementing the internal ratings-based 
approach for other portfolios, with the exception of portfolios of exposures to central banks and 
governments, institutions and leasing and capital exposures. The Group defines a rating system as all the 
methods, processes, controls, data collection and IT systems that are used for the assessment of credit risk 
and for classification of exposures to a pool with a specified risk level, including the rules on the priority 
of rating models and the rules for overriding rating grades. The ratings are assigned on the basis of three 
models: probability of default, loss given default and exposure at default / balance sheet equivalent. 
The table below presents selected data concerning the capital ratios of the Bank and the Group as at the 
dates indicated below: 
 
 
Bank 
Group 
 
(per cent.) 
 
31 December 
31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
Tier 1 capital ratio 
14.04 
16.15 
13.97 
16.50 
Total capital ratio 
17.17 
19.16 
17.06 
19.49

--- Page 138 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
On 18 November 2021 the BGF informed the Bank of the joint decision of the relevant resolution 
authorities, ie the BGF and the Single Resolution Board, setting out the Group's MREL at 21.41 per cent. 
of the Group's total risk exposure amount and 5.91 per cent. of the Group's total exposure measure. On 31 
March 2022 the BGF informed the Bank about the update of the joint MREL decision, setting the 
Group’s MREL at 20.42 per cent. of the Group’s total risk exposure amount and 5.91 per cent. of the 
Group’s total exposure measure. The Group should meet this requirement on or before 31 December 
2023.  
Borrowings 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had outstanding liabilities, under loans granted to the Group and debt 
securities issued by the members of the Group, of PLN 1,950 million. The table below gives primary 
information on the outstanding debt securities issued by the Group: 
 
Issuer 
Status 
Currency 
Principal 
amount 
Issue  
Date 
Maturity 
Date 
Listing 
The Bank 
Subordinated 
Bonds 
PLN 
700,000,000 
7 December 
2017 
7 December 
2027 
Warsaw 
The Bank 
Subordinated 
Bonds 
PLN 
830,000,000 
30 January 
2019 
30 January 
2029 
Warsaw 
Millennium 
Leasing sp. z 
o.o. 
Senior Bonds 
PLN 
39,450,000 
17 May 
2019 
17 May 
2022 
None 
Related Party Transactions 
The Group entered into a number of related party transactions, including transactions between members 
of the Group and transactions with members of the BCP Group. The tables below show the related party 
transactions entered into by the Group as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020: 
 
Transactions with BCP Group
With the parent 
company 
With other entities 
 
(PLN thousand) 
 
As at or for the year 
ended 
31 December 
As at or for the year 
ended 
31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
Assets
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to banks – accounts and deposits  
611 
1,237 
0 
0 
Financial assets held for trading ................................ 
0 
0 
0 
0 
Hedging derivatives .................................................. 
0 
0 
0 
0 
Other assets .............................................................. 
0 
0 
0 
0 
Liabilities
 
 
 
 
Loans and deposits from banks ................................. 
100 
23,601 
0 
127,903 
Debt securities .......................................................... 
0 
0 
0 
0 
Financial liabilities held for trading ........................... 
159 
333 
0 
0 
Hedging derivatives .................................................. 
0 
0 
0 
0 
Other liabilities ......................................................... 
0 
0 
65 
122 
Income
 
 
 
 
Interest ..................................................................... 
(325) 
(232) 
0 
0 
Commissions ............................................................ 
101 
102 
0 
0 
Financial assets held for trading ................................ 
0 
0 
0 
0 
Expense
 
 
 
 
Interest ..................................................................... 
161 
3 
(190) 
(325) 
Commissions ............................................................ 
0 
0 
0 
0 
Financial assets and liabilities held for trading ........... 
160 
452 
0 
0 
Other net operating expenses..................................... 
5 
13 
0 
0 
Administrative expenses ........................................... 
0 
0 
36 
256

--- Page 139 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
Risk management 
Overview 
The management of risk is one of the key tasks of the Bank's Management Board. It defines the 
framework for business development, profitability and stability, by creating rules that ensure the Group's 
compliance, its internal control best practices and legal requirements and co-ordination of its strategy for 
managing all risks. 
The mission of risk management is to ensure that all types of risks are managed, monitored and controlled 
as required for the risk profile (risk appetite), nature and scale of the Group's operations. One of the key 
principles of risk management is the optimisation of the risk and profitability trade-off. 
The goals of risk management are achieved through implementing the following actions: 
 
developing risk management strategies, credit policy, processes and procedures defining the 
principles for acceptance of the acceptable level of particular types of risk; 
 
increasingly wider implementation of IT tools for identifying, measuring and controlling risk; 
and 
 
increasing awareness of employees regarding their responsibility for proper risk management at 
every level of the Group's organisational structure. 
The function of risk management is centralised for the whole Group and takes into account the need to 
obtain the assumed profitability and to maintain capital sufficient to cover the risk. The risk management 
system uses a broad range of methods both qualitative and quantitative, including advanced mathematical 
and statistical tools and is supported by adequate IT solutions. 
When defining business and profitability targets, the Group takes into account the specified risk 
framework in order to ensure that business structure and growth will respect the risk profile that is 
targeted and that will be reflected in several indicators such as: 
 
loan growth in particular products/segments; 
 
structure of the loan portfolio; 
 
asset quality indicators; 
 
cost of risk; 
 
capital requirements; and 
 
amount and structure of necessary liquidity. 
The risk management and control model at the Group level is based on the following principles: 
 
ensuring the full-scope quantification and parameterisation of various types of risks from the 
perspective of optimising balance sheet and off-balance sheet items to the assumed level of 
profitability of business activity. The main areas of analysis encompass credit risk, market risk, 
liquidity risk and operational risk. Legal and litigation risk also are subject to particular 
attention; 
 
all types of risks are monitored and controlled by reference to the profitability of operations and 
the level of capital necessary to ensure the safety of operations from the point of view of capital 
adequacy. The results of risk measuring are regularly reported as part of the management 
information system; and 
 
the segregation of duties between risk origination, risk management and risk control.

--- Page 140 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
Risk management process 
The diagram below demonstrates the Group's risk management process: 
 
Division of responsibilities 
The division of responsibilities in the risk management area is as follows: 
 
the Bank's Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the compliance of the Group's risk-
taking policy with the Group's strategy and its financial plan. The Supervisory Board's 
Committee for Risk Matters supports the Supervisory Board in performing these tasks by, 
among others, opining on the Group's Risk Strategy and the Group's risk appetite. 
 
the Bank's Management Board is responsible for the effectiveness of the risk management 
system, internal capital estimation process, reviewing the internal capital calculation and 
maintenance process and the internal control systems; 
 
the Credit Committee, the Capital, Assets and Liabilities Committee, and the Liabilities at Risk 
Committee are responsible for the current management of different areas of banking risk – 
within the framework determined by the Management Board; 
 
the Risk Committee and the Processes and Operational Risk Committee are responsible for 
defining the policy and for monitoring and controlling different areas of banking risk – within 
the framework determined by the Management Board; 
 
the Validation Committee is responsible for confirming risk models validation results and 
follow-up in the implementation of the measures defined by the Models Validation Office; 
 
the Sub-Committee for Court Cases is responsible for expressing opinions and taking decisions 
in matters regarding court proceedings, for the cases when the value of the dispute or direct 
effect for assets value as a consequence of a court verdict exceeds PLN 1 million or as result of 
multiple cases of the same nature, excluding cases belonging to the restructuring and recovery 
portfolio of the Bank's receivables managed by the Corporate Recovery Department and Retail 
Restructuring and Debt Collection Department; 
 
the AML Committee is responsible for supervision over anti-money laundering and terrorism 
financing risk management in the Bank, including consistency and compliancy of internal 
regulations, risk assessments, monitoring the fulfilment of regulatory reporting obligations, and 
Risk Appetite Framework 
Risk 
identification 
Risk appetite 
Risk strategy 
Risk monitoring 
Planning and budgeting 
Competitive 
landscape 
Business 
strategy 
Key Objectives 
and budget 
proposal 
Budget control 
ICAAP and ILAAP 
RRP 
Capital 
adequacy 
assessment 
Capital 
planning 
Liquidity 
adequacy 
assessment
Funding plan 
Recovery 
planning 
Resolution 
planning 
Business plan 
Stress testing 
Macroeconomic / geopolitical scenarios 
Permanent monitoring and updating

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
monitoring projects in said area. The AML Committee functions based on Committee by-laws 
outlining its main duties and responsibilities, composition, as well as other operating rules; 
 
the Product Committee is responsible for co-ordinating the Bank's marketing activities aimed at 
strengthening the Bank's competitive position. In particular, the Committee is responsible for the 
development of the Bank's and the Group's product offer by making decisions on implementing, 
improving and withdrawing products and services based on the adopted procedures and policies 
for implementing changes, monitoring them, and making decisions about their price levels; 
 
the Sustainability Committee is responsible for making key decisions on sustainable 
development in the Group, in terms of environmental, social and governance factors. The main 
task of the Committee is recommending the approval of the sustainable development strategy by 
the Bank's Management Board and monitoring and evaluating the activities related to the 
implementation of this strategy; 
 
the Risk Department is responsible for risk management, including identifying, measuring, 
analysing, monitoring and reporting on risk within the Group. The Risk Department also 
prepares risk management policies and procedures as well as providing information and 
proposes courses of action necessary for the Capital, Assets and Liabilities Committee, Risk 
Committee and the Management Board to make decisions concerning risk management; 
 
the Rating Department is mainly responsible for risk rating assignment for corporate clients 
(based on the evaluation of clients' creditworthiness) as well as for rating monitoring and 
potential revision during the period of its validity. Rating the assignment process is independent 
from the credit decision process; 
 
the Corporate Credit Underwriting Department, Mortgage Credit Underwriting Department and 
Consumer Finance Underwriting Department are responsible within the Corporate Customer 
segment and Retail Customer segment, respectively, for the credit decision process, including 
analysing customers' financial situations, preparing credit proposals for the decision-making 
levels and making credit decisions within specified limits; 
 
the Retail Liabilities Monitoring and Collection Department and Retail Liabilities Restructuring 
and Recovery Department have responsibility for monitoring repayment of overdue debts by 
retail customers and their collection; 
 
the Corporate Recovery Department develops specific strategies regarding each debtor from 
recovery portfolio, which aims to maximise timely collection of outstanding debt and minimise 
the risk incurred by the Group. This approach is constantly revised to reflect updated 
information, and the best practices and experiences regarding th collection of overdue debt; 
 
the Treasury Control and Analyses Office has responsibility for monitoring the use of part of the 
Group's limits, including counterparty and stop-loss limits, the Group's FX positions, results of 
active trading, and control of operations of the treasury segment; 
 
the Models Validation Office has responsibility for qualitative and quantitative models analysis 
and validation, independent from the function of models development; development of the 
models validation and monitoring tools; activities connected with issuing opinions on the 
adequacy of the models for the segment for which they were developed; and preparing reports 
for the Validation Committee's needs; 
 
the Anti-Fraud Sub-Unit has responsibility for implementing and monitoring Bank policy 
execution in the scope of fraud risk management in co-operation with others Bank units. The 
Sub-Unit constitutes a competence centre for the anti-fraud process; 
 
the Compliance Department has the responsibility to ensure compliance with legal regulations, 
related regulatory standards, market principles and standards as well as the internal organisation 
regulations and codes of conduct; and 
 
the Legal Department provides legal service for the Bank. The Legal Department, Retail 
Liabilities Restructuring and Recovery Department and Corporate Recovery Department have

--- Page 142 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
responsibility for handling the litigation cases of the Bank, the with support of external legal 
offices and legal experts whenever necessary. 
The Group has developed a comprehensive risk management strategy for the period from 2022 to 2024, 
which is reviewed and updated annually and is approved by the Bank's Management Board and 
Supervisory Board. 
Loan application process 
The Bank provides a broad range of credit products for all clients' segments, ensuring their compliance 
with external and internal regulations, and alignment with the Bank's desired risk tolerance and needs of 
its customers. 
Depending on a client's segment, applications for credit transactions are done remotely through branches 
or assigned bank advisers. 
Credit processes, including the credit decision-making processes, are tailored for the different customer 
segments. Internal regulations define credit processes flow and credit decision-making rules, ensuring the 
separation of functions between origination, rating assignment, credit decision and credit administration. 
All participants of these process are responsible for the end result of a credit transaction. Decisions on 
granting a credit can be made automatically or manually. In the case of manual credit decisions, internal 
regulations define the competence of decision levels taking into account the client's rating and its overall 
exposure. Generally, the decision level structure ensures the ''four-eyes'' principle - although for smaller 
exposures credit decisions are permitted to be made by one person. The decision level structure eliminates 
possible cases of conflict of interests or other factors set out in the Code of Ethics. 
The decision to grant a credit transaction is primarily based on the ability of the customer to reimburse the 
credit transaction through the cash flows generated in its activity and income and not through the 
execution of collaterals, which is always an exceptional situation. In assessing a customer credit capacity, 
consideration is given to the entire involvement of the customer with the Group. The particulars of the 
situation of the entities belonging to the same economic group are taken into consideration in the 
assessment of the client. Available internal and external sources of information concerning the condition 
of the customer are taken into account, particularly information from the credit information bureau. 
The Bank ensures the correct formalisation and documentation of credit transactions and of the associated 
credit risk mitigation instruments, verifying that the documents and contracts legally involve all the 
related parties and are legally enforceable in every applicable jurisdiction. 
Credit agreements in the corporate segment contain clauses (covenants) ensuring that the minimum 
financial and other conditions underlying the approval of the credit transaction are maintained, including 
the possibility of demanding the early repayment of the credit transaction should the established 
minimum conditions no longer be valid. 
The Bank has a warning system able to detect, in a timely manner, signs of possible deterioration of a 
client's situation. Dedicated units, separated from the business area, are responsible for taking appropriate 
action when such signals appear.  
Regardless of the warning system, the Bank provides ongoing monitoring of the credit transactions, 
constantly verifying that the conditions underlying their approval are maintained, particularly regarding 
coverage with collateral compliance with the covenants of the transaction and the validity of the credit 
transaction support documentation. 
Loan collateral 
The Group accepts a collateral to mitigate its credit risk exposure. The main role of the collateral is to 
minimise loss in the event of customer default in the repayment of credit transactions in the contractual 
amounts and on the agreed contractual dates by ensuring an alternative source of repayment of due and 
payable amounts. 
The collateral is accepted in accordance with the credit policy principles defined for each customer 
segment. The key principle is that collateral for a credit transaction should correspond to the credit risk

--- Page 143 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
incurred by the Group by taking into account the specific nature of the transaction (ie its type, amount, 
repayment period and the customer's rating). 
The credit policy defines the types, kinds and legal forms of collateral accepted in the Group as well as 
more detailed requirements that are to ensure the probability of selling collateral of respective types in the 
context of the Group's recovery experiences. 
The Group pays special attention to the correct determination of collateral value. It defined the rules for 
preparing and verifying collateral valuation and does its utmost to ensure that such valuations are 
objective, and conservative and reflect the true value of the collateral. To ensure effective establishment 
of collateral, the Group has developed appropriate forms of collateral agreements, applications, powers-
of-attorney and representations. In the retail segment, accepted collateral consists mainly of residential 
real property (mortgage loans) and financial assets. The corporate segment primarily includes all types of 
property (residential, commercial and land) are taken as well as BGK guarantees. Common types of 
collateral are also movables, inventories and the assignment of receivables from contracts. Temporary 
collateral is also accepted in the period before the final collateral is established. 
Additionally, the Group uses various forms of instruments supplementing the collateral, which facilitate 
enforcement or increase the probability of effective repayment of debt from a specific collateral. Those 
instruments include: a statement of submitting to enforcement in the form of a notarial deed, blank 
promissory note, power-of-attorney to a bank account, and assignment of rights under an insurance 
agreement. 
The Group monitors the collateral to ensure that it satisfies the terms of the agreement, ie that the final 
collateral of the transaction has been established in a legally effective manner or that the assigned 
insurance policies are renewed. The value of the collateral is also monitored during the term of the credit 
transaction. 
Non-performing loans 
The table below shows the quality of the Group's credit portfolio as at 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020 including three stages and purchased or originated credit impaired assets ("POCI"). The 
Bank actively manages its non-performing loans portfolio by, for example, selling the loan portfolios to 
external non-performing loan managers. 
 
31 December 2021 
Balance sheet value, gross 
Accumulated impairment 
allowances 
Net 
balance 
sheet value 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
(including 
POCI) 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
(including 
POCI) 
 
Valued at amortised 
cost ............................. 
73,262,717 
3,866,807 
3,485,056 
(340,177) 
(234,353) 
(1,799,716) 
78,240,334 
Companies.................. 
17,458,183 
1,032,369 
806,767 
(114,852) 
(45,876) 
(320,591) 
18,816,000 
Individuals.................. 
55,561,933 
2,834,434 
2,678,289 
(224,196) 
(188,477) 
(1,479,125) 
59,182,858 
Public sector ............... 
242,601 
4 
0 
(1,129) 
0 
0 
241,476 
 
31 December 2020 
Balance sheet value, gross 
Accumulated impairment allowances 
Net balance 
sheet value 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
(including 
POCI) 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
(including 
POCI) 
 
Valued at amortised 
cost ................................  
66,725,877 
3,986,549 
3,683,798 
(365,159) 
(230,339) 
(1,777,137) 
72,023,589 
Companies.....................  
16,146,941 
1,561,156 
1,026,032 
(118,205) 
(41,408) 
(468,866) 
18,105,650 
Individuals.....................  
50,309,936 
2,425,215 
2,652,451 
(245,411) 
(188,930) 
(1,307,577) 
53,645,684 
Public sector ..................  
269,000 
178 
5,315 
(1,543) 
(1) 
(694) 
272,255 
Shareholders 
Overview 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank's share capital is divided into 1,213,116,777 ordinary 
bearer shares with a nominal value of PLN 1 each. The A series shares give their holders the right to two

--- Page 144 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
votes at the Bank's General Meeting. The remaining series of shares give their holders the right to one 
vote at the Bank's General Meeting.  
The Bank is a public company and its shares are listed on the regulated market of the WSE. Therefore, the 
Bank does not have detailed information on all of its shareholders. The Bank only receives information on 
its significant shareholders if these shareholders comply with the notification requirements prescribed by 
Polish law. 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, BCP held 607,771,505 shares in the Bank, which constitutes 50.10 
per cent. of the Bank's share capital and confers the right to 50.10 per cent. of votes at the Bank's General 
Meeting. 
The table below sets out information on the shareholding structure of the Bank as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, based on the most recent notifications made to the Bank. 
 
 
Number of shares 
Per cent. of voting 
rights at the General 
Meeting 
BCP ........................................................................................  
607,771,505 
50.10 
Nationale-Nederlanden Otwarty Fundusz Emerytalny ...............  
99,291,825 
8.18 
Aviva Otwarty Fundusz Emerytalny .........................................  
72,760,035 
6.00 
Otwarty Fundusz Emerytalny PZU "Złota Jesień" .....................  
69,451,428 
5.73 
Other shareholders ...................................................................  
363,841,384 
29.99 
Total.......................................................................................
1,213,116,177
100
BCP's control over the Bank 
Nature of control 
As a holder of the majority of voting rights at the Bank's General Meeting, BCP can exercise a decisive 
influence on the resolutions adopted by this body, and, in particular, on the resolutions on key issues 
relating to the Bank's organisation and operations, including:  
 
appropriation of the profits/offsetting of losses incurred by the Bank;  
 
approval of the due performance of their duties by the Bank's bodies;  
 
appointment and dismissal of members of the Supervisory Board;  
 
amendments to the Bank's statutes;  
 
increases and decreases in the share capital of the Bank;  
 
the redemption of shares;  
 
the utilisation of supplementary capital and other reserves by the Bank;  
 
the issue of convertible bonds or bonds with a pre-emptive right;  
 
the determination of remuneration rules for Supervisory Board members; and  
 
the Bank's liquidation, merger, demerger or transformation.  
Since Management Board members are appointed and dismissed by the Supervisory Board, BCP, by 
having a decisive influence on the composition of the Supervisory Board, can also directly influence the 
composition of the Management Board. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no entity other than BCP 
has control over the Bank. 
In the opinion of the Bank, neither the Statute nor the by-laws of the General Meeting, the Supervisory 
Board or the Management Board contain any provisions which might delay, forestall or prevent a change 
of control over the Bank.

--- Page 145 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
Mechanisms preventing an abuse of control 
There are a number of legal instruments aimed at preventing an abuse of control over the Bank by its 
major shareholder specified in the Commercial Companies Code and the Act on Public Offerings dated 
29 July 2005. 
Dividend 
The Group's dividend policy assumes distribution of between 35 per cent. to 50 per cent. of its net profit, 
provided that recommendations of the KNF regarding the payment of dividends are met.  
On 16 December 2020, the KNF published its recommendation on the dividend policy of commercial 
banks in Poland in 2021. The KNF found necessary to withhold dividend payments by commercial banks 
I the first half of 2021, taking into consideration significant uncertainty related to further developments in 
conjunction with COVID-19 pandemic. On 13 January 2021 the Bank received from the KNF analogous 
individual recommendation on withholding a dividend payment in the first half of 2021.  
On 24 June 2021 the KNF published a set of new, milder dividend recommendations, allowing banks in 
Poland upon meeting certain criteria, pay-outs of profits for 2020. The Bank's Management Board did not 
reinstate the dividend payment due to, among other things, the small net profit recorded in 2020 and due 
to the fact that the General Meeting of the Bank on 23 March 2020 unanimously voted to retain 100 per 
cent. of the profit for 2020. 
The bank recorded a net loss in 2021, hence there are no grounds for dividend payment. The Management 
Board does not intend to recommend to shareholders a dividend payment for the year 2022. 
IT and operations 
The Group has several IT systems, including systems supporting remote banking channels, product 
management, accounting, IT and HR support. The IT infrastructure meets market standards and is 
protected with a regularly tested business continuity solution (including a remote facility), data backup 
procedures, off-site data storage and sophisticated cybercrime prevention software. Additionally, the 
Issuer is constantly monitoring the compliance of its IT systems with the relevant recommendations of the 
KNF. 
Litigation  
Lawsuits 
The below description includes information on the court cases pending, initiated by and against the 
Group, excluding the proceedings before the Tax Control Authority. 
Court cases brought up by the Group 
The value of court litigations, as at 31 December 2021, in which the Group companies were a plaintiff, 
totalled PLN 552.5 million. 
Court cases against the Group 
The following are descriptions of the court cases brought against the Group that the Group classifies as 
material as at 31 December 2021: 
 
the Bank is the defendant in three court proceedings in which the subject of the dispute is the 
amount of the interchange fee. The Bank, together with certain other financial institutions, is 
accused of acting under an agreement restricting competition on the acquiring services market by 
jointly setting the level of the national interchange fee. The total value of claims in these cases is 
PLN 729.6 million. The case is pending. The Bank has not created a cash reserve to cover 
potential losses resulting from losing the case because the Bank believes that these claims are 
without merit. 
 
the Bank is the defendant in court proceedings brought by Europejska Fundacja Współpracy 
Polsko-Belgijskiej (the "EFWPB"). EFWPB sued the Bank for damages caused by the Bank due

--- Page 146 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
to the wrong interpretation of the agreement for a working capital loan, which resulted in placing 
the loan on demand. The total value of the claim in this dispute is PLN 521.9 million. The case is 
pending. The Bank has not created a cash reserve to cover potential losses resulting from losing 
the case because the Bank believes that the EFWPB’s claims are without merit. 
As at 31 December 2021, the total value of claims in court cases against the Group is PLN 2,206 million. 
This does not include the value of claims in the class actions brought against the Group and described 
below. 
Class action related to LTV insurance 
The Bank is the defendant in a class action brought against it by the Municipal Consumer Ombudsman in 
Olsztyn representing 697 borrowers being parties to 432 loan agreements concluded with the Bank, 
claiming that certain clauses contained in these loan agreements concerning the client’s obligation to pay 
for a compulsory insurance covering the Bank’s risk associated with low equity contributions made by the 
clients are abusive and therefore prohibited and invalid. The total value of the claim in this dispute is over 
PLN 7.3 million. The case is pending. The Bank has not created a cash reserve to cover potential losses 
resulting from losing the case. 
Lawsuit filed by Financial Ombudsman for discontinuation of unfair market practices 
On 13 August 2020, the Bank received a lawsuit brought against it by the Financial Ombudsman. In the 
lawsuit, the Financial Ombudsman has demanded that the Bank, together with another financial 
institution from the insurance sector, be ordered to discontinue unfair market practices involving: 
 
presenting the offered loan repayment insurance as protecting the interests of the insured in cases 
where the insurance structure indicates that it protects the Bank's interests; 
 
the use of clauses linking the value of insurance benefits with the amount of the borrower's debt; 
 
the use of clauses determining the amount of insurance premium without a prior risk assessment 
(underwriting); and 
 
the use of clauses excluding the insurer's liability for insurance accidents resulting from earlier 
causes. 
Furthermore, the Financial Ombudsman requires the Bank to be ordered to publish, on its website, 
information on the use of unfair market practices. The lawsuit does not include any demand for the Bank 
to pay any specified amounts. Nonetheless, if the practice is deemed to be abusive, it may constitute 
grounds for future claims to be filed by individual clients. The case is pending. 
Court claims, current provisions related to foreign currency mortgage loans and events that may 
impact foreign currency mortgage legal risk and related provision 
As at 31 December 2021, the Bank had 11,983 loan agreements, including a portfolio of 913 loan 
agreements from the acquired Euro Bank in dispute. Under individual ongoing litigations (excluding 
claims submitted by the Bank against clients) concerning the indexation clauses of foreign currency 
mortgage loans submitted to the courts, the total value of claims filed by the plaintiffs amounts to PLN 
1,512.4 million and CHF 121.3 million. Clients' claims in individual proceedings primarily concern the 
declaration of invalidity of the contract and payment for reimbursement of allegedly undue performance, 
due to the abusive nature of indexation clauses, or maintenance of the agreement in PLN with an interest 
rate indexed to CHF LIBOR. 
The Bank is also a party to a class action concerning the Bank's potential liability towards the class action 
members based on unjust enrichment (the undue benefit) in connection with the foreign currency 
mortgage loans. The potential court rulings in these proceedings will not grant any amounts to the class 
action members. The number of credit agreements covered by these proceedings is 3,281. The case is 
pending and at the proceedings are currently at the stage of reviewing the case on its merits. 
On 31 December 2021, the outstanding gross balance of loan agreements under individual court cases and 
class actions against the Bank was PLN 4,382 million, of which the outstanding amount of the loan

--- Page 147 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
agreements under the class action proceedings was PLN 962 million. If all of the Bank's loan agreements, 
which are currently subject to individual and class action court proceedings, were declared invalid 
without proper compensation for the use of capital, the pre-tax cost could reach PLN 4,020 million, and 
overall losses would be higher or lower depending on the final decision of the court in this regard.  
In 2021, the Bank created PLN 2,086.0 million cash reserve for its own portfolio of loans and PLN 219.2 
million for the portfolio of loans from the acquired Euro Bank S.A. On 31 December 2021 the final level 
of cash reserves for the Bank's own portfolio of loans was PLN 3,078.9 million, and for the portfolio of 
loans from the acquired Euro Bank it was PLN 253.7 million. Taking into consideration the recent 
negative evolution of the court verdicts regarding foreign currency mortgage loans, and if such trend 
continues, the Bank will have to regularly review and may need to continue to increase the balance of 
cash reserves allocated to court litigations.  
The Bank is open to negotiate, on a case by case basis, favourable conditions for early repayment or 
conversion of CHF loans to PLN. As a result of these negotiations, the number of active foreign currency 
mortgage loans decreased by 8,449 (including 69 confirmed in court) in 2021 compared with over 57,800 
active loan agreements at the end of 2020. Costs incurred in conjunctions with these negotiations have 
totalled PLN 364.3 million to date. 
It can be assumed that the legal issues relating to foreign currency mortgage loans will be further 
examined by the Polish courts within the framework of previously considered disputes, which could 
possibly result in the emergence of further interpretations that are relevant for the assessment of the risks 
associated with subject matter proceedings. This circumstance indicates the need for constant analysis of 
these matters. Further requests for clarification and rulings addressed to the CEJU and Polish Supreme 
Court have already been filed and may still be filed and could have a potential impact on the outcome of 
the court cases. 
The Group's profitability is already being and may still be materially affected by the need to continue to 
register reserves for legal risk, which may trigger losses that could have a negative impact on the capital 
ratios of the Group and could oblige the Group to launch its recovery plan. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had PLN 12,872 million, including PLN 969 million of CHF 
Mortgage Loans originated by Euro Bank. The exposure amounts are presented as gross of litigation 
provisions. As at 31 December 2021, the disputes against the Bank concerned 11,070 loan agreements 
signed by the Bank and 913 loan agreements signed by Euro Bank. 94 per cent. of these disputes were 
still at the court of first instance. The total value of claims filed by the plaintiffs amounting was PLN 
1,512.4 million and CHF 121.3 million (PLN 1,391.9 million and CHF 119.0 million relating to the 
Bank’s portfolio and PLN 120.4 million and CHF 2.3 million concerning the Euro Bank’s portfolio). As 
at 31 December 2021, the Group did not have exposures towards corporate clients denominated in, or 
indexed to, CHF.  The Group ceased granting CHF Mortgage Loans in December 2008. The legal risk 
associated with the CHF Mortgage Loans originated by Euro Bank is covered by an indemnity agreement 
between the Bank and Société Générale. 
On 8 December 2020, the Chairman of the KNF proposed a solution to the Polish banking sector to 
address the sector risks related to the CHF Mortgage Loans.  The solution would consist in offering 
banks’ clients a voluntary possibility of concluding arrangements based on which a client would settle a 
CHF Mortgage Loan as if it was a PLN loan bearing interest at an appropriate WIBOR rate increased by 
the margin historically employed for such loans. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank has not 
taken any decision regarding the implementation of this solution, but cannot exclude implementing it in 
the future. The decision to implement this solution could necessitate creating provisions for the losses 
resulting from the conversion of CHF Mortgage Loans. 
Due to the complexity and uncertainty regarding the outcome of court cases, as well as from the potential 
implementation of the solution of the Chairman of the KNF or from potential Supreme Court decisions or 
CEJU decisions, it is difficult to reliably estimate the potential impact of such different outcomes and 
their interaction as at the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 148 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
Management and Employees 
Management and Supervisory Bodies 
In accordance with the Commercial Companies Code and the Banking Law, the Bank is managed by its 
Management Board and overseen by its Supervisory Board. The information provided below relating to 
the organisation, competencies and activities of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board has 
been prepared based on the provisions of the Commercial Companies Code, the Banking Law and the 
Bank's statutes. 
The business address of all members of the Bank's Management Board and of all members of the Bank's 
Supervisory Board is ul. Stanisława Żaryna 2A, 02-593 Warsaw, Poland.  
To the best of the Bank's knowledge, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the 
members of the Management Board or the Supervisory Board with respect to the Bank and their private 
interests or other duties. 
Management Board 
The Management Board is the Bank's governing body. 
The Management Board comprises at least three members appointed by the Supervisory Board for a joint 
term of office of three years. The Management Board is headed by the Chairperson. Two Management 
Board members, the Chairperson and the member of the Management Board supervising significant risk 
management in the Bank's operations are appointed with the consent of the KNF. 
The Chairperson has the casting vote at Management Board meetings at which there is an even number of 
votes cast in favour of and against a Management Board resolution. 
The Management Board is responsible for running the Bank's operations, representing the Bank 
externally and executing all powers concerning the Bank's operations which are not vested in other 
corporate bodies. 
The members of the Management Board are set out below: 
 
Name 
Position 
Joao Bras Jorge ......................................................... 
Chairperson of the Management Board 
Fernando Bicho ......................................................... 
Deputy Chairperson of the Management Board 
Wojciech Haase ......................................................... 
Member of the Management Board 
Andrzej Gliński ......................................................... 
Member of the Management Board 
Wojciech Rybak ........................................................ 
Member of the Management Board 
António Pinto Júnior .................................................. 
Member of the Management Board 
Jarosław Hermann ..................................................... 
Member of the Management Board 
Joao Bras Jorge 
Joao Bras Jorge is a graduate of Management Studies at Universidade Católica Portuguesa and PADE 
Advance Management Programme under AESE. He started his professional career as a stockbroker in 
1990 and spent the next ten years in investment banking. He also sat on the Board of the Lisbon Stock 
Exchange. Before his move to Poland he was the Head of the Retail Banking Customer Division and the 
Co-ordinator of the Retail Network at Millennium BCP. He has been a member of the Bank's 
Management Board since 2006 and in 2013 became the Chairperson of the Management Board. 
Joao Bras Jorge is responsible for the work of the Management Board, internal audit, compliance, legal 
support, HR, marketing communication, public relations and personal data protection. 
Fernando Bicho 
Fernando Maria Cardoso Rodrigues Bicho graduated from the Economic Department at Universidade 
Católica Portuguesa in 1984. In 1993, he obtained an MBA from Universidade Católica Portuguesa. He 
gained his professional experience inter alia in the Portuguese Foreign Investment Institute, Lloyds Bank 
Plc in Lisbon and União de Banco Portugueses (UBP), later renamed as Banco Mello. He was a fund 
manager and was also in charge of the treasury and capital markets, securities operations, asset and

--- Page 149 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
liabilities management, issues on international capital markets, capital management and investor relations. 
After Banco Mello's purchase by BCP in 2000, he worked in the BCP Corporate Centre and from June 
2001 he was the head of the Assets and Liabilities Management Division of the BCP Group. He became a 
member of the Bank's Management Board in 2002, and in 2012 he became the Deputy Chairperson of the 
Bank's Management Board. 
Fernando Bicho supervises treasury, accounting, financial reporting and control, taxes, capital 
investments, relations with investors and financial institutions, management information and central 
acquisition, as well as coordination of Group entities (other than leasing, brokerage, investment funds and 
startups). 
Wojciech Haase 
Wojciech Haase is a graduate of the Faculty of Production Economics at Gdańsk University. He worked 
at the NBP where he was a member of the group establishing BG. From 1989 to 1997 he worked at BG, 
first in the Credit Department and then in the Treasury Department. From 1993 he was a Deputy 
Chairperson of the Management Board of BG and then the acting Chairperson of the Management Board 
of BG. Since 1997 he has been a member of the Bank's Management Board. 
Since 4 December 2015 Wojciech Haase is the Bank's material risk management supervisor. Moreover, 
he supervises risk management, risk models, credit and ratings processes, liabilities collection and 
treasury control. 
Andrzej Gliński 
Andrzej Gliński graduated from the Poznań University of Technology and completed post-graduate 
studies in banking and finance at the Warsaw School of Economics. He started his career in banking at 
Bank Handlowy w Warszawie S.A. He joined the Group in 2004 as the Chairperson of Millennium 
Leasing sp. z o.o. He then became the Head of the Bank's Corporate Banking Area and he has been a 
member of the Bank's Management Board since 2010. 
Andrzej Gliński supervises corporate banking and its support (excluding corporate banking marketing), 
factoring and trade financing, structured finance, custody, as well coordination of the Group entities: 
leasing and brokerage 
Wojciech Rybak 
Wojciech Rybak graduated from the Faculty of Economics at the University of Szczecin and Tempus – 
Portassist Programme at the University of Antwerp. He joined the Group as the head of a branch in 1996. 
In 2003 he became a member of the Management Board of Millennium Leasing sp. z o.o. He has been a 
member of the Bank's Management Board since 2016. 
Wojciech Rybak supervises the retail sales network, its optimization and support, private banking and 
direct banking. 
António Pinto Júnior 
António Ferreira Pinto Júnior graduated with a degree in Economics from Oporto University and studied 
Corporate Finance at Minho University. He started his professional career in 1990 in Banco Português do 
Atlântico, which became a part of the BCP Group in 1994. He held various positions, including 
managerial positions, in Retail and Corporate Banking, in marketing and sales support areas. From 2002 
to 2011 he worked in the Bank as the Head of Departments of Marketing, Quality, Processes and 
Operations, and from April 2010 he was a Member of the Management Board. From 2010 to 2018 he was 
the Head of the Retail Banking Marketing Department in Millenniumbcp in Portugal, and between July 
2016 and May 2018 he was also a non-executive Member of the Management Board of ActivoBank. He 
became a member of the Bank's Management Board in 2018. 
António Ferreira Pinto Júnior supervises electronic banking, sales campaigns, retail and corporate 
banking marketing, processes support management, administration and infrastructure, complaints and 
quality of services, coordination of Group entities from the area of investment funds and startups.

--- Page 150 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
Jarosław Hermann 
Jarosław Hermann is a graduate of the Applied Mathematics and Physics Faculty at the Warsaw 
University of Technology and the Carlson School of Management MBA programme in 2002. During his 
professional career he held various managerial positions in the IT & Operations areas. From 2005 to 2010 
he was a member of the management board of First Data Poland, responsible for providing IT and 
operational services for card acquiring and financial solutions business lines. From 2010 to 2016 he was a 
member of the management boards of AXA companies in Poland, responsible for IT & Operations. From 
2016 to 2018 he was vice-president of the management board of Polskie ePłatności, an emerging card 
acquirer. He has been a member of the Bank's Management Board since 2018. 
Jarosław Hermann supervises IT, products operations, settlement and cash management, evidencing, 
control and settlement of treasury transactions, security and business continuity. 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board exercises regular supervision over the Group's operations. 
The Supervisory Board consists of at least five members elected by the General Meeting for a joint term 
of office of three years. At least two members of the Supervisory Board must be independent members. 
At least half of the members of the Supervisory Board, including the Chairperson, must be Polish citizens. 
The responsibilities of the Supervisory Board include: 
 
reviewing the Group's annual financial statements; 
 
approving the long-term development plans prepared by the Management Board; 
 
appointing, suspending and dismissing members of the Management Board; 
 
delegating members of the Supervisory Board for temporary positions on the Management 
Board; and 
 
concluding, amending and terminating agreements with members of the Management Board. 
The Supervisory Board should meet at least once each calendar quarter. For resolutions passed at 
Supervisory Board meetings to be valid, at least half of the members must be present at the meeting and 
all members must be invited. Passing a Supervisory Board resolution requires a majority of votes and if 
there is an even number of votes, the Chairperson has the casting vote. 
The Supervisory Board may appoint committees. The members of the committees carry out particular 
supervisory activities. The exact scope of responsibilities of a committee is set out in the resolution of the 
Supervisory Board appointing the committee. 
The table below sets out information on the members of the Supervisory Board. 
 
Name 
Position 
Bogusław Kott................................................... 
Chairperson of the Supervisory Board 
Nuno Manuel da Silva Amado ........................... 
Deputy Chairperson of the Supervisory Board 
Dariusz Rosati ................................................... 
Deputy Chairperson and Secretary of the Supervisory Board 
Miguel de Campos Pereira de Bragança ............. 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Olga Grygier-Siddons ........................................ 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Anna Jakubowski .............................................. 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Grzegorz Jędrys ................................................. 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Alojzy Nowak ................................................... 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
José Miguel Bensliman Schorcht da Silva Pessanha
 ...................................................................... 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Miguel Maya Dias Pinheiro ............................... 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Beata Stelmach .................................................. 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Lingjiang Xu ..................................................... 
Member of the Supervisory Board

--- Page 151 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
Bogusław Kott 
Bogusław Kott graduated from the Foreign Trade Faculty at the Warsaw School of Economics. For many 
years he worked at the Ministry of Finance, specialising in foreign trade financing. He is one of the 
founders of BIG and, from 1989 to 2013 he was the Chairperson of the Management Board first of BIG 
and, later, the Bank. He has been the Chairperson of the Bank's Supervisory Board since 2013. He has 
been a Member of the Polish Business Roundtable since 1994 and became its Honorary Member in 2020. 
He joined the Board of Trustees of Kozminski University in Warsaw in 2018. 
Nuno Manuel da Silva Amado 
Nuno Manuel da Silva Amado has a Business Degree from Instituto Superior de Ciencias do Trabalho e 
da Empresa. He also attended the Advanced Management Programme at INSEAD. He has held various 
positions in audit firms and banks in Portugal. From 2012 to 2018 he was Vice-Chairperson of the Board 
of Directors and CEO of BCP. Since 2018 he has been the Chairperson of the Board of Directors of BCP. 
He has been a Deputy Chairperson of the Bank's Supervisory Board since 2012. 
Dariusz Rosati 
Dariusz Rosati holds a degree in International Trade from the Warsaw School of Economics). He is a 
Professor Emeritus of Economic Sciences at the Institute of International Economic Policy at the Warsaw 
School of Economics. He held various positions in the Polish public administration and also acted as a 
consultant for various international organisations. He has also been a member of the Polish parliament 
and the European Parliament. He became a member of the Bank's Supervisory Board in 2004. 
Miguel de Campos Pereira de Bragança 
Miguel de Campos Pereira de Bragança holds a Degree in Management and Administration from the 
Catholic University of Portugal and an MBA from INSEAD. Since 1989 he has worked at banks in 
Portugal, Brazil and Great Britain. Since 2012 he has been a Member of the Board of Directors and Vice-
Chairman of the Executive Committee of BCP. Since 2018 he has held positions as non-executive 
Director of SIBS, SGPS, SA and of SIBS Forward Payment Solutions, SA and non-executive Director of 
the Board of Directors of UNICRE- Instituição Financeira de Crédito, SA, as representative of Banco 
Comercial Português, SA. He became a member of the Bank's Supervisory Board in 2012. 
Olga Grygier-Siddons 
Olga Grygier-Siddons graduated from the University of Manchester, in Computer Science and 
Accounting. She is also a Fellow Chartered Accountant, registered with the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of England and Wales. She has pursued her professional career in the advisory sector and 
held various positions at PwC. Currently, she serves as a strategic advisor and mentor and until today she 
performs the following functions: Member of the Council of the Silesian University, Member of the 
Belvedere Forum Steering Committee; Member of the Emerging Europe Steering Committee; founder 
and CEO of the Experiential Learning Hub - Villa Poranek. Since 2021 she has been an independent 
member of the Bank's Supervisory Board. 
Anna Jakubowski 
Anna Jakubowski graduated with a Bachelor of Business Administration from Wilfrid Laurier University 
in Canada. During her professional career she has held management positions at Procter & Gamble, Coca-
Cola, Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits and Avon Cosmetics. Currently she is the Managing Director of Life 
Institute sp. z o.o. sp. k., in which she is an investor. She has also been involved with a number of trade 
bodies and associations. She joined the Bank's Supervisory Board in 2015 and is an independent member 
of the Bank's Supervisory Board. 
Grzegorz Jędrys 
Grzegorz Jędrys graduated from the Production Economics Faculty of the Warsaw School of Economics 
and from a post-graduate course at the Warsaw School of Economics in Strategic Marketing 
Management. He has held managerial positions at investment funds and other financial institutions. Since 
2005 he has been the Head of Poland's Representative Office of the Polish American Freedom 
Foundation. Since 2013 he has been a member of the Bank's Supervisory Board and is an independent

--- Page 152 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
member of the Bank's Supervisory Board. Since 9 July 2020, acting as a Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Millennium Bank Hipoteczny S.A. 
Alojzy Nowak 
Alojzy Nowak is the professor of economics and the Rector of the Warsaw University. He is an author of 
more than 300 publications and a lecturer at a number of universities in Poland and abroad. He is also a 
member of various advisory bodies, including the National Development Council established by the 
President of Poland. He joined the Bank's Supervisory Board in 2018 and is an independent member of 
the Bank's Supervisory Board. 
José Miguel Bensliman Schorcht da Silva Pessanha 
José Miguel Bensliman Schorcht da Silva Pessanha holds a Master's Degree in Economics from 
Université Catholique de Louvain and a Master's Degree in Operational Investigation (academic portion) 
from Instituto Superior Técnico and has a Licentiate Degree in Economics from Universidade Católica 
Portuguesa. He has held various positions in the Portuguese financial sector since 1982 and joined the 
BCP Group in 1998. Currently he is a Member of the Board of Directors and of the Executive Committee 
of Banco Comercial Português, S.A., Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Audit 
Board of Millennium bcp Ageas Grupo Segurador, SGPS, S.A., Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors 
and Chairman of the Audit Board of Ocidental - Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros de Vida, S.A. and 
Vice- Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Ageas – Sociedade 
Gestora de Fundos de Pensões, S.A. (formerly Ocidental – Sociedade Gestora de Fundos de Pensões, 
S.A.), a Member of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Audit Committee of BIM – Banco 
Internacional de Moçambique, S.A., and Member of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Audit 
Committee of Banco Millennium Atlântico, S.A. He has been a member of the Bank's Supervisory Board 
since 2018. 
Miguel Maya Dias Pinheiro 
Miguel Maya Dias Pinheiro graduated from Instituto Superior das Ciências do Trabalho e da Empresa 
(ISCTE) with a licentiate degree in Business Organization and Management, having also completed the 
Senior Management Programme (PADE) – AESE, the Advanced Management Programme – INSEAD 
and the Corporate Governance Programme - AESE. He joined the BCP Group in 1996 and has held 
senior management positions at various companies within the BCP Group. Currently he holds the 
following positions in BCP's Group governing bodies: Chief Executive Officer and Vice-Chairman of the 
Board of Directors of BCP, Chairman of the Board of Directors of ActivoBank, S.A., Manager of BCP 
Africa, SGPS, Lda. and Member of the Board of Directors of Banco Internacional de Moçambique, S.A. 
He joined the Bank's Supervisory Board in 2015. 
Beata Stelmach 
Beata Stelmach is a graduate of the Finance and Statistics Faculty at the Warsaw School of Economics. 
She also holds an MBA from Clagary University and INSEAD. She has held managerial positions in 
various Polish financial institutions as well as Prokom Software S.A., General Electrics and PZL Świdnik 
S.A. From 2011 to 2013 she was Undersecretary of State at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, responsible 
for global economic policy as well as public and cultural diplomacy. Since 2021 she has been a member 
of the Bank's Supervisory Board and is an independent member of the Bank's Supervisory Board. 
Lingjiang Xu 
Lingjiang Xu has a Bachelor's Degree in German from the Foreign Studies University of Beijing, a 
Master's Degree in World Economics from the Nan Kai University, Tianjin and a Master's Degree in 
Finance from the London Business School. He has held various positions in the Chinese public 
administration and diplomatic service. In 2011 he moved to the financial sector. Currently he is non-
executive Member of the Board of Directors, Member of the Committee for Nominations and 
Remunerations and Chairman of the Committee for Corporate Governance, Ethics and Professional 
Conduct of Banco Comercial Português, S.A., non-executive Member of the Board of Directors of 
Fidelidade - Companhia de Seguros, S.A., Chairman of the Board of Directors of Longrun Portugal, 
SGPA,S.A. and since November 2019 Member of the Board of Directors of Luz Saude, S.A. In 2018 he 
became a member of the Bank's Supervisory Board.

--- Page 153 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had 6,942 employees (full time equivalent) as compared with 7,493 
employees (full time equivalent) as at 31 December 2020. In addition to salaries, the Group's employees 
are entitled to a range of benefits, including life, health and medical insurance, and bonuses relating to 
meeting individual objectives. During the pandemic, the Group's employees, where possible, were 
working remotely. The Group has also implemented a number of social distancing measures to ensure the 
safety of the Group's employees who work at the Group's premises.

--- Page 154 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
MARKET AND LEGAL ENVIRONMENT 
Market 
The information presented in this section has been extracted from publicly available sources and 
documents. The source of external information is always given if such information is used in this section. 
While reviewing, searching for and processing macroeconomic, market, industry or other data from 
external sources such as the KNF or government publications, none of it has been independently verified 
by the Group or the Dealers or any of their affiliates or the Group's advisers in connection with the 
Programme. 
The Bank does not intend to and does not warrant to update the data concerning the market or the 
industry as presented in this section, subject to the duties resulting from generally binding regulations. 
The Polish economy in 2021 
In 2021 the Polish economy continued to recover after a significant GDP decline in 2020 caused by the 
COVID-19 pandemic. In 2021, GDP grew by 5.7 per cent. compared with a contraction of 2.5 per cent. in 
2020. The Bank is of the view that the main constraints to higher GDP growth are disruptions in the 
supply of raw materials and intermediate goods that do not allow the Polish industry to use its full 
capacity, as well as high inflation, which limits growth of consumption in real terms. In the fourth quarter 
of 2021, inflation grew to 7.7 per cent. year on year and in December it reached 8.6 per cent. year on year, 
reaching the highest rate in the last 20 years. The main factors contributing to the high inflation are 
increasing prices of energy and fuels as well as tight labour market. To restrict inflation growth, the 
Monetary Policy Council increased the NBP's reference rate from 0.10 per cent. in September 2021 to 
2.75 per cent. in February 2022. In the Bank's assessment, monetary tightening will continue further in 
2022. 
In the fourth quarter of 2021 the value of household deposits in the banking sector increased by PLN 36 
billion compared with September 2021. This growth is consistent with the stable condition of the Polish 
labour market and the good income situation of the average Polish household sector. Deposits from non-
financial companies increased by PLN 23 billion, which, in the Bank's opinion, is an indication of the 
positive financial state of Polish companies. The demand for loans from individuals and clients has also 
increased. Loans in the banking sector continued to increase substantially in the fourth quarter of 2021 but 
higher interest rates brought some slowdown in the growth of mortgage and consumer loans. 
Development of the Polish banking sector 
Between 1989 and 1991, a two-tiered banking sector was established, separating the central bank from the 
rest of the banking sector. Nine regional commercial banks were created out of the NBP's commercial and 
retail banking operations. The NBP branch network and the respective commercial loan portfolios of its 
branches were divided among the newly-established banks to give each new bank a regional base. All of 
these regional banks were transformed into joint stock companies in October 1991 and were subsequently 
privatised between 1993 and 2001. Since 1991, Polish banking law has allowed the licensing of new 
private banks in Poland and opened the Polish banking market to foreign investors. As a result, there has 
been a rapid expansion in the number of banks due to foreign banking groups entering the market. 
According to the KNF, as at 31 December 2021, there were 30 commercial banks in Poland, 37 branches 
of credit institutions and 511 relatively small co-operative banks. 
The level of competition in the Polish banking sector is relatively high due to its low level of 
concentration. According to KNF data as at 31 December 2021, the market share in total banking assets 
of the top five banks stood at 56.7 per cent. (compared with 56.5 per cent. as at the end of December 
2020). 
Other factors having an impact on competition include the consolidation of the Polish banking sector. For 
example, in 2013, Santander Bank Polska S.A. and Kredyt Bank S.A. merged, Getin Noble Bank S.A. 
acquired Dexia Kommunalkredit Bank Polska S.A., and Getin Noble Bank S.A. also acquired the retail 
operations of DnB Nord Polska S.A.; in 2014, Nordea Bank Polska S.A. merged with PKO Bank Polski 
S.A., Santander Bank Polska S.A. took over control of Santander Consumer Bank S.a.; in 2015, Bank 
BGŻ S.A. merged with BNP Paribas S.A. and Alior Bank S.A. acquired Meritum Bank ICB S.A.; and, in

--- Page 155 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
2016, Bank BGŻ BNP Paribas S.A. merged with Sygma Bank Polska S.A., and Alior Bank S.A. merged 
with the core business of Bank BPH S.A. In December 2017, Deutsche Bank sold its Polish retail 
operations to Santander Bank Polska S.A. On 10 April 2018, Raiffeisen Bank International AG agreed to 
sell the core banking operations of Raiffeisen Bank Polska S.A. by way of demerger to Bank BGŻ BNP 
Paribas S.A. In 2019, the Bank acquired Euro Bank. In April 2021, Citi announced its intention to sell its 
retail banking operations in Poland. 
The Polish banking sector is expected to continue to experience consolidation in the medium term. A 
number of smaller market players generate relatively low revenues, which will be subject to rising 
pressure. This may force further consolidation if profitability is eroded. Given the pressure on the revenue 
side (low interest rates, regulatory measures) and additional burdens (Polish banking tax, higher capital 
requirements), some banks are expected to strive to increase their scale of operations to achieve a 
satisfactory return on equity. 
As a result of changes in the shareholding structure of Polish commercial banks, in particular the takeover 
of Bank Pekao S.A. by PZU S.A. and PFR S.A., in 2017 the share of foreign ownership in banking assets 
in the country declined markedly. According to the KNF, as at 31 December 2021 42.7 per cent. of the 
total assets of the Polish banking sector belonged to foreign-owned banking groups, compared with 43.6 
per cent. at the end of 2020. 
Alternative distribution channels, in particular internet banking and mobile banking, have been increasing 
in importance in Poland. Moreover, new products, such as markets for financial advisory services, wealth 
management, insurance products and various investment funds in Poland, have seen significant growth 
and are likely to be a significant driver for profitability in the future. 
Legal environment 
Specific Requirement for the Banks 
Engaging in banking activities involves meeting multiple regulatory obligations, most of which follow 
directly from the provisions of the Banking Law, and from resolutions, ordinances and recommendations 
made by the KNF. The most important obligations concern the Bank's own funds, the capital adequacy 
ratio, the solvency ratio, exposure concentration, risk management systems and financial management 
conducted by the Bank. 
Banks have a duty to protect banking secrecy. Regulations on personal data protection are particularly 
important for the functioning of banks in order to protect individual customers. Personal data may be 
processed exclusively in compliance with detailed regulations, using technical and organisational 
resources which ensure the protection of personal data against unauthorised processing, including making 
it available to third parties. 
The Bank must also comply with regulations for preventing the financial system from being used for the 
purpose of money laundering and terrorist financing. 
Certain restrictions also apply if banks retain any third parties for the performance of banking activities 
for and on behalf of the bank, or for the performance of any banking-related operations. 
Banking Supervision Exercised by the KNF 
In Poland, banking supervision is currently exercised by the KNF and covers, in particular: 
 
assessing the financial position of banks, including analysing liquidity, the quality of assets, 
solvency and the financial results of banks; 
 
estimating, maintaining and reviewing internal capital; 
 
auditing the quality of risk management systems, and in particular the risk management system 
and internal control system; 
 
auditing the compliance of banks' activities with the appropriate regulations; and

--- Page 156 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
 
monitoring and controlling banks' compliance with exposure concentration limits and standards 
for acceptable risk in their operations as determined by the KNF. 
The KNF has wide powers and legal instruments that enable it to supervise banks (including the ability to 
carry out inspections). 
Other Supervisory Authorities 
Some areas of banking operations are subject to the supervision of other public administration authorities, 
the most important of which are: 
 
the Office of Competition and Customer Protection, regarding protecting market competition 
and consumers' collective rights; 
 
the Financial Ombudsman, regarding protecting consumers' rights raised in a complaint handling 
process; 
 
the Head of the Data Protection Office, regarding collecting, processing, managing and 
protecting personal data; and 
 
the minister responsible for financial institutions and the General Inspector for Financial 
Information regarding the prevention of money laundering and the financing of terrorism. 
Bank Guarantee Fund 
The BGF guarantee covers the monetary assets deposited in bank accounts or receivables regarding 
claims confirmed by documents issued by banks with a guarantee system. Participation in the guarantee 
system is mandatory for all Polish banks and in certain instances for branches of foreign banks operating 
in Poland. Banks covered by the guarantee system make mandatory annual payments to the BGF and are 
obliged to set up a guaranteed funds protection fund. The mandatory guarantee system ensures that if a 
bank becomes insolvent, the funds deposited in bank accounts, up to an amount specified in the 
regulations, are returned. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, funds up to an amount equivalent to EUR 
100,000 per single person regarding deposits in all accounts at a given bank are fully covered by the 
guarantee system. Funds deposited, in particular, by government administration authorities, other banks, 
credit institutions, insurance companies and investment and pension funds are not covered by the 
guarantee system. 
Additionally, the BGF is the Polish resolution authority. Under the BRRD and the Act on the Bank 
Guarantee Fund, the BGF is authorised to commence resolution proceedings with respect to banks 
operating in Poland. The BGF has at its disposal a wide range of legal instruments during resolution 
proceedings, including the power to write down debt instruments issued by a bank or to convert them into 
shares of the bank. 
Consumer Protection 
The Consumer Credit Act dated 12 May 2011 (as amended), the Civil Code regulations and other 
consumer protection laws impose on banks several obligations relating to agreements signed with 
individuals who perform actions which are not directly related to their business or professional activities 
(consumers). The most important of these are the requirements to inform consumers about the cost of 
extended credit and loans and to include specified terms in consumer loan agreements as well as a 
prohibition on including specific clauses which are unfavourable to consumers in agreements. If a 
consumer loan agreement does not meet certain requirements of the Consumer Credit Act, the borrower is 
authorised under the law to repay the loan in the principal amount with interest accrued until the 
prepayment date. In some circumstances, the borrower may be authorised to repay only the principal 
amount, without interest, fees or any other amounts due to the bank under the loan agreement. 
There is a cap on the maximum interest rates a bank may charge under a loan agreement. The maximum 
interest rate is capped at two times the sum of the applicable reference rate of the NBP and 3.5 per cent.

--- Page 157 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
Personal Data Protection 
In light of the large number of individuals serviced by banks, all the regulations concerning personal data 
protection are of the utmost importance to banking operations. Personal data may be processed 
exclusively in compliance with specific regulations, while applying technical and organisational means 
that ensure the protection of personal data, particularly from disclosure to any unauthorised parties. 
Additionally, the persons to whom such data relates should have the right to access all of their personal 
data and to correct it. 
The GDPR entered into force on 25 May 2018. It imposes new obligations and guidelines on companies 
in the management and processing of personal data. This means a significant change for companies in 
their approach to the security of data storage and the issue of making it available to the relevant 
employees. 
The key consequences resulting from the GDPR's implementation are as follows: 
 
the definition of personal data, including identifying the person to whom the data relates, will be 
much broader; 
 
automated processing of personal data will be permitted under certain conditions; 
 
the legal rights of individuals will be increased considerably; 
 
personal data processors, controllers and data protection officers will have many new obligations 
relating to the technical and organisational protection of personal data; and 
 
administrative fines for non-compliance with the Regulation could reach EUR 20 million or 4 
per cent. of an organisation's annual worldwide turnover. Moreover, individuals will have the 
right to judicial redress and to claim compensation in excess of the statutory fines.

--- Page 158 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
GENERAL 
Potential investors and sellers of Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay stamp taxes or 
other documentary taxes or fiscal duties or charges in accordance with the laws and practices of the 
country where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In addition, payments of interest on the 
Notes, or income derived from the Notes, may be subject to taxation, including withholding taxes, in the 
jurisdiction of the Issuer, in the jurisdiction of the holder of Notes, or in other jurisdictions in which the 
holder of Notes is required to pay taxes. Any such tax consequences may have an impact on the net 
income received from the Notes. 
Prospective investors should carefully consider the tax consequences of investing in the Notes and 
consult their own tax adviser about their own tax situation. Finally, potential investors should be 
aware that tax regulations and their application by the relevant taxation authorities change from 
time to time, with or without retroactive effect. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict the precise 
tax treatment which will apply at any given time. 
POLAND 
1. 
General Information 
The following is a discussion on certain Polish tax considerations relevant to an investor who is 
a resident of Poland, or otherwise subject to Polish taxation. This statement should not be 
understood as tax advice. It is based on Polish tax laws and their interpretation in effect as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change. Such changes may also be 
retroactive and may adversely affect the tax treatment described below. This description does not 
purport to be complete with respect to the tax information that may be relevant for investors due 
to their personal circumstances. Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their 
professional tax adviser regarding the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposal, 
sale, redemption or transfer without consideration of the Notes. The information provided below 
does not cover the tax consequences concerning income tax exemptions applicable to specific 
taxable items or specific taxpayers (e.g., domestic or foreign investment funds). References to 
"interest" and to any other terms in the paragraphs below mean "interest" or any other term, 
respectively, as understood in Polish tax law. 
2. 
Taxation of Polish tax-resident individuals (natural persons) 
Under Article 3 clause 1 of the Polish Personal Income Tax Act of 26 July 1991, as amended 
(the "PIT Act"), natural persons with their place of residence in the Republic of Poland are 
subject to tax on their worldwide income (revenues) regardless of the location of the source of 
such revenues (unlimited tax liability). Under Article 3 clause 1a of the PIT Act, a person whose 
place of residence is in the Republic of Poland means a natural person who: 
 
has his/her centre of personal or economic interests (centre of life interests) in the 
Republic of Poland; or 
 
is present in the Republic of Poland for more than 183 days in a tax year. 
Withholding tax on interest (including discount) income 
According to Article 30a. clause 1 point 2 of the PIT Act, interest income, including discounts 
from securities, derived by a natural person being a Polish tax-resident (as defined above) is 
subject to a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax. As regards details concerning payment of tax, please see 
"Tax remitter's obligations" below. 
If a natural person being Polish tax resident holds the Notes as a business asset, in principle the 
interest should not be subject to withholding tax but taxed in the same way as other business 
income. The tax, at the 19 per cent. flat rate or the progressive rate of 17 per cent. to 32 per cent., 
depending on the taxpayer choice of and certain conditions being met by the individual, should 
be settled by the individual themselves. Furthermore, business incomes are subject to 4 per cent.

--- Page 159 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
solidarity tax on the surplus of various incomes above PLN 1 million and 4.9 per cent. health 
care contribution. 
Capital gains from disposal of the Notes 
Under Article 30b clauses 1 and 5 of the PIT Act, income from a disposal of securities, including 
the Notes, for remuneration is subject to the 19 per cent. flat rate tax (with a stipulation regarding 
Notes held as a business asset – see the paragraph below). The tax should be calculated on the 
total amount of income from the disposal of securities for remuneration, i.e. including the Notes 
and other securities (if any), in the relevant tax year. In general, the income is calculated as the 
difference between the sum of revenues earned from the disposal of securities for remuneration 
and the tax-deductible costs. Furthermore, capital gains are subject to 4 per cent. solidarity tax 
on the surplus of various incomes above PLN 1m. 
In principle, if individuals hold Notes as a business asset, the income should be taxed in the same 
way as other business income. This will either be taxed at the 19 per cent. rate or the 17 per cent. 
to 32 per cent. progressive tax rate, depending on the individual's choice and certain conditions 
being met. Furthermore, business incomes are subject to 4 per cent. solidarity tax on the surplus 
of various incomes above PLN 1 million and 4.9 per cent. health care contribution. 
3. 
Taxation of a Polish tax-resident corporate income taxpayer 
Under Article 3 clause 1 of the Corporate Income Tax Act of 15 February 1992 (the "CIT Act"), 
the entire income of taxpayers who have their registered office or management in Poland is 
subject to tax in Poland, irrespective of where the income is earned (unlimited tax liability). 
The taxpayer has a management board in the territory of the Republic of Poland, inter alia, when 
the current affairs of this taxpayer are conducted in an organised and continuous manner in the 
territory of the Republic of Poland, based in particular on: 
 
an agreement, decision, court decision or other document regulating the establishment 
or functioning of this taxpayer; or 
 
granted powers of attorney; or 
 
connections within the meaning of the provisions on transfer pricing. 
The appropriate tax rate is the same as the tax rate applicable to business activity, i.e. 19 per 
cent. (save for a preferential 9 per cent. tax rate which can be applied in general by small 
taxpayers whose annual gross value of revenue from sales does not exceed EUR 2 million in a 
given tax year). 
A Polish tax resident should be subject to income tax on the Notes (both on any capital gains and 
on interest/discount) following the same principles as those that apply to any other income 
earned on capital profits (zyski kapitałowe) within this source of income. Under the CIT Act, 
income is determined separately for each relevant basket, i.e. revenues from capital gains are 
separated from revenues from other sources. Correspondingly, the tax losses are determined 
separately for each of these baskets, whereby a tax loss from one basket may not be deducted 
from the income in another basket. Within the same basket, as a rule, tax losses can be deducted 
for five tax years, in an amount not exceeding 50 per cent. of the loss in any of those years. 
Additionally, a one-off deduction of a tax loss incurred since 2019 – up to PLN 5,000,000 – is 
possible; any tax loss over that amount may be deducted according to the general rules, over a 
period of five tax years. 
As a rule, for Polish income tax purposes, interest is recognised as taxable revenue on a cash 
basis, i.e. when it is received and not when it has accrued. In respect of capital gains, the cost of 
acquiring the Notes should be recognised at the time the revenue is achieved. The CIT taxpayer 
independently (without the involvement of the tax remitter) settles tax on interest (discount) or 
gains on the Notes, which is aggregated with other income derived from capital gains derived by 
the taxpayer and attributed to this source of revenues.

--- Page 160 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
4. 
Notes held by a non-Polish tax resident individual or corporate 
Non-Polish tax residents means: 
 
natural persons, if they do not have their place of residence in the Republic of Poland 
(Article 3 clause 2a of the PIT Act); 
 
corporate income taxpayers, if they do not have their registered office or place of 
management in the Republic of Poland (Article 3 clause 2 of the CIT Act). 
If a non-Polish tax-resident receiving interest acts through a permanent establishment in Poland 
to which the interest is related, as a matter of principle it should be treated in the same manner as 
a Polish tax resident. 
Non-Polish tax-residents are subject to Polish income tax only on their income earned in the 
Republic of Poland (limited tax liability). 
Polish source income 
Under Article 3 clause 3 of the CIT Act, income (revenue) sourced in the Republic of Poland by 
non-residents includes, in particular, income (revenue) from: 
1. 
all types of activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including activity conducted 
through a foreign establishment located in the Republic of Poland; 
2. 
real property located in the Republic of Poland, or the rights to such real property, 
including the sale of all or part, of it, or the sale of any rights to such property; 
3. 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the 
Republic of Poland on the regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained 
from the sale of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting 
thereunder; 
4. 
the transfer of the ownership title to shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in 
a partnership without legal personality, or participation in an investment fund, a 
collective investment undertaking or other legal entity and rights of similar nature or 
receivables that are a consequence of the holding of those shares, rights and obligations, 
participation or rights, if at least 50 per cent. of the value of assets of this company, 
partnership, this investment fund, collective investment undertaking or legal entity 
consists, directly or indirectly, of real properties located in the Republic of Poland, or 
rights to such real properties; 
5. 
the transfer of ownership title to shares, of all rights and obligations, or participation or 
rights of similar nature in a real property company (i.e. an entity other than a natural 
person obliged to submit financial statements under Polish accounting law whose assets 
directly or indirectly consist of more than 50 per cent. of real property located in Poland 
with a value exceeding PLN 10 million and generating at least 60 per cent. of total net 
revenue from rental activity or from sale of rights in those real estate); 
6. 
the receivables settled, including receivables at the disposal of or paid out or deducted 
by natural persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, 
having their place of residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic 
of Poland, irrespective of the place of conclusion of the agreement and place of 
performance; and 
7. 
unrealised gains (i.e. the "exit tax" regime). 
Under Article 3 clause 5 of the CIT Act, the revenues listed in Article 21 clause 1 thereof, which 
include interest and discounts on the Notes, will be considered income (revenues) referred to in 
Article 3 clause 3 point 5, which means that interest and discounts on the Notes will be 
considered Polish income.

--- Page 161 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
Similar provisions are set out in Article 3 clause 2b and Article 3 clause 2d of the PIT Act. 
However, Article 3 clause 2d of the PIT Act refers only to revenues listed in Article 29 clause 1 
of the PIT Act as Polish source income, which explicitly excludes the interest mentioned in 
Article 30a clause 1 of the PIT Act. However, there is no mention of other revenues covered in 
Article 30a clause 1 of the PIT Act, such as discounts on the Notes. This may cause doubt 
whether discounts on the Notes should be considered Polish source income under the PIT Act. 
It should be noted that the list of income (revenue) sourced in Poland, as provided for in Article 
3 clause 3 of the CIT Act and Article 3 clause 2b of the PIT Act, is not exhaustive, therefore 
other income (revenues) may also be considered as sourced in Poland. 
Moreover, the current practice of Polish tax administration regarding the taxation of interest and 
discounts on the securities derived by foreign tax resident individuals shows that these revenues 
are considered as sourced in Poland. 
Withholding tax exemption 
Pursuant to Article 21 clause 1 point 130c) of the PIT Act and Article 17 clause 1 point 50c) of 
the CIT Act, tax exemptions are applicable to revenue earned by a taxpayer referred to in Article 
3 clause 2a of the PIT Act, and in Article 3 clause 2 of the CIT Act (i.e. by a non-Polish resident) 
from interest or discount on the Notes: 
(a) 
having a tenor of at least one year; or 
(b) 
admitted to trading on the regulated market or introduced to trading in the alternative 
trading system, in the meaning of the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments of 29 
July 2005 (the "Act on Trading in Financial Instruments"), within the Republic of 
Poland or within a state with which the Republic of Poland has concluded a double tax 
treaty laying down taxation rules applicable to revenues from dividends, interest and 
royalties. 
unless, at the time of obtaining the revenue, the taxpayer is an affiliate, in the meaning of Article 
23m clause 1 point 4 of the PIT Act, or Article 11a clause 1 point 4 of the CIT Act, of the Issuer 
of such Notes and holds, directly or indirectly, together with other affiliates in the meaning of 
the provisions, more than 10 per cent. of the nominal value of the Notes. 
Hence, assuming that the above withholding tax exemption conditions are met, the interest and 
discount on the Notes obtained by a non-Polish tax resident will not be taxable in Poland. 
However, if the above withholding tax exemption conditions are not met, withholding tax at 20 
per cent. under Article 21.1 of the CIT Act or at 19 per cent. under Article 30a.1 of the PIT Act 
should, in principle, apply to any interest and discount. This is subject to exemptions and 
reduced withholding tax rates under the relevant double tax treaties and in accordance with the 
withholding tax "pay & refund" mechanism applicable from 1 January 2022 to payments 
between affiliated entities (the "Pay&Refund regime"). For details of withholding tax 
settlements, please see "Tax remitter's obligations". 
5. 
Tax remitter's obligations 
Withholding tax exempt regime 
Pursuant to Article 41 clause 24 point 2) of the PIT Act, and Article 26 clause 1aa point 2) of the 
CIT Act, tax remitters are not obliged to withhold tax on interest or discounts on the Notes: 
(a) 
having a tenor of at least one year; or 
(b) 
admitted to trading on the regulated market or introduced to trading in the alternative 
trading system, in the meaning of the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, in the 
Republic of Poland, or a state with which the Republic of Poland has concluded a 
double tax treaty laying down taxation rules applicable to revenues from dividends, 
interest and royalties.

--- Page 162 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
Non-assessment of the tax occurs subject to the Issuer filing a statement with the tax authority 
that it has exercised due diligence in informing its affiliates in the meaning of Article 23m clause 
1 point 4 of the PIT Act or Article 11a clause 1 point 4 of the CIT Act about the conditions of 
the withholding tax exemption referred to in Article 21 clause 1 point 130c) of the PIT Act and 
Article 17 clause 1 point 50c) of the CIT Act, with respect to such affiliates. 
The statement must be filed once, electronically and in relation to each relevant issue of the 
Notes, no later than by the date when the interest or discount on the Notes is disbursed. 
If these conditions of the withholding tax exempt regime are not met and the exemption referred 
to in Article 21 clause 1 point 130c) of the PIT Act and Article 17 clause 1 point 50c) of the CIT 
Act is not applicable, the tax remitter (i.e. the Issuer or an entity operating securities accounts or 
omnibus accounts) is obliged to withhold tax, in general at the 19 per cent. flat rate in the case of 
personal income taxpayers, and at a 20 per cent. flat rate in the case of corporate income 
taxpayers, subject to exemptions and reduced withholding tax rates under the relevant double tax 
treaties and the Pay&Refund regime applicable to payments between affiliated entities (please 
see below). 
Tax remitter's obligations under the PIT Act where the withholding tax exempt regime and the 
withholding tax exemption are not applicable 
Under Article 41 clause 4 of the PIT Act, tax remitters are under an obligation to withhold 19 per 
cent. flat-rate income tax on the payments (benefits) made or the cash or monetary values placed 
at the taxpayer's disposal on the basis specified in Article 30a.1, including interest and discount 
on the Notes. Under Article 41 clause 4d of the PIT Act, tax on interest or discount on securities 
is withheld by entities keeping securities accounts for taxpayers, in their capacity as tax 
remitters, if the income (revenue) is earned in Poland and is associated with the securities 
registered in these accounts, and, further, if relevant payments are made to the taxpayers through 
those entities. However, a non-Polish entity operating a securities account will not withhold tax 
because under established practice foreign entities cannot act as Polish withholding tax remitters. 
Under Article 41 clause 4aa of the PIT Act, when verifying the conditions for the application of 
a reduced withholding tax rate, exemption or the conditions for non-collection of tax resulting 
from special provisions or double tax treaties, the tax remitter must exercise due diligence. When 
assessing the exercise of due diligence, the nature and scale of activity conducted by the remitter 
as well as its affiliation with the taxpayer must be taken into account. 
Furthermore, under Article 41 clause 12 of the PIT Act, in the case of qualified payments 
between affiliated entities (including interest and discount on the Notes) to a single taxpayer 
exceeding in total PLN 2 million in the relevant tax year, the Pay&Refund regime applies 
(please see "Pay&Refund regime" below). Under Article 41 clause 4da of the PIT Act, the Issuer 
is obliged to provide the securities account holder with the information on its affiliation with the 
Noteholder. 
Tax remitter's obligations under the CIT Act where the withholding tax exempt regime and the 
withholding tax exemption are not applicable 
Under Article 26 clause 1 of the CIT Act, legal persons that disburse the amounts specified in 
Article 21 clause 1 of that Act, including interest and discounts on the Notes, up to an amount 
not exceeding, in the relevant tax year, PLN 2 million in total to a single taxpayer, are obliged, 
as tax remitters, to collect, subject to clauses 2, 2b and 2d of Article 26 of the CIT Act, lump-
sum income tax on those disbursements on the day they are made. When verifying the conditions 
for the application of a withholding tax rate, exemption or the conditions for the non-collection 
of tax resulting from special provisions or double tax treaties, the remitter must exercise due 
diligence. When assessing the exercise of due diligence, the nature and scale of activity 
conducted by the remitter as well as its affiliation with the taxpayer must be taken into account. 
Under Article 26 clause 2c of the CIT Act, in the case of payments of interest on securities 
recorded in securities accounts or omnibus accounts paid out to non-Polish tax residents, the 
obligation to collect and pay withholding tax referred to in Article 26 clause 1 of the CIT Act 
applies to entities operating securities accounts or omnibus accounts, if the payment takes place

--- Page 163 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
through the intermediary of these entities. This obligation also applies to payments made to 
entities that are not Polish tax residents, but which carry out economic activity through a foreign 
establishment situated in Poland, if the account in which the securities are recorded is related to 
the activity of this establishment. 
However, a non-Polish entity operating a securities account will not be obliged to withhold 
income tax as, under established practice of Polish tax authorities, foreign entities cannot act as 
Polish withholding tax remitters. 
Under Article 26 clause 2e of the CIT Act, in the case of qualified payments between affiliated 
entities (including interest and discounts on the Notes) to a single taxpayer exceeding PLN 2 
million in total in the relevant tax year, the Pay&Refund regime applies (please see 
"Pay&Refund regime" below). Under Article 26 clause 2ca of the CIT Act, in case of making 
payment through a securities account, the Issuer is obliged to provide the securities account 
holder with the information on its affiliation with the Noteholder. 
Tax remitter obligations of entities operating omnibus accounts 
There may be specific withholding tax consequences in respect of payments to omnibus accounts 
in the meaning of the provisions of the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments (hereinafter, the 
"Omnibus Account"). Pursuant to Article 30a clause 2a of the PIT Act and Article 26 clause 2a 
of the CIT Act, with respect to income (revenues) from interest transferred to taxpayers holding 
rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been 
disclosed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, 19 
per cent. flat tax rate tax in the case of individuals, and 20 per cent. flat rate tax in the case of 
legal persons, should be withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) 
released to all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. Under Article 41 clause 10 
of the PIT Act and Article 26 clause 2b of the CIT Act, the entities operating the Omnibus 
Accounts through which the amounts due are paid are the tax remitters for securities registered 
in Omnibus Accounts. The tax is collected on the day when the amounts due are placed at the 
disposal of the Omnibus Account holder. 
Withholding tax obligations do not apply to Omnibus Accounts that do not qualify as Omnibus 
Accounts in the meaning of the Polish Act on Trading in Financial Instruments. This means that 
an Omnibus Account kept outside Poland should not, in principle, qualify as an Omnibus 
Account under the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments. Furthermore, a non-Polish entity 
operating the Omnibus Account will not be obliged to withhold the tax as, under the established 
practice of Polish tax authorities, foreign entities are not qualified as Polish withholding tax 
remitters. Therefore, non-Polish residents operating foreign Omnibus Accounts will not be 
obliged to withhold tax from interest and discount paid on securities registered in those foreign 
Omnibus Accounts, except for non-Polish resident tax remitters that conduct economic activity 
in Poland through a foreign establishment located in Poland, if the Omnibus Account in which 
the securities are registered is connected with the activity of the establishment (Article 41 clause 
10 in fine of the PIT Act and Article 26 clause 2c in fine of the CIT Act). 
Under Article 45 clause 3c of the PIT Act, individuals who are Polish tax residents are obliged to 
disclose the amount of interest (discount) on securities (including Notes) in their annual tax 
returns if the Notes were registered in an Omnibus Account and the taxpayer's identity was not 
disclosed to the tax remitter. 
Gross-up contractual obligation 
Please note that in line with Condition  8 (Taxation) if a withholding or deduction of tax is 
required by law, the Issuer must pay additional amounts as necessary for the net amounts 
received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction is equal to 
the respective amounts of principal and interest that the holder of the Notes or Coupons would 
have received had no such withholding or deduction been required.

--- Page 164 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
Obligations of the Noteholders if tax is not withheld by a tax remitter 
Under Article 45 clause 3b of the PIT Act, an individual being a Polish tax resident must 
disclose tax in their annual tax return if this tax was not withheld by the tax remitter. This means 
that the individual being a Polish tax resident must settle tax themselves in cases where the tax 
remitter was not obliged to do so (a contrario to Article 30 paragraph 4 of the Tax Ordinance 
Act of 29 August 1997, as amended (the "Tax Ordinance")). Under Article 45 clause 1 of the 
PIT Act, the annual tax return should be filed by 30 April of the following year. Although there 
is no equivalent provision in the CIT Act, corporate income taxpayers should also settle income 
tax on their own if the tax remitter was not obliged to withhold tax, i.e. pay advances towards 
income tax on a monthly basis and then settle tax in their annual tax return. Under Article 25 
clause 1a of the CIT Act, monthly advances should be paid by the 20th day of the following 
month, while under Article 27 clause 1 of the CIT Act, the annual tax return should be filed by 
the end of the third month of the following tax year. 
The obligation to settle tax is transferred to the holder of the Notes, including if the tax was not 
withheld by the tax remitter due to applying the withholding tax exempt regime (Article 41 
clause 24 point 2) of the PIT Act and Article 26 clause 1aa point 2) of the CIT Act, but where 
the holder of the Notes, as an affiliate of the Issuer in the meaning of the PIT Act and the CIT 
Act, holds, directly or indirectly, separately or together with other affiliates, more than 10 per 
cent. of the nominal value of the Notes at the time when the income is derived. 
Pay&Refund regime 
Under Article 41 clause 12 of the PIT Act and Article 26 clause 2e of the CIT Act which 
regulate the Pay&Refund regime, generally, if the total amount of payments between affiliated 
entities to a single taxpayer in the relevant tax year (subject to any withholding tax provided for 
in Polish tax regulations) exceeds PLN 2 million, then tax remitters will be obliged to collect 
withholding tax on the disbursements on the day they are made, at the standard Polish rates (i.e. 
19 per cent. in the case of individuals, or 20 per cent. in the case of legal persons) applicable to 
interest on the surplus over PLN 2 million without the possibility of not collecting the tax under 
the relevant double tax treaty, and without taking into account the exemptions or reduced rates as 
determined under special provisions or double tax treaties. In such a case, the taxpayer or the tax 
remitter (if the tax remitter paid the withholding tax from its own funds and it bore the economic 
burden of withholding tax) may claim a withholding tax refund. Under special provisions, 
withholding tax may not be collected or a reduced tax rate may be applied by the tax remitter if it 
specifically states that: (i) it holds all the documents necessary to apply a withholding tax 
exemption/reduced tax rate (including the certificate of tax residence and a statement of 
beneficiary owner status); and (ii) after verification, it is not aware of any obstacles to the 
application of a withholding tax exemption/reduced tax rate (meaning basically, that the 
recipient passes the beneficial ownership test).  
Beneficial owner means an entity that meets both the conditions (i) and (ii) above, and: 
 
receives an amount due for its own benefit; freely decides on the designation thereof 
and bears the economic risk associated with the loss of such amount due or part thereof; 
 
is not an intermediary, representative, trustee or other entity obliged to transfer the 
amount due, or any part thereof, to another entity; and 
 
conducts genuine economic activity in the country of its registered office, which is 
examined with reference to the nature and scale of activities carried out by this entity in 
terms of the received receivables. 
Although the definition of the beneficial owner does not refer to Article 30f clause 20 of the PIT 
Act and article 24a clause 18 of the CIT Act those are the only places where genuine economic 
activity is defined. Therefore, it cannot be ruled out that factors listed there will be taken into 
account by the tax authorities in determining beneficial ownership status. Those factors include: 
 
that the economic activity carried out by the taxpayer is performed through an existing 
(i).
enterprise that actually performs activities constituting an economic activity; in

--- Page 165 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
particular, it possesses premises, qualified personnel and equipment used for 
performing economic activity; 
 
that the taxpayer does not create artificial arrangement without a connection with any 
(i).
economic activity; 
 
that the taxpayer's actual premises, its personnel or equipment correspond to the scope 
(ii).
of its actual economic activity; 
 
that the agreements concluded by the taxpayer are realistic in economic terms, they 
(iii).
have economic justification and they are not noticeably contrary to the general 
economic interest of the taxpayer; and 
 
the taxpayer carries out its economic functions independently, using its own resources, 
(iv).
including managers who are present in the country of the taxpayer's tax residency. 
For the purpose of this Section (Taxation): 
''Affiliated entities'' shall mean: 
 
entities of which one entity exercises a significant influence on at least one other entity; 
(i).
or 
 
entities on which a significant influence is exercised by: (i) the same other entity or (ii) 
(ii).
the spouse or a relative by consanguinity or affinity up to the second degree of a natural 
person exercising a significant influence on at least one entity; or 
 
a partnership without legal personality and its partners (partner); or 
(iii).
 
limited partnerships and limited joint-stock partnerships with their registered office or 
(iv).
management in the territory of the Republic of Poland and its general partner; or 
 
specific general partnerships with their registered office or management in the territory 
(v).
of the Republic of Poland and its partner; or 
 
a taxable person and their foreign establishment, and in the case of a tax capital group - 
(vi).
a company which is part of that tax capital group and its foreign establishment. 
"The exercise of a significant influence" shall mean holding directly or indirectly at least 25 
per cent. of: 
 
shares in the capital or 
(i).
 
voting rights in the supervisory, decision-making or managing bodies; or 
(ii).
 
shares in or rights to participate in the profits, losses or the property or their expectative 
(iii).
of such shares or rights, including participation units and investment certificates; or 
 
the actual ability of a natural person to influence key economic decisions taken by a 
(iv).
legal person or an organisational unit without legal personality; or 
 
being the spouse or a relative by consanguinity or by affinity up to the second degree. 
(v).
6. 
Tax remitter's liability 
Under Article 30 paragraph 1 of the Tax Ordinance, a tax remitter that has not performed its 
obligation to calculate and withhold tax from a taxpayer, or to transfer the appropriate amount of 
tax to the relevant tax office, is liable for tax not withheld, or tax withheld but not transferred to 
the relevant tax office. The remitter is liable for those obligations with all of its assets. Under 
Article 30 paragraph 5 of the Tax Ordinance, the provisions on the tax remitter's liability do not 
apply if separate provisions provide otherwise, or if the tax has not been withheld through the 
taxpayer's fault (save for particular cases set out in of Article 30 paragraph 5a of the Tax 
Ordinance).

--- Page 166 ---
- 166 - 
 
 
7. 
Civil Law Activities Tax 
Neither an issue of Notes nor the redemption of Notes is subject to the civil law activities tax 
(the "CLAT"). 
Under Article 1 clause 1 point 1) a) of the Act on the Civil Law Activities Tax of 9 September 
2000 (the "CLAT Act"), agreements for the sale or exchange of assets or proprietary rights are 
subject to civil law activities tax. The Notes should be considered as representing proprietary 
rights. Transactions are taxable if the following are the subject thereof: 
 
assets located in Poland or proprietary rights exercisable in Poland; 
 
assets located abroad or proprietary rights exercisable abroad if the acquirer's place of 
residence or registered office is located in Poland and the civil law transaction was 
concluded in Poland. 
Although this is not clearly addressed in the law, in principle the Notes should be considered 
rights exercisable in Poland. 
The CLAT on the sale of the Notes (which, as a rule, are considered rights) is 1 per cent. of their 
market value and is payable by the purchaser within 14 days after the sale agreement is 
concluded. If an exchange agreement is concluded, the CLAT is payable jointly and severally by 
both parties to the agreement. However, if any agreement is entered into in notarial form, the 
CLAT due should be withheld and paid by the notary public. 
However, under Article 9 clause 9 of the CLAT Act, a CLAT exemption applies to the sale of 
proprietary rights that are financial instruments (including the Notes): 
 
to investment firms or foreign investment firms; 
(i).
 
through the intermediary of investment firms or foreign investment firms; 
(ii).
 
in organised trading; or 
(iii).
 
outside organised trading by investment firms or foreign investment firms if the 
(iv).
proprietary rights were acquired by those firms in organised trading, 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments. 
8. 
European Union Directives on Administrative Co-operation in the Field of Taxation and 
the Taxation of Savings Income 
The EU adopted Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU, 
on administrative co-operation in the field of taxation and repealing Council Directive 
2003/48/EC, regarding the taxation of savings income. From 1 July 2005, Member States have 
been required to provide to the tax authorities of other Member States details of payments of 
interest or other similar income paid by a person to an individual resident in another Member 
State. A number of non-EU countries and territories (referred to in that Directive) adopted 
equivalent measures from the same date. 
Notwithstanding the repeal of Council Directive 2003/48/EC (as amended by Directive 
204/48/EU), equivalent measures continue to apply in Poland pursuant to the Act on the 
Exchange of Tax Information with other countries of 9 March 2017.  
9. 
FATCA  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or 
related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Poland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which

--- Page 167 ---
- 167 - 
 
 
modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as 
currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be 
required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of 
the application of the FATCA provisions 180 and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to 1 January 
2019 and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and 
have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six 
months after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are 
published generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date. However, if additional notes (as described under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes — Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued 
Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding 
under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to 
the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Noteholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Notes.

--- Page 168 ---
- 168 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (such programme agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Programme Agreement") dated 6 April 2022, 
agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and 
"Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers 
for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme 
and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities 
incurred by them in connection therewith. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
Each Dealer has severally represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that it will not, directly or indirectly, purchase, offer, sell or deliver 
any Notes or distribute or publish any Base Prospectus, offering circular, form of application, 
advertisement or other document or information, in any country or jurisdiction in respect of any Notes 
except in circumstances that will, to the best of its knowledge and belief, result in compliance in all 
material respects with any applicable securities laws and regulations. 
Without prejudice to the generality of the above paragraph, each Dealer has agreed and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it will obtain any consent, approval 
or permission which is, to the best of its knowledge and belief, required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject 
or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries.  
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.  
If, in respect of any offering of Notes, the offer of such Notes in a given jurisdiction is required to be 
made by a licensed broker or dealer and if any Dealer or any affiliate of any Dealer involved in such 
offering is so licensed and so agrees, the offer of such Notes in such jurisdiction shall be deemed to be 
made by the relevant Dealer(s) or affiliate(s), as the case may be, on behalf of the Issuer.  
The United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons, except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in the preceding 
sentence have the meaning given to them by Regulation S. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them 
by the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the "Code") and regulations 
thereunder. The Final Terms of the Notes will identify whether the TEFRA D or TEFRA C applies or 
whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that, except as permitted by the applicable programme agreement, and as described below, it will not 
offer, sell or deliver the Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time, or (ii) otherwise until forty days 
after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Series, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it 
sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of 
U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meaning given to them by Regulation S.

--- Page 169 ---
- 169 - 
 
 
In addition, until forty days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Series, any 
offer or sale of Notes of such Series within the United States by a Dealer that is not participating in the 
offering may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each purchaser of Notes sold outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and each subsequent 
purchaser of such Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, by 
accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Notes, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and 
acknowledged that: 
(i) 
It is, or at the time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and (a) it is 
not a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of Regulation 
S), and (b) it is not an affiliate of the Bank or a person acting on behalf of such an affiliate. 
(ii) 
It understands that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
and that, prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, it will not offer, sell, 
pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes except in an offshore transaction in accordance with 
Rule 903 or Rule 905 of Regulation S, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any 
State of the United States. 
(iii) 
It understands that such Notes, unless otherwise determined by the Bank in accordance with 
applicable law, will bear a legend in or substantially in the following form: 
"THIS INSTRUMENT HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") AND MAY 
NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE 
UNITED STATES EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT." 
(iv) 
It understands that the Bank, the relevant Dealer(s) and their affiliates, and others will rely upon 
the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. 
Furthermore, each Series of Notes will also be subject to such further United States selling 
restrictions as the Bank and the relevant Dealer or Dealers may agree and as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For the purposes of this provision: 
The expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
(i).
amended ("MiFID II"); or 
 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
(ii).
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
(iii).
Regulation"), and

--- Page 170 ---
- 170 - 
 
 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
(i).
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
(ii).
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or  
 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(iii).
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
No deposit taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year:  
 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
(i).
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons:  
(ii).
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not, or in 
the case of the Issuer would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 171 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
Republic of Italy 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, the offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian 
securities legislation or with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant 
to Italian securities legislation. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies 
of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of 
Italy (in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and 
regulations), except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any application provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the "Financial Services Act") and CONSOB; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 
1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (i) and (ii) above must be: 
(c) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993 (the "Italian Banking Act") (in each case as amended from time to time) and 
any other applicable laws and regulations; and 
(d) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations (including article 100 bis of the 
Italian Financial Services Act, where applicable) imposed by the Bank of Italy (including the 
reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act and 
the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) or requirements 
imposed by CONSOB or any other Italian authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in the Republic of Italy 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Notes in the Republic of Italy, the 
Prospectus Regulation and Financial Services Act may require compliance with the law relating to public 
offers of securities. Furthermore, Article 100-bis of Financial Services Act provides that where the Notes 
are placed solely with "qualified investors" and are then systematically resold on the secondary market at 
any time in the 12 months following such placing, purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the 
course of their business or profession may in certain circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase 
void and, in addition, to claim damages from any authorised person at whose premises the Notes were 
purchased, unless an exemption provided for under the Prospectus Regulation or Financial Services Act 
applies. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations in force 
regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of the Base 
Prospectus, the Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted, 
acknowledged and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, 
nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection

--- Page 172 ---
- 172 - 
 
 
with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A 
of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended 
from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in 
Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 
275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of which is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
(i).
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(ii).
 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iii).
 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(iv).
 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
(v).
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and CMP Regulations 2018, the 
Issuer has, unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, determined the classification of all Notes 
to be issued under the Programme as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
Information for the Affiliated Entities (as defined below) of the Issuer 
In order to comply with the obligation to act with due care, as referred to in Article 41 section 25 of the 
PIT Act and Article 26 section 1ab of the CIT Act, the Issuer informs the Noteholders being the Affiliated 
Entities (as defined below) that the exemption from income tax pursuant to Article 21 section 1 point 
130c) of the PIT Act and Article 17 section 1 point 50c) of the CIT Act applies to income from interest, 
whereby the note generating the income: 
(a) 
has a maturity of not less than one year; 
(b) 
has been admitted to trading on a regulated market or introduced to an alternative trading 
system, within the meaning of the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, in the Republic of 
Poland or in a state that is a party to a double taxation treaty concluded with the Republic of 
Poland, the provisions of which set out the principles of taxing income from dividends, interest 
and royalties; and 
(c) 
in the event that the income is earned by a taxpayer referred to in Article 3 section 2a of the PIT 
Act, or Article 3 section 2 of the CIT Act, who, at the moment of generating income, is an 
affiliated entity within the meaning of Article 23m section 1 point 4 of the PIT Act, or within the 
meaning of Article 11a section 1 point 4 of the CIT Act (the "Affiliated Entities") with the

--- Page 173 ---
- 173 - 
 
 
issuer of the bonds, then that taxpayer may not hold, directly or indirectly, together with other 
affiliated entities within the meaning of these regulations, more than 10 per cent. of the nominal 
value of these bonds. 
In view of point  (c) above, the Issuer informs the Noteholders being the Affiliated Entities that they must 
not acquire more than 10 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes (the "Obligation"). The Obligation 
applies to Notes issued under the Programme. The Issuer informs the Noteholders being the Affiliated 
Entities that in the event the Affiliated Entity fails to comply with the Obligation, they may expect to lose 
the tax exemption referred to in Article 41 section 25 of the PIT Act and Article 26 section 1ab of the CIT 
Act.

--- Page 174 ---
- 174 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Management Board 
of the Issuer dated 19 January 2022 and a resolution of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer dated 28 
January 2022. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection (or from the date of subsequent publication 
(as the case may be)) will be available at the Issuer's website https://www.bankmillennium.pl/en/about-
the-bank/investor-relations:  
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and the most 
recently published unaudited semi-annual financial statements (if any) of the Issuer (in each 
case, with an English translation thereof), together with any audit or review reports prepared in 
connection therewith; and 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons. 
For at least ten years from the date of this Base Prospectus, this Base Prospectus and a copy of any 
document containing the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained 
from the Issuer's website https://www.bankmillennium.pl/en/about-the-bank/investor-relations. For the 
avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on the Bank's website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records. The appropriate Common Code, ISIN, FISN and CFI code 
for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to be cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system, 
the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of 
such Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the 
Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to 
maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer or the 
Group nor has there been any significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the 
Issuer or the Group, since 31 December 2021.

--- Page 175 ---
- 175 - 
 
 
Borrowing and Funding Structure 
There has been no material change in the Issuer's borrowing and funding structure since 31 December 
2021.  
Litigation 
There are not and have not been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the 
date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in such period a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Auditors 
Deloitte Audyt spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp. k. with its registered office in Warsaw at al. 
Jana Pawła II 22, 00-133 Warsaw, Poland, audited the consolidated financial statements of the Group for 
the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 and issued unqualified auditor’s opinions on 
the aforementioned financial statements. 
Deloitte Audyt spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp. k. is registered in the register of auditors 
held by the Polish Chamber of Statutory Auditors (Polska Izba Biegłych Rewidentów) under no. 73. On 
behalf of Deloitte Audyt spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp. k., the consolidated financial 
statements of the Group for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 were audited by 
Dorota Snarska-Kuman (certified auditor, licence no. 9667). 
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer, and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of 
the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship 
with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including, potentially, the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers 
and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to 
clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Credit Ratings 
In accordance with Fitch’s ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on Fitch’s 
website, a long-term rating of "BBB" indicates that expectations of default risk are currently low. The 
capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered adequate, but adverse business or economic 
conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. 
In accordance with Moody's rating definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on Moody’s 
website, obligations rated "Baa" are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as 
such may possess certain speculative characteristics.

--- Page 176 ---
- 176 - 
 
 
  
ISSUER
Bank Millennium S.A. 
ul. Stanisława Żaryna 2A 
02-593 Warsaw 
Poland 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
DEALERS
BNP Paribas 
16, Boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Am Belvedere 1 
A-1100 Vienna 
Austria 
 
Millennium BCP 
Tagus Park 
Avenida Prof Dr Cavaco Silva 
Edificio 2, Nº30 
Piso 2A 
2740-256 Porto Salvo 
Portugal 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
ISSUE AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA 
69 route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
AUDITOR 
Deloitte Audyt 
spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością spółka komandytowa 
al. Jana Pawła II 22 
00-133 Warsaw 
Poland 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
To the Issuer as to Polish law 
Allen & Overy LLP  
One Bishops Square  
London E1 6AD  
United Kingdom 
Allen & Overy, A. Pędzich sp. k. 
ul. Grzybowska 56 
00-844 Warsaw 
Poland 
 
To the Arranger and Dealers as to English law 
To the Arranger and Dealers as to Polish law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Clifford Chance 
Janicka, Krużewski, Namiotkiewicz i wspólnicy Sp.k 
Norway House 
ul. Lwowska 19 
00-660 Warsaw 
Poland