--- Page 1 ---
BANK GOSPODARSTWA KRAJOWEGO 
(state bank incorporated under the laws of Poland) 
Guaranteed, in respect of Guaranteed Notes (as defined herein) only, by 
The State Treasury of the Republic of Poland 
€15,000,000,000 
Medium Term Note Programme 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for notes (the “Notes”) issued under the 
Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this Offering Circular to be admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. This Offering Circular constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Luxembourg law on prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (the “Luxembourg Law”). The Offering 
Circular can only be used for purposes for which it has been published. 
This Offering Circular has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the “CSSF”), which is the Luxembourg competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”) and the Luxembourg Law, as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the 
Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Notes that are not 
specified in the relevant Final Terms to have the benefit of a Guarantee of the Notes (as defined below) issued 
under the Programme during the period of twelve months after the date hereof. The CSSF has neither reviewed 
nor approved any information contained in this Offering Circular or incorporated by reference relating to the 
Notes that are specified in the relevant Final Terms to have the benefit of a Guarantee of the Notes 
(the “Guaranteed Notes”). In respect of Notes that are not specified in the relevant Final Terms to have the 
benefit of a Guarantee of the Notes, the CSSF has only approved this Offering Circular as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego (the “Issuer” or “BGK”) nor as 
an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Offering Circular. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. By approving this Offering Circular, the 
CSSF shall give no undertaking as to the economic or financial soundness of the transaction or the quality and 
solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law. The CSSF has neither 
reviewed nor approved any information contained in this Offering Circular relating to the Notes with respect an 
offering of the Notes to the public. 
This Offering Circular is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval and shall expire on 8 
May 2024, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, 
following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the 
information included (including incorporated by reference) in this Offering Circular which may affect the 
assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Offering Circular will expire and the obligation to supplement this 
Offering Circular in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no 
longer apply. Applications have been made for such Notes to be admitted during the period of twelve months 
after the date hereof to listing on the official list and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock. The regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended) (“MiFID II”). 
This Offering Circular constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation in respect of Notes that are not specified in the relevant Final Terms to have the benefit of a

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
Guarantee of the Notes. This Offering Circular constitutes a prospectus for the purpose of Part III, chapter 2 of 
the Luxembourg law on prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 in respect of the Guaranteed Notes.  
Each Tranche of Guaranteed Notes will have the benefit of a guarantee (the “Guarantee of the Notes”) 
provided by the State Treasury of the Republic of Poland (the “Guarantor”). Each Tranche of Guaranteed 
Notes is subject to a separate Guarantee, substantially in the form set out in this Offering Circular, although each 
Guarantee of the Notes will need to be authorised and/or approved by the State Treasury of the Republic of 
Poland on an issue by issue basis. Each Guarantee of the Notes will be limited to 140 per cent. of the principal 
value of the relevant Tranche of Guaranteed Notes. Each Guarantee of the Notes will cover only the payment of 
the principal value of the relevant Tranche of Guaranteed Notes and accrued interest. A Guarantee of the Notes 
will not cover any default interest under such Notes or the Issuer’s liability under related indemnities, including 
the currency indemnity. Additionally, the period of the effectiveness of each Guarantee of the Notes will be 
limited such that each Guarantee of the Notes will expire on the day falling six months after the maturity date of 
the relevant Tranche of Guaranteed Notes. A claim brought by a Noteholder after the expiration of the relevant 
Guarantee of the Notes will not be satisfied under that Guarantee of the Notes. 
Notes other than Guaranteed Notes will not have the benefit of any Guarantee of the Notes. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer 
may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) will initially be in the form of either a temporary global 
note in bearer form (the “Temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form (the 
“Permanent Global Note”) in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note 
or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a “Global Note”) which is not intended to be issued in 
new global note (“NGN”) form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”) and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued 
in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. An 
overview of the provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and 
Definitive Notes (as defined herein) are described in “Forms of the Notes”. 
Each Tranche of Notes in registered form (“Registered Notes”) which are sold in an “offshore transaction” 
within the meaning of Regulation S (“Regulation S”) under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities 
Act”) (“Unrestricted Notes”), will initially be represented by an unrestricted global registered note (the 
“Unrestricted Global Registered Note”) and will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held 
under the new safekeeping structure (“New Safekeeping Structure” or “NSS”), registered in the name of a 
common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and the relevant Unrestricted Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant 
Unrestricted Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the 
Notes with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Registered Notes which are sold in the United States to “qualified institutional buyers” (“QIBs”) within the 
meaning of Rule 144A (“Rule 144A”) under the Securities Act (“Restricted Notes”) will initially be 
represented by one or more restricted global registered notes (each, a “Restricted Global Registered Note” and 
together with the Unrestricted Global Registered Note, the “Global Registered Notes”), which will be 
deposited on the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with (a) and registered in the name of a common 
depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (in the case of a Note which is not to 
be held under the NSS), (b) and registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (in the case of a Note to be held under the NSS) or (c) a custodian for, and 
registered in the name of, Cede & Co. as nominee for, The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”). An overview 
of the provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Registered Notes for other Global Registered 
Notes and Individual Note Certificates are described in “Forms of the Notes”. 
The Notes (and the Guarantee of the Notes, if applicable) have not been, and will not be, registered under the 
Securities Act, and Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
Notes may not be offered or sold (or, in the case of Bearer Notes, delivered) within the United States or (for 
Notes that are not Guaranteed Notes) to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. The Notes may be 
offered and sold (a) in bearer form or registered form outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S and 
(b) if agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers in relation to the relevant Series of Notes, in registered 
form within the United States, to persons who are QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A. Prospective purchasers who 
are QIBs are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of 
Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. For a description of these and certain further restrictions 
on offers, sales and transfers of Notes and distribution of this Offering Circular or any Final Terms or any other 
offering materials relating to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale” and “Transfer Restrictions” below. The 
Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any 
State securities commission in the United States or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor has any 
the foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Notes or confirmed the 
accuracy or adequacy of the information contained in this Offering Circular. Any representation to the contrary 
is a criminal offence in the United States. 
Arranger 
 
ING 
 
Dealers  
BANK PEKAO S.A. 
BNP PARIBAS 
CITIGROUP 
COMMERZBANK 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
HSBC 
ING 
J.P. MORGAN 
SANTANDER 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE  
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
8 May 2023

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
NOTICE TO INVESTORS ................................................................................................................... 5 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION ......................................................................................................... 11 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................... 12 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 18 
ENFORCEABILITY OF JUDGMENTS ........................................................................................... 40 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS .......................................................................................... 43 
STABILISATION ................................................................................................................................ 44 
RATINGS ............................................................................................................................................. 45 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................... 47 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................................... 51 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .............................................................................. 59 
FORM OF GUARANTEE OF THE NOTES .................................................................................... 91 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................ 98 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM ................................................................................................................................................. 111 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................ 114 
CAPITALIZATION AND INDEBTEDNESS ................................................................................. 115 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER AND OVERVIEW OF THE 
GROUP’S FINANCIAL CONDITION ........................................................................................... 116 
OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW .................................................................................. 119 
SELECTED STATISTICAL AND OTHER INFORMATION ..................................................... 143 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................................................. 154 
RISK MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................................... 192 
MANAGEMENT AND GOVERNANCE ........................................................................................ 202 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS ........................................................................................... 211 
REGULATORY OVERVIEW ......................................................................................................... 212 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR ....................................................................................... 216 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT .................................................................................................. 217 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................ 222 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .......................................................................................................... 246 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ......................................................................................................... 252 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................... 254

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
NOTICE TO INVESTORS 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Circular and any Final 
Terms and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Offering 
Circular is, in accordance with the facts and the Offering Circular makes no omission likely to affect 
its import. 
This Offering Circular should be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements 
hereto and with any other documents incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche 
(as defined herein) of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms (as 
defined herein). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Offering Circular or any other document entered into in relation to the 
Programme and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates, 
and none of the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty or 
accepts any responsibility, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this 
Offering Circular or any responsibility for any acts or omissions of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any 
other person in connection with the issue and offering of any Notes under the Programme. Neither the 
delivery of this Offering Circular or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note 
shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Offering 
Circular is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Offering Circular has been 
most recently amended or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to 
involve any adverse change, in the condition (financial, economic, political or otherwise) of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Offering Circular has been 
most recently amended or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in 
the document containing the same. 
Notice to Prospective Investors 
The distribution of this Offering Circular and Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Offering 
Circular or the Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Offering Circular or the Final Terms and other 
offering material relating to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. In particular, the Notes (and the 
Guarantee of the Notes, if applicable) have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities 
Act, and Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the 
Notes may not be offered or sold (or, in the case of Bearer Notes, delivered) within the United States 
or (for Notes that are not Guaranteed Notes) to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – A determination will be made in 
relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID product governance rules under EU 
Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing 
for any Notes may be a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – A determination will be made 
in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set 
out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
other than Guaranteed Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
(“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS –If the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes other than Guaranteed Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of the domestic law 
of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
The amount of interest payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one of 
EURIBOR or WIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Offering 
Circular, i.e., 8 May 2023, the administrators of EURIBOR and WIBOR are included in ESMA’s 
register of administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks 
Regulation”).

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SFA – In connection 
with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (the 
“SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the 
“CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that 
the Notes issued under the Programme are “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the 
CMP Regulations 2018) and “Excluded Investment Products” (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Neither this Offering Circular nor the Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for 
or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Offering Circular or the Final Terms 
should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Offering Circular or the Final 
Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition of the Issuer. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme 
will not exceed €15,000,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency 
shall be translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance 
with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement)). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes 
which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, 
subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
Notice to Canadian Investors 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that 
are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or 
subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National 
Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any 
resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.  
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with 
remedies for rescission or damages if this Offering Circular (including any amendment thereto) 
contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by 
the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province 
or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the 
purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.  
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the 
government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 
Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure 
requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
Presentation of Financial Information 
This Offering Circular incorporates by reference BGK’s consolidated financial statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2022 (the “2022 Consolidated Financial Statements”), BGK’s consolidated 
financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (the “2021 Consolidated 
Financial Statements”), BGK’s consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 (the “2020 Consolidated Financial Statements”), BGK’s standalone financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the “2022 Standalone Financial Statements”), 
BGK’s standalone financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (the “2021 
Standalone Financial Statements”) and BGK’s standalone financial statements for the financial year 
ended 30 December 2020 (the “2020 Standalone Financial Statements”), all of which have been 
audited by Małgorzata Pek-Kocik, statutory auditor, member of the National Chamber of Statutory

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
Auditors (Polska Izba Biegłych Rewidentów), licence no. 13070, acting on behalf of Mazars Audyt 
spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością with its registered office in Warsaw at ul. Piękna 18, 00-549 
Warsaw, an entity authorised to audit financial statements entered on the list kept by the National 
Chamber of Statutory Auditors (Polska Izba Biegłych Rewidentów) under no. 186 and Mazars Audyt 
spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością have rendered unqualified audit reports on these standalone 
and consolidated financial statements of the Issuer. 
Information on the financial position and profit and loss of cash-flow funds included in the Standalone 
Financial Statements of BGK and this Offering Circular has not been reviewed or audited by an 
independent auditor. 
The 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements, 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, 2020 
Consolidated Financial Statements, 2022 Standalone Financial Statements, 2021 Standalone Financial 
Statements and 2020 Standalone Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the 
standards and interpretations adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board, approved for 
use by the European Union and published as regulations in the Official Journal of the European 
Union, which comprise: (i) International Financial Reporting Standards, (ii) International Accounting 
Standards, (iii) Interpretations adopted by the International Financial Reporting Interpretations 
Committee (IFRIC) or by the Standing Interpretations Committee (SIC) (jointly “IFRS”). 
Presentation of financial information in accordance with IFRS requires the management to make 
various estimates and assumptions which may have an impact on the values shown in the financial 
statements and notes thereto. The actual values may differ from such assumptions.  
The Offering Circular contains certain data, which BGK considers to be alternative performance 
measures (“APMs”) for the purposes of the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures. 
These measures are not financial measures calculated in accordance with IFRS because they are not 
defined in IFRS and may not be permitted to appear on the face of primary financial statements or 
footnotes thereto. APMs contained in this Offering Circular have not been audited or reviewed by the 
independent auditor. The APMs are not measurements of BGK’s operating performance under IFRS 
and should not be considered as alternatives to any measures of performance under IFRS.  
The APMs used in this Offering Circular are defined as follows: 
APM 
Definition 
Income from banking activities (in PLN 
million) 
The sum of net interest (including net modification gain/loss) 
and commission income, net gain/loss on financial 
instruments at fair value through profit or loss and net 
exchange differences, net gain/loss on investments in 
financial assets and derecognition of assets.  
Cost to Income (C/I) ratio on core activities 
Calculated by dividing administrative expenses by income 
from banking activities 
Cost to Income (C/I) ratio including other 
operating income and expenses 
Calculated by dividing administrative expenses by income 
from banking activities and other operating income and 
expenses. 
Return on assets (ROA) 
Calculated by dividing net profit by average assets in the 
period. The average assets are calculated on the basis of the 
balances as at the end of each month. 
Return on equity (ROE) 
Calculated by dividing net profit by average equity in the 
period. The average equity is calculated on the basis of the 
balances as at the end of each month. 
 
Net interest margin 
Calculated by dividing net interest income by average assets 
in the period. The average assets are calculated on the basis of 
the balances as at the end of each month. 
Source: BGK

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on this information and should note that such 
measures may differ materially from similarly titled financial measures reported by other entities, 
including other development banks. Investors are encouraged to evaluate any adjustments to IFRS 
measures and the reasons BGK considers them appropriate for supplemental analysis. Because of 
these limitations, as well as further limitations discussed above, the non-IFRS measures presented 
should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for performance measures calculated in 
accordance with IFRS. BGK compensates for these limitations by relying primarily on its results 
calculated in accordance with IFRS and using non-IFRS measures only supplementally. For more 
information regarding the APMs, see “Selected Financial Information – Alternative Performance 
Measures.” 
Industry, Economic and Market Data and Statements Regarding Competitive Position 
The Issuer confirms, in relation to information in this Offering Circular which was sourced from a 
third party, this information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and 
is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Where third-party information has 
been sourced in this Offering Circular, the source of such information has been identified. 
Market and economic publications, surveys and forecasts generally state that the information 
contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. BGK believes that these 
publications, surveys and forecasts are reliable, but neither BGK nor the Guarantor have 
independently verified them, or make any representation or warranty as to or their accuracy or 
completeness. To the extent these publications, surveys and forecasts are accurate and complete, BGK 
believes it has correctly extracted and reproduced the information from such sources. Additionally, 
market and economic publications generally state that the information contained therein has been 
obtained from sources believed to be reliable but that the accuracy and completeness of such 
information is not guaranteed and in some instances state that they do not assume liability for such 
information. BGK therefore cannot assure you of the accuracy and completeness of such information 
and has not independently verified such information. 
In addition, in many cases, statements in this Offering Circular regarding market and economic data 
are based on BGK’s experience and its own investigation of market conditions. In particular, any 
expression indicating an “opinion”, “belief”, “assessment” or “view” of BGK or any similar 
expression regarding the Group's business or its competitive position is based on the knowledge of the 
market in which the Group operates, experience or BGK’s assessment of market conditions. 
While BGK is not aware of any misstatements regarding the market and economic data presented 
herein, its estimates involve certain assumptions, risks and uncertainties and are subject to change 
based on various factors, including those discussed under the section “Risk Factors” in this Offering 
Circular. Neither BGK nor the Guarantor can assure you that any of these statements are accurate or 
correctly reflect its position in the industry, and none of its internal surveys or information has been 
verified by any independent sources, and BGK cannot guarantee their accuracy. 
Neither BGK nor the Guarantor intend, nor are they required to update the data presented herein, save 
for the obligations arising under the provisions of applicable law. 
Exchange Rate Information 
In this Offering Circular, unless otherwise specified, references to “U.S.$”, “U.S. dollars” or “USD” 
are to United States dollars, references to “EUR”, “€” or “euro” are to the single currency introduced 
at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union, and as defined in Article 2 
of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of May 3, 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended 
and references to “złoty” or “PLN” are to Polish złoty. Translations of amounts from złoty to U.S. 
dollars or euro are solely for the convenience of the reader and, unless otherwise stated, are made at 
year end exchange rates. No representation is made that złoty, U.S. dollar or euro amounts referred to 
herein could have been or could be converted into U.S. dollar, euro or złoty, as the case may be, at

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
any particular rate at all. The National Bank of Poland’s (the “NBP”) foreign exchange rate for U.S. 
dollars on 4 May 2023 was PLN 4,1547 = USD 1, whilst the NBP’s foreign exchange rate for euro on 
the same day was PLN 4,5868= EUR 1. 
Annual Information 
Unless otherwise stated, all annual information, including budgetary information, is based on calendar 
years. 
Functional and Presentation Currency 
PLN is the functional currency (the currency of the primary economic environment where the Group 
operates) of BGK and other entities presented in financial statements, except for Fundusz Ekspansji 
Zagranicznej FIZ AN and the Three Seas Initiative Investment Fund. 
EUR is the functional and presentation currency of Fundusz Ekspansji Zagranicznej FIZ AN and its 
investments in Esotiq Germany GmbH, UAB EMP Recycling, ASM Germany GmbH, Recat GmbH, 
G+M GmbH and the Three Seas Initiative Investment Fund. USD is the functional and presentation 
currency of Fundusz Ekspansji Zagranicznej FIZ AN’s investment in Elemental USA Inc. and 
Netguru LLC.  
Rounding and Negative Amounts 
In this Offering Circular, where information is presented in millions, amounts of less than one million 
have been rounded unless otherwise specified. In addition, where information is presented in billions, 
amounts of less than one billion have been rounded. Percentages have been rounded to the nearest per 
cent., one-tenth of 1 per cent. or one-hundredth of 1 per cent., as the case may be, unless otherwise 
specified. Due to such rounding, the total of each column of figures may not equal the total of the 
individual figures. 
Financial information presented in parentheses denotes the negative of such number presented.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
The Issuer has agreed that, for so long as any Notes issued by it are “restricted securities” within the 
meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, it will, during any period in which it is neither 
subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange 
Act”) nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, provide to any holder or 
beneficial owner of such restricted securities or to any prospective purchaser of such restricted 
securities designated by such holder or beneficial owner upon the request of such holder, beneficial 
owner or prospective purchaser, the information required to be provided by Rule 144A(d)(4) under 
the Securities Act.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the 
remainder of this Offering Circular. Words and expressions defined in “Forms of the Notes” or 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have the same meanings in this overview. This 
overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the format, content, scrutiny 
and approval of the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted 
to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004.  
Issuer: 
Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego. 
Guarantor: 
In respect of Guaranteed Notes only, The State Treasury of the 
Republic of Poland. 
Arranger: 
ING Bank N.V. 
Dealers: 
Banco Santander, S.A., Bank Pekao S.A., BNP Paribas, Citigroup 
Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, 
ING Bank N.V., J.P. Morgan SE, and Société Générale, and any 
other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, 
Transfer Agent and Exchange 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme. 
Listing and/or admission to 
trading: 
Each Series may be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and/or admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any other 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or may be unlisted. 
Clearing Systems: 
For Unrestricted Notes represented by an Unrestricted Global 
Registered Note, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, any other clearing 
system as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For Restricted Notes represented by a Restricted Global Registered 
Note, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue 
date, the issue price and the amount of the first payment of interest 
may be different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of 
each Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all respects. 
Final Terms: 
Each Tranche will be the subject of the Final Terms which, for the 
purposes of that Tranche only, supplements the Terms and

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
Conditions of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with this 
Offering Circular. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Forms of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form or in registered form. 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either 
a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note 
which is not intended to be issued in NGN form (a “Classic 
Global Note” or “CGN”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in 
NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for 
Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership will be a condition precedent to any exchange 
of an interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any 
payment of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each 
Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-
bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for 
further Coupons. 
Each Tranche of Unrestricted Notes in registered form will initially 
be represented by an Unrestricted Global Registered Note and will 
either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the 
New Safekeeping Structure, registered in the name of a common 
depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
deposited on or about the relevant issue date with the common 
depositary; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure, registered in the name of a common 
safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
deposited on or about the relevant issue date with the common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each Tranche of Restricted Notes in registered form will initially 
be represented by a Restricted Global Registered Note, without 
interest coupons, which will be deposited on the relevant issue date 
with (a) and registered in the name of a common depositary (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (in the 
case of a Note which is not to be held under the NSS), (b) and 
registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (in the case of a Note 
to be held under the NSS) or (c) a custodian for, and registered in

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
the name of, Cede & Co. as nominee for, DTC. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, subject 
to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. Payments in respect of Notes may, 
subject to such compliance, be made in and/or linked to, any 
currency or currencies other than the currency in which such Notes 
are denominated. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional and (subject to 
Condition 5(a) (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves 
and at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both 
mandatory and of general application. 
Guarantee: 
Each Tranche of Guaranteed Notes is subject to a separate 
Guarantee of the Notes, substantially in the form set out in this 
Offering Circular. See “Risk Factors – Risks related to any 
Guarantee of the Notes” below. 
Notes other than Guaranteed Notes will not have the benefit of any 
Guarantee of the Notes. 
Each Guarantee of the Notes will be limited to 140 per cent. of the 
principal amount of the relevant Tranche of Guaranteed Notes. 
Each Guarantee of the Notes will cover only the payment of the 
principal amount of the relevant Tranche of Guaranteed Notes and 
accrued interest. A Guarantee of the Notes will not cover any 
default interest under such Guaranteed Notes or the Issuer’s 
liability under related indemnities, including the currency 
indemnity. Additionally, the period of the effectiveness of each 
Guarantee of the Notes will be limited such that each Guarantee of 
the Notes will expire on the day falling six months after the 
maturity date of the relevant Tranche of Guaranteed Notes. A 
claim brought by a Noteholder after the expiration of the relevant 
Guarantee of the Notes will not be satisfied under that Guarantee 
of the Notes. Therefore, it is possible that not all Noteholders’ 
claims under the Guaranteed Notes will be satisfied by the 
Guarantor in full if these claims fall outside the scope of a 
Guarantee of the Notes. 
Status of the Guarantee: 
In respect of any Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantor will in the 
Guarantee of the Notes unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee 
the due and punctual payment of principal and accrued interest 
payable by the Issuer in respect of the Guaranteed Notes, subject to 
the limit stated immediately above. The Guarantee of the Notes 
will constitute a direct, general, unconditional and (subject to 
clause 5 (Negative Pledge) of the relevant Guarantee of the Notes) 
unsecured obligation of the Guarantor which will at all times rank 
at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated External Indebtedness of the Guarantor, provided 
further that the Guarantor shall have no obligation to effect equal 
or rateable payment(s) at any time with respect to any such other 
External Indebtedness and, in particular, shall have no obligation to

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
pay other External Indebtedness at the same time or as a condition 
of paying sums due under the Guarantee of the Notes and vice 
versa.  
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity subject, in relation to specific currencies, to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) 
the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from 
an establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, 
such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable 
to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be 
issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
Money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 
12 months will not be issued under this Offering Circular. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption 
Amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option 
of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders to 
the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described in “Optional Redemption” above, early 
redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons as described in 
Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax 
reasons). 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to a 
particular Reference Rate where any Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, an Independent Adviser, and to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate and any 
Adjustment Spread for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes.  
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, 
or (if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser) the 
Issuer, fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate 
in accordance with Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation), 
the Reference Rate applicable to the immediate following Interest 
Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (or if there has not been a

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the 
Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period), all as more 
fully described in Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method of 
calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the 
maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Denominations: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements, and save 
that the minimum denomination of each Note (other than 
Guaranteed Notes) admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the EEA or the UK or offered to the public in a Member 
State of the EEA or the UK in circumstances which would 
otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation (as 
applicable) will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Registered Notes initially represented by a Restricted Global 
Registered Note and sold pursuant to Rule 144A will be in 
minimum denominations of U.S.$200,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency) and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency) in excess thereof, in each case 
subject to compliance with all legal and/or regulatory requirements 
applicable to the relevant jurisdiction. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge given by the 
Issuer as described in Condition 5(a) (Negative Pledge). Each 
Guarantee of the Notes will also have the benefit of a negative 
pledge given by the Guarantor, see “Form of Guarantee of the 
Notes” below. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes and (if the Notes are Guaranteed 
Notes) Guarantee of the Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding taxes of Poland, unless the withholding is required by 
law. In that event, the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor will 
(subject as provided in Condition 12 (Taxation)) pay such 
additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes had 
no such withholding been required. 
Governing Law: 
English law. 
Enforcement 
of 
Notes 
in 
Global Form: 
In the case of Global Notes and Global Registered Notes, 
investors’ rights against the Issuer will be supported by a deed of 
covenant dated 16 December 2022, a copy of which will be 
available for inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in 
the United States of America, the EEA, the United Kingdom, 
Japan, Singapore and Switzerland, see “Subscription and Sale” 
below.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
Guaranteed Notes are expected to be sold pursuant to Regulation S 
Category 1 and Notes other than Guaranteed Notes are expected to 
be sold pursuant to Regulation S Category 2 as further described in 
“Subscription and Sale – Unites States of America” below. 
In the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes will be issued in compliance 
with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules 
in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of 
section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the “Code”)) (“TEFRA D”) unless (i) the applicable 
Final Terms states that Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. 
Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of 
section 4701 of the Code) (“TEFRA C”) or (ii) the Notes are 
issued other than in compliance with TEFRA D or TEFRA C but 
in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
“registration required obligations” under the United States Tax 
Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the applicable Final Terms as a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
In the case of a distribution under Rule 144A, Notes will be issued 
in registered form, as defined in U.S. Temp. Treas. Reg. §5f.103-
1(c). 
Transfer Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the transfer of Notes sold pursuant to Rule 
144A. See “Transfer Restrictions” and “Subscription and Sale” 
below.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should read the entire Offering Circular. Words and expressions defined in the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Offering Circular have the same 
meanings in this section. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prospective investors should 
consider, among other things, the following factors. 
The risk factors described below are the risks the Issuer considers to be material for the taking of an 
informed investment decision in respect of the Notes based on the probability of their occurrence and 
the expected magnitude of their negative impact. Additional risks and uncertainties, currently not 
known to the Issuer, may also arise or become more material after the date of this Offering Circular, 
which could also have a material impact on the Group’s business operations in the future. 
Risks related to the Issuer and the Group 
Risks relating to BGK’s business activity and industry 
Deterioration in Poland’s economic conditions could affect the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations 
BGK and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) conduct their operations in Poland. As a result, the 
macroeconomic situation in Poland has a material impact on the business, financial condition and 
result of operations of the Group. 
A primary factor affecting the Polish economy in the short term relates to the Russian aggression in 
Ukraine (described also in detail in the risk factor entitled “Russian aggression in Ukraine could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial position” and 
“Credit risk exposure in Ukraine, Russia and Belarus” below). The Polish economy has also been  
influenced by the aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic and consequences of macroeconomic 
measures implemented to limit its negative consequences. These events have resulted in accelerating 
inflation, increased levels of macroeconomic uncertainty, slowdown in economic growth and an 
inflow of refugees. 
The strong economic rebound after the pandemic coupled with aggressive fiscal and monetary 
expansion on a global scale triggered an increase in prices of raw materials, including energy, and 
food. In 2022, the CPI rate was 14.3 per cent. on average. The inflation rate increased from 9.6 per 
cent. in the first quarter of 2022 to 17.3 per cent. in the fourth quarter of 2022. Food prices in 2022 
increased by 21.5 per cent., energy prices by 31.1 per cent. and core inflation was at 11.5 per cent for 
2022. The acceleration of inflation in 2022 stemmed, to a large extent, from the growth in 
commodities prices (primarily energy, but also agricultural) in the international markets caused by the 
COVID-19 pandemic and war in Ukraine.  
The end of some anti-inflationary measures introduced in 2022 led to short-run additional inflationary 
pressure in the beginning of 2023. In March 2023, the annual CPI rate reached 16.1 per cent., which 
was mostly caused by the growing inflation rate of food products, which amounted to 24 per cent. 
In October 2021, the Monetary Policy Council (the “MPC”) resolved to start a cycle of interest rate 
increases. In early October 2021, in response to growing inflation, the MPC raised its reference rate to 
0.5 per cent. and increased the required reserve ratio to 2.0 per cent. from 0.5 per cent. In the 
following months, the MPC continued monetary tightening, given the risk that second-round effects 
and buoyant demand may feed into elevated inflation. In the period between November 2021 and 
September 2022, the MPC hiked the NBP’s interest rates ten times, which lifted the reference rate to 
6.75 per cent. In February 2022, the MPC also increased the required reserve ratio to pre-COVID-19 
levels of 3.5 per cent.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
Inflation is expected to remain at a high level in 2023, with an expected downward trend. According 
to the NBP’s March 2023 forecast, there is a 50 per cent. probability that inflation will decrease from 
the current 16.1 per cent. (March 2023) to between 10.2 per cent. and 13.5 per cent. for 2023. 
Sustained high inflation could have a negative effect on the financial condition of the Group's 
customers, and could also put pressure on yields on short- and long-term bonds issued by or held by 
the Issuer. This could materially adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations and its ability to perform its obligations under the Notes.  
The further weakening of the growth rate of the Eurozone may adversely impact Polish exports and 
investment and ultimately adversely affect economic growth in Poland. In the short term, downside 
risks from the external environment come mainly from elevated geopolitical tensions and protectionist 
policies. A further escalation of the Russian military aggression may have a negative impact on the 
possibility of importing commodities from Russia and Ukraine including rare metals used, among 
others, in the automotive industry. In such a scenario, greater supply chain disruptions can be 
expected, including a further rise in inflation and worsening economic conditions in the global 
economy, including in Poland.  
Uncertainties related to policies pursued in major countries outside Europe add to these factors. This 
includes the possibility of stronger monetary policy tightening by the ECB and the U.S. Federal 
Reserve in response to rising inflation. In addition, recovery in China may stall amid the deepening 
crisis in the real estate market. This could create significant spillovers to the rest of the world, 
including Poland, causing lower demand and potentially renewed supply chain problems. 
There are also some risks related to delays in obtaining funds from the EU Recovery and Resilience 
Facility as well as cohesion funds (see Poland’s access to EU funds and subsidies may be limited due 
to the rule of law dispute). EU funds play a key role in the financing of numerous public and private 
investment projects and any delays in funding may adversely affect the Polish economy. However, 
some projects are already being implemented and pre-financed from domestic sources (i.e., Polski 
Fundusz Rozwoju (Polish Development Fund)). In addition, the ongoing dispute is political in nature 
and both EU and Polish authorities are taking steps to develop a compromise. 
A potential prolonged economic slowdown, recession, rising or continuing high inflation in Poland 
could adversely affect the Group’s operations. Fluctuations in the financial markets (including the 
currency market), may adversely affect the financial conditions of the Group’s customers, which 
could, in turn, impair the quality and volume of the Group’s loans and advances portfolio and other 
financial assets and result in decreased demand for the Group’s products. In addition, in unstable 
market conditions, the value of assets securing loans already granted or to be granted by the Group, 
including real estate, may decline significantly. Accordingly, any deterioration of the economic, 
business, political and social conditions in Poland may have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition results of and operations of the Group and its ability to perform its obligations 
under the Notes. 
Russian aggression in Ukraine could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results 
of operations and financial position 
On 24 February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine. In the following months, the invasion continued, with 
fighting taking place throughout eastern and southern Ukraine, and bombings and missile attacks on 
cities throughout Ukraine. On 6 September 2022, Ukrainian forces started a counteroffensive, 
regaining parts of territory controlled by the Russian invaders. In a further escalation, Russian 
President Vladimir Putin announced on 21 September 2022 a mobilization of 300,000 reserve troops. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the invasion is still ongoing.  
The military attack launched in Ukraine by Russia caused supply chains disruptions in Poland, 
Ukraine, Russia, Belarus and other countries, due to the blocking of the logistics system linking 
Eastern Europe and Central Europe, and sanctions imposed on Russia and Belarus.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
Russian military aggression against Ukraine has contributed to a sharp rise in global commodity 
prices as well to potential shortages of certain natural resources, including natural gas and coal, 
which, together with the other factors that had already accelerated inflation, are pushing up prices 
across an increasingly broader group of goods and services. Uncertainty related to discontinued 
production in part of the Ukrainian agricultural sector and the cutting off of Russia’s agriculture from 
global markets (an indirect consequence of financial sanctions and Russia’s restrictions on exports) 
and increased demand caused by refugees from Ukraine also put upward pressure on food prices in 
the Polish market. 
The war has also caused a number of Ukrainians to seek refuge in neighbouring countries. According 
to the Polish Border Guard, approximately 11 million Ukrainians crossed the Polish-Ukrainian border 
between 24 February 2022 and 10 April 2023. A large number of refugees could put a significant 
strain on the Polish public services and could lead to increased government spending aimed at 
supporting the refugees. These circumstances could negatively affect the growth of the Polish GDP 
and increase the Polish public debt.  
Uncertainty related to the Russian invasion of Ukraine and possible winter energy shortages caused 
by sanctions, energy delivery suspensions and surging energy prices may also weigh heavily on Polish 
household and business confidence. On 21 October 2022, the President of Poland signed the Act of 
October 7, 2022 on Special Solutions to Protect Electricity Consumers in 2023 in connection with the 
situation on the electricity market. This act introduced a price ceiling for energy consumption up to a 
certain threshold (after which the price ceiling falls away), and an electricity allowance for households 
that use electricity for heating.  
Although this risk did not materialize during the winter of 2022-2023, any energy shortages and 
possible higher spending on energy caused by, for example, weather conditions, could adversely 
affect solvency of borrowers and their ability to take out new loans, which could adversely affect the 
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
Another risk for GDP growth in Poland relates to the Russian aggression in Ukraine and the external 
macroenvironment, particularly the economic performance of other EU member states. Due to EU’s 
heavy reliance on imports of energy commodities, including imports from Russia, it could be 
adversely affected by the suspension of imports of Russian crude oil, hard coal and natural gas. 
Poland’s strong trade and financial links with the EU, including through participation in German 
supply chains, make it susceptible to shocks emanating from major trade partners. The situation in 
Ukraine, among others, slowed down GDP growth in Poland in 2022 to approximately 4.9 per cent. 
year-on-year growth. According to recent BGK forecasts, the GDP growth rate in Poland will slow 
down to below 1% in 2023, with potentially negative annual growth rates in the first half of the year. 
As a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the outlook for the Polish economy has deteriorated in 
the short term. High uncertainty, inflationary pressure and elevated interest rates have led to decreased 
domestic demand. However, in the long term, the influx of refugees can reduce the problem of a weak 
demographic situation and thus increase potential GDP growth rate. The effects of sanctions imposed 
on Russia, in particular with regard to the supply of energy resources to EU countries, are currently 
the primary adverse factor in the balance of risks. Accordingly, any further developments connected 
with Russia’s invasion of Ukraine could have an adverse effect on the Polish economy, which could 
in turn adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group and its 
ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
The Group’s credit risk exposure in Ukraine, Russia and Belarus will need to be monitored closely 
The Group finances investment projects in Ukraine, Russia and Belarus in the construction, 
agriculture and industrial sectors. Depending on the type of financing, the exposures are collateralised 
on the financed assets, primarily by official Polish export credit agency (Korporacja Ubezpieczeń 
Kredytów Eksportowych S.A., “KUKE”) guarantees. The aggregate value of BGK’s investments in 
Ukraine, Russia and Belarus amounted to 1 per cent. of BGK’s loan portfolio as at 31 December 
2022.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
For prudential reasons, when Russia initiated the military attack on Ukraine in February 2022, BGK 
immediately reclassified selected financing instruments in Ukraine, Russia and Belarus from Stage 1 
(i.e. if the credit risk on a financial instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition, 
impairment is measured as 12-month expected credit losses) to Stage 2 (i.e. if the credit risk on that 
financial instrument has significantly increased since initial recognition, whether assessed on an 
individual or portfolio basis, considering all reasonable and supportable information, including that 
which is forward-looking, the impairment loss is measured as lifetime expected credit losses). 
Decisions are made on a case-by-case basis to reclassify exposures to Stage 3 (i.e. for impaired 
financial assets, for which impairment will be measured as lifetime expected credit losses at an 
amount equal to accumulated changes in lifetime expected credit losses from their initial recognition) 
depending on the observed indications for reclassification. The classification of financial assets 
according to these three stages and the determined impairment calculation method affects the Group’s 
recognition of interest income, which in turn could adversely affect the business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations of the Group. Interest income on financial assets which are classified as 
Stage 1 or Stage 2 is determined based on gross exposures (amortised cost of a financial asset, before 
adjustment for any allowances for expected credit losses) using the effective interest method. For 
Stage 3 assets, interest income is determined based on the amortised cost of those assets.  
Moreover, BGK analysed its loan portfolio for clients exposed to the war in Ukraine, including 
through lower revenue from exports to Ukraine, Belarus and Russia, limited operations due to lower 
imports of goods and raw materials from those markets, or higher cost of raw materials. BGK 
identified approximately 20 corporate clients exposed to these risk factors and performed the relevant 
stress tests, which indicated that if the assumed scenarios materialise, it may have to recognise 
additional loss allowances of approximately PLN 41.5 million. It will also subject these particular 
clients to additional monitoring. Analysis of industries exposed to the effects of hostilities in Ukraine 
resulted in additional write-downs by BGK of PLN 32.3 million. 
The continued need to monitor and analyse BGK’s loan portfolio exposed to the risks of war in 
Ukraine may adversely affect the value of the high-risk loan portfolio of BGK, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group.  
The Group is controlled by the State Treasury of the Republic of Poland  
The provisions of the Act dated 14 March 2003 on Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego and the 
Regulation of the Minister of Development dated 16 September 2016 on the Adoption of the Statute 
of Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego, under which the Issuer operates, give the State Treasury full 
corporate control over the Issuer. Therefore, the State Treasury may exercise significant influence 
over BGK’s operations, including by directing the implementation of its business strategy. As a result, 
certain activities of BGK may reflect the Polish government’s policy and hence expose BGK to 
additional risks or may not generate profit.  
Accordingly, the Issuer may be exposed to the effect of political uncertainty and potential changes 
and disruption at a governmental level, which could have an adverse effect on the development and 
implementation of the Issuer’s strategy, as well as its day-to-day operations. Additionally, the 
decisions taken by the State Treasury towards the Issuer may conflict with the interests of holders of 
Notes issued by the Issuer under the Programme. As a consequence, the decisions of the State 
Treasury may adversely affect the operations of the Group and its ability to perform its obligations 
under the Notes. 
The Guaranteed Notes issued under the Programme for the purposes of cash flow funds have not 
been, and will not be, accounted for as liabilities on BGK’s balance sheet and repayment of principal 
and interest due on the Guaranteed Notes is generated from debt service received from the relevant 
cash flow funds that receive the proceeds of the Guaranteed Notes or from other sources specified in 
the applicable law  
BGK carries out Polish government tasks on the basis of acts and agreements with Polish ministries, 
including through cash flow funds established, entrusted or transferred to BGK for which, by virtue of

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
law, BGK keeps separate accounting books and prepares separate financial statements. Cash flow 
funds deal with the management of revenue streams used to finance tasks specified in the relevant 
legislation, in accordance with annual financial plans of the fund. The assets and liabilities of cash 
flow funds are not disclosed in BGK’s financial statements, as under the Polish Accounting Act and 
IFRS, they cannot be treated as BGK’s assets and liabilities. This will also be true for any Guaranteed 
Notes issued for the purposes of financing the cash flow funds. Therefore, these cash flow funds are 
not consolidated into BGK’s own financial statements. Detailed information on the financial position 
and profit and loss of cash-flow funds, which has not been reviewed or audited by an independent 
auditor, is included in the standalone financial statements of BGK for each financial year.  
Payments of principal and interest on the Notes issued for the purpose of the relevant cash flow fund 
are serviced from the statutory proceeds of such fund. Agreements relating to cash flow funds provide 
that debt repayment has priority over other spending. If a cash shortfall is projected, BGK is required 
to inform the relevant ministers and has the right to suspend other expenditures of the relevant cash 
flow fund. Moreover, in certain circumstances, in the event there is a shortfall in the fund and upon 
agreement between BGK and the relevant ministry, such fund’s expenditures may be temporarily 
bridge financed from BGK’s own funds. Notwithstanding the above, BGK is a primary obligor under 
the Notes.  
Additionally, with respect to certain funds, including the COVID-19 Response Fund and Aid Fund, 
the applicable regulations explicitly provide that the minister competent for public finance is obliged 
to provide such cash flow funds with amounts required to timely service the bonds issued for the 
purposes of the particular cash flow fund. 
Therefore, investors in the Notes issued for the purposes of cash flow funds should also be aware that 
the Notes will be serviced primarily out of funds received from the cash flow funds, and the ability of 
the Issuer to provide debt service on the Notes issued for the purposes of cash flow funds is also 
dependent on the financial condition of the relevant cash flow funds. 
When BGK issues Notes for the purposes of the cash flow funds, it has limited impact on the final use 
of such proceeds, and such use of proceeds may not align with investment principles or policies of all 
investors 
The Notes may be issued for the purposes of, among others, financing the National Road Fund, the 
Aid Fund, the COVID-19 Response Fund and the Armed Forces Support Fund. Due to the spending 
mechanism in the Aid Fund and the COVID-19 Response Fund, where expenditures are effected via 
the subsidiary accounts by account holders empowered by the Prime Minister of the Republic of 
Poland, BGK has limited control over the final use of such proceeds. A separate subsidiary account is 
assigned to an item in the annual financial plan of the relevant fund. For the Armed Forces Support 
Fund, the details concerning allocation of funds are classified. Payments from the Armed Forces 
Support Fund are made at the request of the Minister of Defence, represented by the Armament 
Agency, which has full discretion to determine the list of tasks in the Armed Forces Development 
Programme, such as, purchases of military equipment or improvement of defence and military 
capabilities.  
Due to BGK’s limited control over the final use of proceeds to the cash flow funds, such use of 
proceeds may not align with investment principles or policies of all investors, and accordingly the 
Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Investors’ decision to purchase the Notes 
may be affected by their assessment of the use of proceeds indicated in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Group may be impacted by challenges of the Polish banking sector, including risks related to 
foreign currency loans 
The Polish banking sector is currently facing numerous challenges, including legal risks connected to 
loans granted in foreign currencies, in particular in CHF, risks related to WIBOR and loans granted 
based on a floating interest rate as well as risks related to credit relief measures introduced by the 
government, such as credit vacations.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
Polish banks have granted a large number of mortgages denominated in CHF or indexed to it (the 
“CHF Mortgage Loans”).  CHF Mortgage Loans were formerly an extremely popular product due 
to, among other things, low interest rates. Due to the rapid appreciation of CHF, monthly instalments 
of CHF Mortgage Loans and the outstanding principal amounts of CHF Mortgage Loans have 
increased significantly. For this reason, many CHF Mortgage Loan borrowers have decided to bring 
an action for annulment of their CHF Mortgage Loan agreements or some of their provisions. 
On 3 October 2019, in the judgment of the Court of Justice of the European Union (the “CJEU”) in 
Case C-260/18 concerning a mortgage credit agreement in CHF concluded by one of the Polish banks, 
the CJEU indicated, amongst others, that the provisions of EU law do not preclude national courts, 
where they find that clauses relating to the CHF Mortgage Loan indexing mechanism are abusive, 
from deciding to annul CHF Mortgage Loan contracts, having regard, however, to whether such 
annulment would expose the consumer to particularly harmful consequences. At the same time, the 
CJEU held that national courts cannot fill in the gaps in CHF Mortgage Loan contracts which arise 
after the elimination of prohibited provisions, on the basis of provisions relating to equity or 
established custom. The above decision of the CJEU also covered loans indexed to other currencies 
with an interest rate directly related to the interbank rate of a given currency. 
Moreover, a further ruling is expected to be issued by the CJEU in the first half of 2023 on the issue 
of potential remuneration banks could charge for the use of funds, even in case of the contract being 
declared null and void. A ruling prohibiting charging any such remuneration would materially affect 
the Polish commercial banking sector. 
As the majority of loans on the Polish market are based on a floating interest rate, the increase of 
market benchmark rate (WIBOR) corresponded to an increase in the instalments of customers’ loans. 
This further increased the default risk on the loans and resulted in customers challenging the floating 
interest rate clauses in court. As of the date of this Offering Circular, the outcome of such challenges 
is difficult to assess; however, the potential invalidity of floating rate loans may have a material 
adverse effect on the Polish banking sector.  
In addition, to alleviate the effect the increased interest rates may have on the financial condition of 
households, the Polish government submitted to the Polish Parliament a draft Act on Crowdfunding 
and Supporting Borrowers (Ustawa o finansowaniu społecznościowym dla przedsięwzięć 
gospodarczych i pomocy kredytobiorcom, the “Act on Supporting Borrowers”). The Act on 
Supporting Borrowers came into force on 29 July 2022. 
The Act on Supporting Borrowers: (i) introduces the possibility for borrowers to suspend the 
repayment of mortgage loan instalments, (ii) obligates banks to pay an additional contribution to the 
Borrowers Support Fund (Fundusz Wsparcia Kredytobiorców), and (iii) introduces a procedure for 
replacing WIBOR with a new benchmark. Under the Act on Supporting Borrowers, a borrower with a 
mortgage loan denominated in PLN and who is a consumer may suspend the repayment of one loan 
agreement which was provided to finance his own housing needs. The suspension period was two 
months in the period from 1 August 2022 to 30 September 2022, another two months in the period 
from 1 October 2022 to 31 December 2022 and one month in each calendar quarter from 1 January 
2023 to 31 December 2023. During the suspension period, the borrower does not have to make any 
payments due to the lender under the loan agreement (including interest, principal and fees), except 
for payments of the insurance premiums linked to the loan agreement. The suspension is effective 
automatically upon the delivery of an application to the lender. The maturity of the loan is extended 
by the duration of the suspension period. The lender cannot charge interest and fees, other than the 
insurance premiums linked to the loan agreement, during the suspension period. The right to request a 
suspension applies to loan agreements entered into before 1 July 2022, provided that the maturity date 
of the loan falls after 1 January 2023. 
The abovementioned issues do not significantly impact the Group’s operations as the Group’s 
portfolio of loans granted to retail customers is not material. However, the Group cannot exclude that 
the overall challenges faced by the Polish banking sector, and their financial and reputational impact

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
on banks in general could also have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, 
results of operations of the Group and its ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
Risks relating to the Group’s financial situation 
Material increases in the Group’s impairment provisions on loans and advances may have an adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations  
In connection with its credit operations, the Group regularly writes down impaired assets and records 
impairment provisions in the profit and loss account of the Group. The total value of the Group’s 
expected credit losses depends on the volume and type of borrowing activity, standards applied in the 
banking industry and is calculated based on the three-stage expected credit losses model, reflecting 
the change in the level of risk that occurred since a given exposure was recognised, including losses 
experienced by the Group adjusted by expected forward-looking information, expectations on defaults 
in loan payments, the economic situation and other factors connected with the repayment of various 
loans. It also depends on the risk model applied by the Group, which may prove to be incorrect and 
result in an incorrect assessment by the Group of the risk associated with its loan portfolios. 
Although BGK’s Management Board uses its best efforts to establish an appropriate amount of 
expected credit losses on loans and advances, that determination is subject to the evaluation of credit 
risk and may be affected by numerous factors, including uncertainties relating to the current 
macroeconomic environment. The Issuer monitors the exposures of customers comprising its loan 
portfolio on an ongoing basis. However, it is not possible at the moment to determine to what extent 
the COVID-19 pandemic, the Russian aggression in Ukraine and their respective economic 
repercussions will affect the financial standing of these customers. For a further discussion of the 
Russian invasion of Ukraine’s effect on expected credit losses in the region, see “Credit risk exposure 
in Ukraine, Russia and Belarus will need to be monitored closely”. The Group could be required to 
increase its expected credit losses on loans and advances in the future as a result of increases in non-
performing assets or for other reasons. Any material increase in the expected credit losses on loans 
and advances, any loan losses in excess of the previously determined expected credit losses on loans 
and advances with respect thereto or changes in the estimate of the provision for expected losses on 
loans and advances could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations.  
Moreover, losses relating to credit risk may arise if the risk management policies, procedures and 
assessment methods implemented by the Group to mitigate credit risk and to protect against credit 
exposures prove less effective than expected. The Group employs qualitative tools and metrics for 
managing risk that are based on observed historical market behaviour. These tools and procedures 
may fail to predict future risk exposures, especially in a market characterised by increased volatility 
and falling prices. Given the Group’s variety of lending activities, the risk management systems 
employed by the Group may prove insufficient in measuring and managing risks. 
The occurrence of any of the factors mentioned above may have a material adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition, results of operations of the Group and its ability to perform its 
obligations under the Notes. 
The value of the Group’s investment and trading portfolios may decrease  
The Group’s portfolio of securities comprises debt and equity securities. The quality of the Group’s 
portfolio of securities may be affected by macroeconomic factors, the general business environment 
and developments in the financial markets, and by the creditworthiness and financial position of 
counterparties to the Group’s transactions. The quality of debt securities held by the Group is 
dependent upon the ability of issuers of the securities to make payments on the securities when due, 
which in turn may be affected by changes in their financial standing. 
As at 31 December 2022, debt instruments issued by the State Treasury and the NBP accounted for 
90.0 per cent. of the Group’s debt securities portfolio. A decrease in the price of such securities may

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
occur as a result of several factors, in particular: (i) an increased supply of such securities by the 
Polish government due to an increased issue of those securities to finance the budget deficit or an 
increased offer of securities by investors disposing of them; or (ii) increases in domestic interest rates; 
or (iii) a decrease in the credit ratings for Poland’s sovereign debt; or (iv) increased political risk and a 
negative perception of Poland by investors. Any decrease in the price of such securities could 
adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The Group’s equity portfolio consists mainly of shares and certificates issued by Polish and foreign 
investment funds in which BGK is the main investor. These funds are managed by professional 
external entities, which means that BGK has no direct influence on the results of these funds. The 
value of these securities may be very volatile due to the market uncertainty and significant operational 
costs of certain investment funds. 
The Group’s portfolio includes negotiable financial instruments whose daily valuations depend on 
certain market parameters (such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates, prices of bonds and stocks, 
stock indices values, futures prices, and implied volatilities of options). As these parameters vary 
continuously due to market forces, valuations of the financial instruments also change accordingly, 
which may adversely impact unrealised results of these portfolios, even though certain components of 
market risk of those portfolios are hedged and the trading is carried out within set market risk limits. 
In addition, market movements may also adversely affect realised results of the trading book. The 
occurrence of any of these factors may have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Moreover, the Group’s assets are exposed to increases in inflation and/or in inflation forecasts, which 
could accompany increases in interest rates and lead to a decrease in the market value of bonds held in 
the Group’s securities portfolio. This could have an adverse effect on the profitability of the Group’s 
securities portfolio and the Group’s revenues. Depending on the relevant macroeconomic context, 
increases in inflation may have a negative impact on risk premiums and share prices, which could 
result in a decline in the market value of the Group’s equity portfolio. The occurrence of any of these 
factors may have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and its ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
The Group has exposure to counterparty credit risk in connection with its banking operations 
The Group is exposed to counterparty risk arising from the potential inability of the Group’s 
counterparties, including corporate customers, banks and other financial institutions, to fulfil their 
obligations under transactions and financial instruments entered into with the Group due to a number 
of factors, including, in particular, bankruptcies, a lack of market or individual customer liquidity, 
economic downturns, adverse financial and market movements (e.g., in interest rates or foreign 
currency exchange rates, commodity prices, the implied volatility of foreign exchange options, etc.), 
operational failures and increased economic and political uncertainty. A reduction in the ability of the 
Group’s counterparties to fulfil such obligations, or a default by, or even concerns about the 
creditworthiness and financial standing of, one or more of the Group’s counterparties could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and its 
ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
The Group has assets associated with foreign exchange derivatives, which include foreign exchange 
swaps, forwards and options conducted with other banking and non-banking clients. These foreign 
exchange derivatives require the customer to provide collateral if the instrument reaches a prescribed 
loss level. If there are significant changes of the PLN exchange rate against certain foreign currencies, 
customers who purchased foreign exchange derivatives may not be able to provide the required 
collateral. 
Although the Group actively manages its liquidity requirements and foreign exchange position and 
hedges its exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risks, continued foreign exchange rate 
volatility of the PLN against foreign currencies could increase the pressure on the Group’s 
counterparties and could lead to increased defaults of the Group’s counterparties and further losses

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
incurred by the Group on its foreign exchange derivatives. Such developments could have an adverse 
effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations of the Group and its ability to perform 
its obligations under the Notes.  
Any reduction in the credit rating of BGK and its subsidiaries could increase its cost of funding and 
adversely affect its interest margins 
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which the Group is able to obtain funding. A 
reduction in the Group companies’ credit ratings could increase the costs associated with its interbank 
and capital market transactions and could adversely affect the Group’s liquidity and competitive 
position, undermine confidence in the Group, increase its borrowing costs and adversely affect its 
interest margins. Furthermore, should the rating of BGK be downgraded below investment grade, this 
could significantly impair the operating business of BGK, the refinancing costs of the Group and 
BGK’s eligibility to act as a counterparty to derivative transactions for some market participants. 
Rating agencies’ assessments are driven by a number of factors, including franchise value, 
capitalisation, profitability, applicable sovereign ratings, refinancing opportunities and liquidity as 
well as potential parental support. Pressure on BGK’s credit ratings may arise, for example, in the 
event of significantly weaker capital generation driven by poorer financial performance, a material 
deterioration of asset quality in a less favourable business environment and the downgrade of the 
rating applicable to Poland. 
A downgrade in the rating of BGK and its subsidiaries could increase the financing costs associated 
with transactions on the interbank market and could adversely affect the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and its ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
The Group may not be able to improve or sustain its current interest rate margins or commissions on 
loans  
The net interest income achieved by the Group depends to a large extent on the levels of the Group’s 
interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and the average interest rates on interest-earning 
assets and interest-bearing liabilities. 
Various factors could affect the Group’s ability to maintain credit and deposit margins as well as fees 
and commissions at current levels. These factors include the evolving regulatory environment, court 
judgments, increasing competition in the market, changing demand for fixed and floating interest rate 
loans, possible changes in monetary policy conducted by the MPC, the level of inflation, and changes 
in interest rates (WIBOR, WIRON and EURIBOR) on interbank markets. 
The Group could suffer decreasing interest rate margins for various reasons, including: 
• 
if market interest rates on floating interest rate loans decline and the Group is unable to offset 
such effect by decreasing the rates payable on deposits; 
• 
if interest rates payable on deposits increase resulting from additional competition among 
banks or other factors beyond the Group’s control and the Group is unable to offset such 
effect by increasing the rates on its loans;  
• 
if interbank interest rate level declines below zero and the Group is unable to apply negative 
interest to customer deposits or offset a negative margin through a fee; 
• 
if increased competition on the market and economic recovery reduce credit spreads; or 
• 
if liquidity surplus placed on securities like bonds issued by the State Treasury or NBP bills 
brings lower yields due to decreasing interest rates. 
In September 2022, the Warsaw Deposit Market Index (“WIRD”), the name of which will be changed 
to the Warsaw Interest Rate Overnight (“WIRON”), was selected as an alternative interest rate

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
benchmark to eventually replace WIBOR and become a key interest rate benchmark. The WIBOR 
replacement is expected to be implemented by the end of 2024, with the simultaneous implementation 
of a new WIRON-based financial product offering in 2023-2024 and full readiness to cease 
developing and publishing the WIBOR and WIBID benchmarks from the beginning of 2025. 
Introducing a new benchmark may lead to a decrease of BGK interest income under the loans in its 
portfolio, if the new interest rate is less favourable to the Group. It may also create operational 
challenges associated with adapting BGK’s internal processes and settlement procedures to the new 
benchmark. 
The Group’s inability to maintain interest rate margins and commissions on loans may result in lower 
net income and could materially adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of 
operations of the Group and its ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
The Group is exposed to operational risk related to its business activities 
Operational risk accompanies all processes at banks and its consequences can be significant. The 
Group is subject to the risk of incurring losses or unforeseen costs relating to inadequate or failed 
internal processes, human errors, system failures, errors relating to the outsourcing of the performance 
of certain services to external service providers, incorrect information received by BGK in the course 
of its business, or external events. Typical categories of operational loss include: errors made during 
the execution of operations, record-keeping errors, business disruptions (caused by, for example, 
software or hardware failures and communication breakdowns), fraud, cyber-attacks and other 
security breaches, legal claims over transactions or operations and damage to assets. In addition, 
because some of the Group’s business transactions are conducted via internet platforms, the Group is 
exposed to third party attacks on its IT systems, which could result in financial or reputational loss. 
The Group utilises a number of IT systems to conduct its operations. Due to the high complexity of 
interactions and interdependencies among the Group’s IT systems, there can be no assurance that 
these systems will always properly interact with one another or will always effectively ensure the 
error-free and timely transfer of data within the IT structure of BGK and the Group. For a detailed 
description of the risks associated with the malfunctioning of the Group’s IT systems, refer to the risk 
factor entitled “The Group’s IT systems may fail or their security may be compromised” below. 
The Group also outsources the performance of specific activities on its behalf, including IT services 
as well as document consignment services, cash support services, cash processing, and debt recovery 
to third parties. If any of the third parties on which BGK relies fails to duly perform in accordance 
with the terms of their agreements with BGK, then this could result in operational deficiencies or 
reputational risk for the Group. Furthermore, the Group may be exposed to the risk of liability to its 
customers and reputational damage if such external providers fail to duly perform their services or, 
specifically, if they perform their services in breach of applicable law or banking regulations or if they 
take improper actions which result in an infringement of third party rights. 
Additionally, failures of the Group’s operational risk management system to detect or prevent 
operational problems of third parties which prevent them from performing the activities outsourced to 
them could affect the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects and its 
ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
The occurrence of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The Group’s IT systems may fail or their security may be compromised 
The Group relies heavily on numerous IT systems for a variety of functions, including processing 
applications, providing information to customers, maintaining financial records and providing crucial 
financial and market data to BGK’s Management Board. In addition, the Group uses distribution 
channels based on an IT platform comprising online banking, mobile banking and call centres.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
The Group’s activities involve the use and constant development of several IT platforms dedicated to 
the various segments of the Group. Malfunctions, in particular with respect to the use of and 
interactions between the Group’s IT platforms, information leakages, service interruptions or similar 
events may affect the relationship between the Group and its customers. The Group constantly 
modifies and enhances the protective measures it takes to counteract these risks. Nevertheless, there is 
a risk that such measures may not be effective against all threats related to cyber-attacks, taking into 
account their varying nature and evolving sophistication. A successful attack could result in material 
losses of client or customer information, damage of computer systems, damage the Group’s reputation 
and lead to regulatory penalties or financial losses. 
Moreover, programming errors and similar disruptions could impact the Group’s ability to serve the 
needs of its customers on a timely basis, interrupt the Group’s operations, damage the Group’s 
reputation or require it to incur significant technical, legal and other expenses. In addition, the 
integrated IT system or upgraded information technology systems may fail to meet the needs of the 
Group’s growing and changing business. 
The Group is also subject to regulations regarding the processing of personal data. The General Data 
Protection Regulation imposes a number of obligations and guidelines on companies with regard to 
the processing of personal data. Administrative fines of EUR 20 million, or 4 per cent. of a company’s 
annual turnover from the preceding financial year, whichever is higher, can be imposed for non-
compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation. Data subjects suffering damage resulting 
from unlawful personal data processing may also bring compensation claims under the General Data 
Protection Regulation. Additional obligations and requirements regarding personal data processing 
may also derive from national laws. 
The Group has procedures in place to ensure compliance with the relevant data protection regulations 
by its employees and any third party service providers carrying out processing activities on its behalf, 
and has also implemented security measures to prevent cyber-theft. However, if the Group or any of 
the third party service providers fails to store or transmit personal data in a secure manner, or if any 
loss or unlawful processing of personal data or infringement of applicable regulations were otherwise 
to occur, the Group could be subject to investigative and enforcement action by the relevant 
regulatory authorities and could be subject to claims or complaints from the person to whom the data 
relates to, or could face liability under data protection laws. Should some or all of these risks 
materialise, this may have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations 
of the Group and its ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
The Group faces liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that BGK may be unable to meet current and future (including contingent) 
payment obligations as they become due. Liquidity risk may result from internal factors (for example, 
the impact of negative publicity and/or reputational damage, resulting for instance in excessive 
withdrawal of cash by BGK’s clients or the materialisation of credit risk) and external factors 
(turbulence and crises in the financial markets (such as most recently seen following the collapse of 
Silicon Valley Bank and the forced merger of Credit Suisse with UBS), country risk or disruption in 
the operation of clearing systems). 
The Group becomes exposed to liquidity risk when the maturities of its assets and liabilities do not 
coincide. Maturity mismatches between the Group’s assets and liabilities may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, and results of operations if the Group is unable to 
obtain new deposits or find alternative sources of funding for existing and future loan and advances 
portfolios.  
In terms of current and short-term liquidity risk, if a substantial portion of BGK’s clients withdraw 
their demand deposits or do not roll over their term deposits upon maturity, as would be the case with 
many other banks, BGK’s liquidity position may be adversely affected. Current liquidity may also be 
affected by unfavourable financial market conditions. If assets held by BGK in order to provide 
liquidity become illiquid due to unforeseen financial market events or their value drops substantially

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
(due to the occurrence of events described in detail in the risk factor entitled “The value of the 
Group’s investment and trading portfolios may decrease” above), in such circumstances, BGK might 
not be able to meet its obligations as they become due and therefore might be forced to resort to 
interbank funding, which, in the event of an unstable market situation, may become excessively 
expensive and uncertain. In addition, BGK’s ability to use such external funding sources is directly 
connected with the level of credit lines available to BGK, and this in turn is dependent on BGK’s 
financial and credit condition, as well as general market liquidity.  
A loss of liquidity or an inability to raise sufficient funds to finance its operations, particularly its 
lending operations, may have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of 
operations of the Group and its ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
The Group may not be able to hire, train or retain a sufficient number of qualified personnel 
The success of the Group’s business depends, among other things, on its ability to recruit and 
maintain qualified personnel. The Group is dependent upon high-level management to implement its 
strategy and day-to-day operations. The Group endeavours to reduce the risk of losing key employees 
through various measures, including in particular through management and career development 
measures. Despite these measures, the Group may not succeed in attracting or retaining highly 
qualified employees in the future. In Poland, there is strong competition for qualified personnel 
specialised in banking and finance, especially at middle and upper management levels. 
Competition of this kind may increase the Group’s personnel-related costs and make it difficult to 
recruit and offer incentives to qualified personnel. In addition, the Group’s senior management or key 
employees of the Group’s companies may resign or file a termination notice at any time, which could 
harm the relationships the Group’s companies have developed with its customers. The Group’s 
companies may not be able to retain such employees and, if they do resign, the Group’s companies 
may not be able to replace them with persons of the same ability and experience. This could have a 
material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects of the 
Group. 
Litigation, administrative or other proceedings or actions may adversely affect the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations 
Due to the nature of its business, the Group may be exposed to a risk of court, administrative or other 
proceedings being instituted against it by customers, employees and other persons in connection with 
its business. 
To the best of BGK’s knowledge, as at 31 December 2022, it was a party to 135 court cases in which 
it acted as the plaintiff and 44 in which it acted as the defendant. As at 31 December 2022, the value 
of the Group’s provisions for litigation and legal risks was PLN 37 million.  
The outcome of litigation or similar proceedings or actions is difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs 
in these types of actions against BGK or the Group’s companies may seek recovery in large or 
indeterminate amounts or other remedies that may affect BGK’s or the Group companies’ ability to 
conduct their business, and the magnitude of the potential losses relating to such actions may remain 
unknown for substantial periods of time. The cost to defend future actions may be significant. There 
may also be adverse publicity associated with litigation against particular Group companies that could 
damage the reputation of the Group or the particular companies, regardless of whether the allegations 
are valid or whether the Group is ultimately found liable. This could have a material adverse effect on 
the business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects of the Group.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
Risks related to legal and regulatory environment 
Changes to or an increase in the regulation of the financial services and banking industry in 
Poland and internationally could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business 
Regulations governing the banking and financial services industries in Poland and internationally are 
likely to increase, particularly in the current market environment, where supervisors have recently 
moved to tighten regulations governing financial institutions. As a result of these and other ongoing 
and possible future changes in the financial services regulatory landscape (including requirements 
imposed on the Group as a result of governmental or regulatory initiatives, such as the 
recommendations of the European Union, recommendations of the KNF and directives and 
regulations of the European Parliament and of the Council, that transpose new Basel Committee on 
Banking Supervision standards into European Union Law), the Group may face greater regulation 
with respect to its operations. Compliance with such changes may increase its capital requirements 
and costs, heighten disclosure requirements, hinder entering into or carrying out certain types of 
transactions, affect the Group’s strategy and limit or require modification of the rates or fees that it 
charges on certain loan and other products, any of which could lower the return ratio on its 
investments, assets and equity. The Group may thus face increased compliance costs and limitations 
on its ability to pursue certain business opportunities and, consequently, could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
As a result of new recommendations from the KNF, as well as other possible changes in existing 
recommendations and the issuance of new recommendations affecting supervision, BGK may become 
subject to more onerous and strict supervision, increased capital adequacy requirements, changes in its 
risk model and risk management or be required to incur additional costs, as well as be subject to 
restrictions on certain types of transactions. 
The Group also faces risks related to environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) regulations or 
market trends concerning the financial markets. In particular, BGK is required to implement 
mechanisms concerning ESG risk management, all of which may cause BGK to change its current 
risk models, incur additional costs or limit certain types of transactions, including financing of sectors 
or companies with low ESG ratings.  
The occurrence of any of the above-mentioned factors may affect the Group’s strategy, its growth 
potential, its fees and commissions, and profit margins and, consequently, could have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group may fail to comply with, or be subject to changes in, certain regulatory requirements 
applicable to banking and other regulated businesses, or with the guidelines set forth by financial 
supervisory authorities in the markets where the Group is present 
Apart from its banking operations, the Group also provides certain financial and ancillary services 
regarding financial instruments and offers transactional banking products that are subject to the 
supervision of the KNF. The catalogue of products offered by BGK and the scope of services 
provided also depends on EU directives and regulations as well as third tier legislation issued by 
European regulatory authorities (e.g., ESMA and the European Banking Authority). 
Due to the nature of BGK’s business activities and the relationship with the State Treasury, BGK is 
exempted from certain regulatory requirements. Nevertheless, the increasing number and ambiguity of 
certain regulatory requirements, and their application to the Group in the markets where the Group is 
present, together with changes to the regulatory requirements and guidelines, has placed an increased 
burden on BGK and other Group entities to amend their internal policies and procedures in order to 
comply with applicable regulatory regimes. In addition, the requirements and obligations applicable to 
BGK and other Group entities stemming from different jurisdictions and the application thereof may 
be unclear and contradictory and could potentially result in instances of non-compliance.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
Uncertainty with regard to the new rules and guidelines during the period in which they are 
implemented in the jurisdictions relevant to the Group, as well as potential further changes to 
European or Polish banking regulations, might impact the Group’s ability to access capital or carry 
out certain business activities. 
Non-compliance with the above mentioned requirements may expose the Bank or other Group entities 
to sanctions, fines and other penalties, which may have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The KNF may identify issues during inspections of the Bank in the future which, if not adequately 
resolved by the Bank, may result in sanctions, fines or other penalties 
In the course of its activities, the Group is subject to numerous inspections, reviews, audits and 
explanatory proceedings conducted by various supervisors which supervise the financial services 
sector and other areas in which the Group operates, including the KNF. Inspections by the KNF are 
conducted periodically. The latest one took place in the fourth quarter of 2022.  
If any irregularities are found by these supervisory authorities and BGK fails to remedy them, BGK 
may be exposed to sanctions, fines and other penalties as prescribed by the Banking Law. This could 
adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
Risks related to the replacement of WIBOR benchmark 
Due to rising interest rates, which resulted in a significant increase in consumer mortgages instalments 
paid by Polish borrowers, the calculation methodology of WIBOR (as commonly used in loan 
agreements) has recently started to be questioned by the general public in Poland, and there have been 
calls for WIBOR to be replaced by an alternative benchmark. 
On 7 July 2022, the Polish Parliament enacted the act on crowdfunding for business ventures and 
assistance to borrowers which, inter alia, granted the Minister of Finance the powers to issue 
regulations to determine a substitute benchmark for WIBOR on the basis of the POLONIA rate 
pursuant to the recommendations of the Financial Stability Committee and the KNF. On 13 July 2022, 
the National Working Group for the Reform of Benchmarks (the “National Working Group”) was 
established, with representatives of the Ministry of Finance, the National Bank of Poland, the KNF, 
the Bank Guarantee Fund, the Polish Development Fund Group, the Warsaw Stock Exchange, the 
National Depository for Securities, BGK, GPW Benchmark, leading commercial banks, banks 
associating cooperative banks, investment fund management companies, insurance undertakings, and 
professional associations of financial market entities. The establishment of the National Working 
Group was with the aim to prepare a roadmap and a schedule of activities for a smooth and safe 
implementation of each element of a process leading to the WIBOR interest rate benchmark being 
replaced with a new benchmark. On 2 September 2022, the National Working Group selected WIRD 
(the Warsaw Deposit Market Index) as an alternative interest rate benchmark for WIBOR and to 
ultimately become the critical interest rate benchmark as defined in the EU Benchmarks Regulation, 
which is applied in financial contracts (e.g. credit agreements), financial instruments (e.g. debt 
securities or derivatives) and by investment funds (e.g. to determine the asset management fees). 
Subsequently, on 3 October 2022, the summary of the expected roadmap for the replacement of 
WIBOR and WIBID benchmarks with the WIRON index (the “WIBOR Replacement Roadmap”) 
was published by the National Working Group, which declared a change of the name of the 
alternative interest rate benchmark for WIBOR from WIRD to WIRON (the Warsaw Interest Rate 
Overnight), as developed and published by GPW Benchmark, in order to better reflect the 
characteristics of the critical interest rate benchmark (i.e. reliance on the data representing overnight 
transactions). In the WIBOR Replacement Roadmap, the National Working Group assumed that the 
benchmark reform in Poland will be completed by the end of 2024, while the new offer of financial 
products using the WIRON index is expected to progress gradually in 2023 and 2024, with the 
objective of ceasing to use the WIBOR reference rate by the start of 2025. Nevertheless, as the said 
benchmark reform is a sensitive social and political issue, the replacement of WIBOR may be 
accelerated.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
As WIRON interest rates are generally expected to be lower than WIBOR, introducing WIRON as an 
alternative benchmark may lead to a decrease of BGK interest income under the loans in its portfolio. 
It may also create operational challenges associated with adapting BGK’s internal processes and 
settlement procedures to the new benchmark. 
Poland’s access to EU funds and subsidies may be limited due to the rule of law dispute 
Since 2015, the Polish Government has focused on reforming judicial systems. These reforms have 
reduced judicial independence from other state bodies. As a result, the European Commission initiated 
an official review of Poland’s commitment to European Union standards for adherence to the rule of 
law. Under Article 7 of the Treaty on the European Union, proceedings, initiated by the European 
Commission against Poland in December 2017, the Council may rule that Poland has committed a 
serious and persistent breach of common EU values and decide to suspend certain rights Poland has as 
member of the EU, including the voting rights of the Government’s representative in the Council, and 
to impose economic sanctions such as limiting Poland’s access to EU funds and subsidies. As of the 
date of this Offering Circular, proceedings under Article 7 of the Treaty on European Union remain in 
progress. In addition, on 1 January 2021, Regulation (EU, Euratom) 2020/2092 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 December 2020 on a general regime of conditionality for the 
protection of the Union budget (“Regulation 2020/2092”) entered into force, providing the European 
Commission with the ability to submit motions and take certain measures that can be applied against 
Member States which breach the principle of the rule of law, including, among others, the ability to 
suspend payments under the EU budget. Poland filed a case against Regulation 2020/2092; however, 
it was rejected by the Court of Justice of the European Union. In October 2022, EU officials 
announced that the latest round of cohesion funding available to Poland will be held back by the 
European Commission until the rule of law dispute is resolved. As of the date of this Offering 
Circular, only a small sum, constituting approximately 0.5 per cent. of the overall amount, has been 
received by Poland. 
Prolonged suspension of payments under EU funds and subsidies to Poland could negatively affect 
Polish economy. This could adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations 
of the Group. 
Interpretation of Polish tax law regulations may be unclear and Polish tax laws and regulations 
may change 
The Polish tax system is subject to frequent changes. Some provisions of Polish tax law are 
ambiguous and often there is no unanimous or uniform interpretation of law or uniform practice by 
the tax authorities. Because of different interpretations of Polish tax law, the risk connected with 
Polish tax law may be greater than that under other tax jurisdictions in more developed markets. BGK 
cannot guarantee that the Polish tax authorities will not take a different, unfavourable, interpretation 
of tax provisions implemented by BGK or any Group member, which may have an adverse effect on 
the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
Risks related to any Guarantee of the Notes 
Set out below is a brief description of the risks relating to any Guarantee of the Notes. Notes other 
than Guaranteed Notes will not benefit from any Guarantee of the Notes. 
The scope of any Guarantee of the Notes will be limited 
Each Tranche of Guaranteed Notes is subject to a separate Guarantee of the Notes, substantially in the 
form set out in this Offering Circular. Each Guarantee of the Notes will need to be authorised and/or 
approved by the State Treasury of the Republic of Poland on an issue by issue basis. 
Each Guarantee of the Notes will be limited to 140 per cent. of the principal value of the relevant 
Tranche of Guaranteed Notes. Each Guarantee of the Notes will cover only the payment of the 
principal value of the relevant Tranche of Guaranteed Notes and accrued interest. A Guarantee of the 
Notes will not cover any default interest under such Guaranteed Notes or the Issuer’s liability under

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
related indemnities, including the currency indemnity. Therefore, it is possible that not all 
Noteholders’ claims under the Guaranteed Notes will be satisfied by the Guarantor in full if these 
claims fall outside the scope of a Guarantee of the Notes. 
Any Guarantee of the Notes will be limited in time 
The period of the effectiveness of each Guarantee of the Notes will be limited such that each 
Guarantee of the Notes will expire on the day falling six months after the maturity date of the relevant 
Tranche of Guaranteed Notes. A claim brought by a Noteholder after the expiration of the relevant 
Guarantee of the Notes will not be satisfied under that Guarantee of the Notes. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the 
most common such features. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
• 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Offering Circular or any applicable supplement; 
• 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have 
on its overall investment portfolio; 
• 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s 
currency; 
• 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
• 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser or other adviser) 
possible scenarios for economic, interest rate, legal and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to 
their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the 
Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the 
impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to “benchmarks” 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interest rates or other types of rates and 
indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international 
regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while 
others are still to be implemented. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, in the EU.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution 
of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, in the UK. The EU Benchmarks Regulation 
or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to 
EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (among other things) have the effect of reducing 
or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the 
benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the 
general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes 
of certain “benchmarks”. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank 
announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of 
a “risk free overnight rate” which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in 
a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working 
group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate (“€STR”) as the new risk-
free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although 
EURIBOR subsequently has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will 
be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of 
any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (as further described in Condition 7(j) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation)) and could result in adverse consequences for holders of any Notes linked to such 
benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other 
such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any 
changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such 
benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on 
the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same 
benchmark. 
In certain circumstances, the Conditions provide for fallback arrangements in the event that a relevant 
benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)) becomes unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative, including the possibility that the rate of 
interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate 
or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a 
relevant governmental body. No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with 
effecting any relevant successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable) or any other related 
adjustments described above. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to 
apply. Moreover, any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there 
can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment 
will be favourable to each Noteholder. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a 
particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being 
used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the 
rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate 
as intended at the relevant time.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
The consequences described above could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any such Floating Rate Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to 
the setting or existence of any relevant benchmarks could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. Investors should consult their 
own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks arising from the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms or from the possible 
cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider the reinvestment 
risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other 
similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do 
not include those features. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a 
reference rate such as EURIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than 
market values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and 
with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase 
in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase 
in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this 
will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected 
to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the 
same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate 
may be lower than the then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally. 
Modification and waiver 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Notes, the Conditions, any Guarantee of the Notes 
and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to correct a manifest error or to give effect to modifications which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests 
of Holders.  
The Conditions applicable to Guaranteed Notes contain a “collective action” clause. 
The Conditions applicable to Guaranteed Notes contain provisions regarding amendments, 
modifications and waivers, commonly referred to as “collective action” clauses. Such clauses permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders of Guaranteed Notes, including Noteholders of Guaranteed 
Notes who did not vote and Noteholders of Guaranteed Notes who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. 
The Issuer may issue debt securities which contain collective action clauses substantially in the same 
form as the collective action clauses in the Conditions applicable to Guaranteed Notes. If this occurs, 
then this could mean that the Guaranteed Notes would be capable of aggregation with any such other 
Debt Securities (as defined in the Conditions) which includes, among others, any other bills, bonds, 
debentures, notes or other debt securities issued or guaranteed by the Guarantor. This means that a 
defined majority of the holders of such Debt Securities (when taken in the aggregate) would be able to 
bind all holders of Debt Securities in all the relevant aggregated series, including the Guaranteed 
Notes. 
Any modification or actions relating to Reserved Matters (as defined in the Conditions), including in 
respect of payments and other important terms, may be made to the Guaranteed Notes with the 
consent of the holders of 75 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Guaranteed 
Notes present and voting at a quorate meeting, and to multiple series of Debt Securities containing a 
collective action clause substantially in the same form as the collective action clause in the 
Guaranteed Notes with the consent of both (i) the holders of 75 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Debt Securities represented at separate duly called and quorate meetings of 
all series being aggregated and (ii) the holders of 66 2/3 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Debt Securities represented at separate duly called and quorate meetings of each 
series being aggregated.  
In addition, there is a risk that the provisions allowing for aggregation across multiple debt securities 
may make the Guaranteed Notes less attractive to purchasers in the secondary market on the 
occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Conditions applicable to Guaranteed Notes) or in 
a distress situation. 
Such conditions of the Guaranteed Notes and/or the relevant Guarantee of the Notes may adversely 
affect the trading price of the relevant Guaranteed Notes. 
Change of law 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Offering Circular. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
or administrative practice after the date of this Offering Circular and any such change could materially 
and adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: Definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount 
which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding (should 
Definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its 
holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid 
and difficult to trade. 
Investors will have to rely on the procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
The Notes will be represented by the Global Notes or Global Registered Notes that may be deposited 
with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, in 
the case of the Restricted Global Registered Notes, may be deposited with, or registered in the name 
of, a nominee for DTC. Except in certain limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Definitive Notes. Similarly, Individual Note Certificates 
will only be available in certain limited circumstances described in the Global Registered Notes. Each 
of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants 
will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes and Global Registered Notes (as 
applicable). While the Notes are represented by the Global Notes or Global Registered Notes, 
investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (as applicable) and their respective participants. 
Where the Notes will be represented by the Global Notes or Global Registered Notes, the Issuer will 
discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the bearer of a Global Note 
or the holder of a Global Registered Note. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or Global 
Registered Note must rely on the procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as 
applicable) to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the 
records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global 
Registered Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Registered Notes will not have a direct 
right to vote in respect of the Notes so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only 
to the extent that they are enabled by DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their 
respective participants (as applicable) to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial 
interests in the Global Notes or Global Registered Notes will not have a direct right under the Global 
Notes or Global Registered Notes to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a 
default under the Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant. 
Enforceability of Judgments 
The United Kingdom and Poland are parties to the Hague Convention (as defined in “Enforceability 
of Judgments” below). A judgment obtained in the United Kingdom would not be recognised or 
enforced under the Hague Convention under certain circumstances. The Polish Civil Procedure Code 
provides special rules concerning enforcement of claims against the Guarantor. Noteholders seeking 
to enforce an English court judgment against the Issuer or the Guarantor may need to rely on Polish 
civil procedures rules for the recognition and enforcement of any such judgment in Poland. A Polish 
court may refuse to declare enforceable a judgment issued against the Issuer or the Guarantor in an

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
English court in case the obstacles listed in the Hague Convention exist. In addition, it may not be 
possible for investors in the Notes to effect service of process in jurisdictions outside the United 
States against the Issuer, its directors or the Guarantor or to enforce, in original actions or in actions 
for enforcement brought in jurisdictions located outside the United States, judgments of U.S. courts or 
civil liabilities predicated upon U.S. federal securities laws. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange 
rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk. 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to 
interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or 
have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These 
types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of 
Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer and (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor will pay principal and interest on 
the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an 
investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
“Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates 
may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on 
the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer or (if applicable) the 
Guarantor to make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Inflation risk 
Inflation risk is the risk of future depreciation of money. The real yield from an investment is reduced 
by inflation. The higher the rate of inflation, the lower the real yield on the Note. If the inflation rate is 
equal to or higher than the nominal yield of the Note, the real yield is zero or even negative and the 
investors may receive no or negative returns on the Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the 
assigning rating agency at any time. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of 
any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
ENFORCEABILITY OF JUDGMENTS 
The Issuer is a state bank incorporated under the laws of Poland. None of the directors or executive 
officers of the Issuer is a resident of the United States or United Kingdom, and all or a substantial 
portion of the assets of the Issuer and such persons, as well as the Guarantor, are located outside the 
United States and United Kingdom. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service 
of process within the United States or United Kingdom upon the Issuer, such persons or the Guarantor 
or to enforce against any of them in the United States or United Kingdom courts judgments obtained 
in US or UK courts, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities 
laws of the United States or any State or territory within the United States. 
The United Kingdom and Poland (as a member state of the European Union) are parties to the Hague 
Convention of 30 June 2005 on Choice of Court Agreements (the “Hague Convention”). The 
provisions of the Hague Convention will apply to the exclusive jurisdiction clause in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes and to the grounds for recognition and 
enforcement of judgments obtained in the courts of the United Kingdom in respect of the Guarantee 
of the Notes and/or the Notes. Recognition or enforcement of a UK court judgment may be refused 
only on the grounds specified in the Hague Convention. 
A judgment obtained in the United Kingdom would not be recognised or enforced under the Hague 
Convention, inter alia, if a) the agreement was null and void under the law of the state of the chosen 
court, unless the chosen court has determined that the agreement is valid; b) a party lacked the 
capacity to conclude the agreement under the law of the requested state; c) the document which 
instituted the proceedings or an equivalent document, including the essential elements of the claim: 
i) was not notified to the defendant in sufficient time and in such a way as to enable him to arrange for 
his defence, unless the defendant entered an appearance and presented his case without contesting 
notification in the court of origin, provided that the law of the state of origin permitted notification to 
be contested; or ii) was notified to the defendant in the requested state in a manner that is 
incompatible with fundamental principles of the requested state concerning service of documents; 
d) the judgment was obtained by fraud in connection with a matter of procedure; e) recognition or 
enforcement would be manifestly incompatible with the public policy of the requested state, including 
situations where the specific proceedings leading to the judgment were incompatible with 
fundamental principles of procedural fairness of that state; f) the judgment is inconsistent with a 
judgment given in the requested state in a dispute between the same parties; or g) the judgment is 
inconsistent with an earlier judgment given in another state between the same parties on the same 
cause of action, provided that the earlier judgment fulfils the conditions necessary for its recognition 
in the requested state. 
Under the Hague Convention, the procedure for recognition, declaration of enforceability or 
registration for enforcement, and the enforcement of the judgement, are governed by the law of the 
state where recognition or enforcement is requested to take place unless the Hague Convention 
provides otherwise. 
The Guarantor is a sovereign State. Consequently, it may be difficult for investors to obtain or enforce 
judgments of courts in the United States against the Guarantor. The Guarantor will irrevocably submit 
to the jurisdiction of the courts in United Kingdom, and will irrevocably waive any immunity from the 
jurisdiction (including sovereign immunity but not all immunity from execution or attachment or 
process in the nature thereof) of such courts and any objection to venue, in connection with any action 
arising out of or based upon the Notes brought by any holder of the Notes. 
The Guarantor reserves the right to plead sovereign immunity under the United States Foreign 
Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976 (the “Immunities Act”) with respect to actions brought against it 
under U.S. federal securities laws or any state securities laws. In the absence of a waiver of immunity 
by Poland with respect to such action, it would not be possible to obtain a U.S. judgment in such an 
action against the Guarantor unless a court were to determine that the Guarantor is not entitled under 
the Immunities Act to sovereign immunity with respect to such action. The enforceability in Poland of

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
final judgments of U.S. courts, including those obtained in actions predicated upon the civil liability 
provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws, will be subject to the rules governing enforcement in 
Poland of civil judgments of foreign courts specified in the Polish Code of Civil Procedure. 
The Immunities Act may also provide a means for limited execution upon such property of the 
Guarantor in the United States as is related to the service or administration of the Guarantee under the 
Notes. Under the laws of Poland, subject to certain exceptions, assets of the Guarantor are immune 
from attachment or other forms of execution whether before or after judgment. The Guarantor does 
not waive any immunity in respect of property which is ambassadorial or consular property or 
buildings or the contents thereof, in each case situated outside Poland, or any bank accounts of such 
embassies or consulates, in each case necessary for proper ambassadorial and consular functions, or 
any military property or assets of Poland nor does it waive immunity from execution or attachment or 
process in the nature thereof. 
According to the Polish Civil Procedure Code (Kodeks postępowania cywilnego), foreign judgments 
suitable for enforcement become enforceable after they are declared enforceable by a Polish court. In 
cases where the Hague Convention applies, the declaration of enforceability takes place if there are no 
obstacles specified in the Hague Convention. The Polish Code of Civil Procedure also provides for a 
limited list of obstacles that prevent a recognition of a judgment or a declaration of its enforcement, 
however, as commonly accepted, the conditions set forth in the Hague Convention, where applicable, 
take precedence. 
Foreign court judgments are recognizable under Article 1145 of the Polish Code of Civil Procedure 
and are enforceable in Poland under Article 1150 of the Polish Code of Civil Procedure provided 
there are no negative grounds listed in Article 1146 of the Polish Code of Civil Procedure or they are 
not enforceable in the country of their origin, with the exception of foreign court judgments that were 
issued in the countries with which Poland is bound by a relevant international treaty (bilateral or 
multilateral) and such treaty waives the application of the relevant provisions of the Polish Code of 
Civil Procedure. 
Pursuant to Article 1145 of the Polish Code of Civil Procedure, judgments of foreign courts issued in 
civil cases are automatically recognized in Poland by operation of law unless an entity with a legal 
interest in the proceedings brings a declaratory action under Article 1148 of the Polish Code of Civil 
Procedure to establish that there exists an exception as set forth in Article 1146 of the Code of Civil 
Procedure. 
Pursuant to Article 1146, Section 1 of the Polish Code of Civil Procedure, a judgment issued by a 
foreign court will not be recognized if: 
(i) 
it is not legally final and binding in the state where it was issued; 
(ii) 
it was issued in a case subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of Polish courts; 
(iii) 
the defendant, who did not engage in dispute as to the essence of the case, has not received, 
duly and at a time making it possible to undertake defence, the letter initiating the 
proceedings; 
(iv) 
a party was deprived of the possibility to defend itself in the course of proceedings; 
(v) 
a case for the same claim between the same parties had been pending in Poland earlier than 
before the foreign court; 
(vi) 
it is contrary to an earlier legally final and binding judgment of a Polish court or an earlier 
legally final and binding judgment of a foreign court complying with the conditions of its 
recognition in Poland issued in a case for the same claim between the same parties; or 
(vii) 
recognition would be contrary to the basic principles of public policy in Poland.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
Reciprocity in the recognition of judgments between Poland and the foreign court’s country is no 
longer necessary. 
Recognition of a foreign judgment in Poland does not automatically bring about its enforcement. In 
order for a foreign judgment to be declared enforceable in Poland, it has to be enforceable in the 
country of its origin and should not fall under the conditions for the refusal of recognition set out in 
Article 1146 of the Polish Code of Civil Procedure. 
Subject to the above, if all the relevant conditions are met, the enforceability in Poland of final 
judgments of UK courts would not require retrial in Poland. However, a Polish court would need to 
issue an order declaring the foreign judgment enforceable in Poland. Such an order is subject to an 
appeal and a cassation appeal to the Supreme Court. 
The Polish Civil Procedure Code (Kodeks postępowania cywilnego) provides special rules concerning 
enforcement of claims against the Guarantor. Among other provisions, the enforcement of pecuniary 
claims against the Guarantor may be made solely against the bank accounts of the public entity 
representing the Guarantor. The enforcement must be preceded by a notice demanding the payment of 
claims. As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Minister of Finance represents the Guarantor in 
respect of the Guarantee of the Notes and the relevant bank accounts include, without limitation, the 
central budget current account as defined in Art. 196(1)(1) of the Act dated 27 August 2009 on Public 
Finance. 
In additions, in original actions brought before Polish courts, there is doubt as to the enforceability of 
liabilities based on the U.S. federal securities laws.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Offering Circular (including the information incorporated by reference into this Offering 
Circular) contains statements which are, or may be deemed to be, “forward looking statements” which 
are prospective in nature. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward looking 
statements. They are based on current expectations and projections about future events, and are 
therefore subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from 
the future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Often, but not always, 
forward looking statements can be identified by the use of forward looking words such as “plans”, 
“expects”, “is expected”, “is subject to”, “budget”, “scheduled”, “estimates”, “forecasts”, “intends”, 
“anticipates”, “believes”, “targets”, “aims”, “projects” or words or terms of similar substance or the 
negative thereof, as well as variations of such words and phrases or statements that certain actions, 
events or results “may”, “could”, “should”, “would”, “might” or “will” be taken, occur or be 
achieved. Such statements are qualified in their entirety by the inherent risks and uncertainties 
surrounding future expectations. Forward looking statements include statements relating to the 
following: (i) future capital expenditures, expenses, revenues, earnings, economic performance, 
indebtedness, financial condition, losses and future prospects; (ii) business and management strategies 
and the expansion and growth of the Issuer’s operations; (iii) plans with respect to the implementation 
of economic policy, and the pace of economic and legal reforms; (iv) expectations about the 
behaviour of the economy if certain economic policies are implemented; and (v) the outlook for 
inflation, exchange rates, interest rates, foreign investment, trade and fiscal accounts. 
Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could 
significantly affect expected results and are based on certain key assumptions. Many factors may 
cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Issuer to be materially different from any 
future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
Important factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements of the Group to differ 
materially from the expectations of the Group include, among other things, development of the Polish 
economy, inflation and interest rates. Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance 
or achievements to differ materially include, but are not limited to, those discussed under Risk 
Factors.  
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. The Issuer and 
the Guarantor expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or 
revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in the Issuer’s or 
the Guarantor’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances 
on which any such statement is based.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
RATINGS 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the following credit ratings have been assigned to the Issuer: 
 
Foreign Currency 
Local currency 
Rating Agency 
Long-term 
Short-term 
Long-term 
Short-term 
Moody’s Investors Service Cyprus Ltd. 
A2  
P-1 
A2 
P-1 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
A-  
F1 
A-  
F1+ 
Source: BGK  
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the following credit ratings have been assigned to the 
Guarantor: 
 
Foreign Currency 
Local Currency 
Rating Agency 
Long-term 
Short-term 
Long-term 
Short-term 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ..............  
A-  
F1 
A- 
F1 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH ..............  
A2  
P-1 
A2 
P-1 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited...  
A-  
A-2 
A 
A-1 
Source: BGK  
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in Dublin, Ireland, Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is 
established in Frankfurt, Germany, Moody's Investors Service Cyprus Ltd. is established in Limassol, 
Cyprus, and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is established in Dublin, Ireland. Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited, Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, Moody's Investors Service Cyprus Ltd. and S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited are all established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating(s) assigned to the Issuer or to Notes already issued. Whether or not each credit rating applied 
for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (A) (i) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation, (ii) issued by a credit rating agency 
which is not established in the EEA but will be endorsed by a credit rating agency which is 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (iii) issued by a credit rating 
agency which is not established in the EEA but which is certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation, and/or (B) (i) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of the domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA ( the “UK CRA Regulation”), (ii) issued by a credit rating agency which 
is not established in the UK but will be endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (iii) issued by a credit rating agency which is not 
established in the UK but which is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation, will in each 
case be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. This list must be updated within 5 working days of ESMA’s adoption of any decision to 
withdraw the registration of a credit rating agency under the CRA Regulation. The ESMA website is 
not incorporated by reference into, nor does it form part of, this Offering Circular. 
Prospective investors who are European regulated investors (including credit institutions as defined in 
Directive 2013/36/EU (as amended), investments firms as defined in MiFID II, undertakings for 
collective investment in transferable securities (UCITS) as defined in Directive 2009/65/EC and 
institutions for occupational retirement provision as defined in Directive (EU) 2016/2341) should note 
that, in general, they are restricted from using a credit rating (as such term is defined in the CRA 
Regulation) for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but which is certified under the CRA Regulation. 
Prospective investors who are UK regulated investors (including credit institutions as defined in 
Directive 2013/36/EU (as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA), 
investments firms as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK 
by virtue of the EUWA), undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities (UCITS) as 
defined in Directive 2009/65/EC (as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA) and institutions for occupational retirement provision as defined in Directive (EU) 2016/2341 
(as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA) should note that, in general, 
they are restricted from using a credit rating (as such term is defined in the UK CRA Regulation) for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different 
regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in any secondary 
market. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Offering Circular shall be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement hereto and, in 
relation to any Tranche of Notes, together with the relevant Final Terms, in each case on the basis that 
such supplement or such Final Terms is or are incorporated into and form part of this Offering 
Circular, provided, however, that any statement contained in this Offering Circular or in any of the 
documents incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this Offering Circular shall be deemed 
to be modified or superseded for the purposes of this Offering Circular to the extent that a statement 
contained in any supplement to this Offering Circular modifies or supersedes such statement (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any such statement so modified or supplemented shall not be 
deemed to constitute a part of this Offering Circular except as so modified or superseded. 
The Issuer will, at the specified offices of the Paying Agents, provide, free of charge, upon oral or 
written request, a copy of this Offering Circular (or any document incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular). Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the specified 
office of any Paying Agent or the specified office of the Listing Agent in Luxembourg. 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Offering 
Circular:  
1. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of BGK for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 (“2022 Consolidated Financial Statements”) 
(https://www.en.bgk.pl/files/public/en/files/Financial_statement/2022_-
_Financial_statement/SSF_GK_BGK_2022-12-31_EN.pdf); 
Section 
Page number 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss ............................................................  
4 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income ............................................  
4 
Consolidated statement of financial position .....................................................  
5 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity .....................................................  
6 - 7 
Consolidated statement of cash flows ...............................................................  
8 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ..................................................  
9 - 122 
2. 
the opinion and report of the auditor concerning the consolidated financial statements of BGK 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 
(https://www.en.bgk.pl/files/public/en/files/Financial_statement/2022_-
_Financial_statement/GK_BGK_1.XHTML); 
3. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of BGK for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021 (“2021 Consolidated Financial Statements”) 
(https://www.en.bgk.pl/files/public/en/files/Financial_statement/2021_-
_consolidated/SSF_GK_BGK_2021-12-31_EN.pdf); 
Section 
Page number 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss ............................................................  
4 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income ............................................  
4 
Consolidated statement of financial position .....................................................  
5 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity .....................................................  
6 - 7 
Consolidated statement of cash flows ...............................................................  
8 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ..................................................  
9 - 134

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
4. 
the opinion and report of the auditor concerning the consolidated financial statements of BGK 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2021  
(https://www.en.bgk.pl/files/public/en/files/Financial_statement/2021_-
_consolidated/GK_BGK_2021-12-31_en.xhtml); 
5. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of BGK for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020 (the “2020 Consolidated Financial Statements”) 
(https://www.en.bgk.pl/files/public/Pliki/Sprawozdanie_finansowe/2020-skonsolidowane-
eng/SSF_GK_BGK_2020_EN.pdf); 
Section 
Page number 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss ............................................................  
4 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income ............................................  
4 
Consolidated statement of financial position .....................................................  
5 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity .....................................................  
6 - 7 
Consolidated statement of cash flows ...............................................................  
8 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ..................................................  
9 - 130 
6. 
the opinion and report of the auditor concerning the consolidated financial statements of BGK 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2020  
(https://www.en.bgk.pl/files/public/Pliki/Sprawozdanie_finansowe/2020-skonsolidowane-
eng/GK_BGK_Auditors_report_EN.xhtml); 
7. 
the audited standalone financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 December 2022 (the “2022 Standalone Financial Statements”); 
(https://www.en.bgk.pl/files/public/en/files/Financial_statement/2022_-
_Financial_statement/SF_BGK_2022-12-31_EN.pdf); 
Section 
Page number 
Statement of profit or loss .................................................................................  
4 
Statement of comprehensive income .................................................................  
4 
Statement of financial position ..........................................................................  
5 
Statement of changes in equity ..........................................................................  
6 
Statement of cash flows .....................................................................................  
7 
Notes to the financial statements .......................................................................  
8 - 118 
Statements of Funds established under separate legislation for the financial 
year from 1 January to 31 December 2022 
119 (1) – 167 (49) 
8. 
the opinion and report of the auditor concerning the standalone financial statements of the 
Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 
(https://www.en.bgk.pl/files/public/en/files/Financial_statement/2022_-
_Financial_statement/BGK_2022-12-31_EN_2022-12-31_en.xhtml); 
9. 
the audited standalone financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021 (the “2021 Standalone Financial Statements”) 
(https://www.en.bgk.pl/files/public/en/files/Financial_statement/2021_-
_Financial_statement/SF_BGK_2021-12-31_EN.pdf);

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
Section 
Page number 
Statement of profit or loss .................................................................................  
4 
Statement of comprehensive income .................................................................  
4 
Statement of financial position ..........................................................................  
5 
Statement of changes in equity ..........................................................................  
6 – 7 
Statement of cash flows .....................................................................................  
8 
Notes to the financial statements .......................................................................  
9 – 125 
Statements of Funds established under separate legislation for the financial 
year from 1 January to 31 December 2021 
126 (1) to 162 (37) 
10. 
the opinion and report of the auditor concerning the standalone financial statements of the 
Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 
(https://www.en.bgk.pl/files/public/en/files/Financial_statement/2021_-
_Financial_statement/BGK_2021-12-31_en.xhtml); 
11. 
the audited standalone financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020 (the “2020 Standalone Financial Statements”) 
(https://www.en.bgk.pl/files/public/Pliki/Sprawozdanie_finansowe/2020-skonsolidowane-
eng/SF_BGK_31122020_EN.xhtml); 
Section 
Page number 
Statement of profit or loss .................................................................................  
4 
Statement of comprehensive income .................................................................  
4 
Statement of financial position ..........................................................................  
5 
Statement of changes in equity ..........................................................................  
6 – 7 
Statement of cash flows .....................................................................................  
8 
Notes to the financial statements .......................................................................  
9 – 120 
Statements of Funds established under separate legislation for the financial 
year from 1 January to 31 December 2020 
121 (1) -152 (32) 
12. 
the opinion and report of the auditor concerning the standalone financial statements of the 
Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 
(https://www.en.bgk.pl/files/public/Pliki/Sprawozdanie_finansowe/2020-skonsolidowane-
eng/BGK_Auditors_report_EN.xhtml);  
13. 
for Guaranteed Notes only, the following sections relating to the Guarantor contained in the 
Prospectus accompanying the Prospectus Supplement of the State Treasury of the Republic of 
Poland dated 28 March 2023 
(https://www.luxse.com/pdf-viewer/103482108): 
• 
About this Prospectus (pages i – ii) 
• 
The Republic of Poland (pages 2 – 16); 
• 
The Economy (pages 17 – 25); 
• 
Balance of Payments and Foreign Trade (pages 26 – 31); 
• 
Monetary and Financial System (pages 32 – 40); 
• 
Public Finance (pages 41 – 54);

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
• 
Public Debt (pages 55 – 60); and 
• 
Total External Debt (pages 61 – 62); 
14. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 22 to 44 of the offering circular dated 4 May 2016 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”  
(https://www.luxse.com/pdf-viewer/2817028); 
15. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 22 to 44 of the offering circular dated 24 October 
2017 relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”  
(https://www.luxse.com/pdf-viewer/100263013); 
16. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 23 to 45 of the offering circular dated 14 May 2018 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”  
(https://www.luxse.com/pdf-viewer/100537879);  
17. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 39 to 64 of the offering circular dated 22 December 
2020 relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”  
(https://www.luxse.com/pdf-viewer/102010459);  
18. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 40 to 68 of the offering circular dated 23 December 
2021 relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”  
 (https://www.luxse.com/pdf-viewer/102671113); 
and 
19. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 57 to 88 of the offering circular dated 16 December 
2022 relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
(https://www.luxse.com/pdf-viewer/103313306). 
For the purposes of Article 19(1) of the Prospectus Regulation, any information not incorporated by 
reference in this Offering Circular, which, for the avoidance of doubt means any information not 
indicated in the cross-reference list above, but contained in one of the documents listed above is either 
deemed not relevant for an investor or is otherwise covered elsewhere in this Offering Circular and, 
for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular, 
information contained on the Issuer’s website does not form part of this Offering Circular. 
In addition, this Offering Circular, any supplements hereto and the documents specified above as 
containing information incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular will also be available on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a Temporary Global Note, without 
interest coupons, or a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, in each case as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note which is not intended to be issued in NGN form, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be 
issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit 
operations” of the central banking system for the Euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided, however, that 
certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for 
Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 
and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form 
is used. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether 
United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor United States Treasury 
Regulation section, including without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with Internal 
Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives 
to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) or United States Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor United States Treasury Regulation section, including without 
limitation, regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or 
otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) 
(the “TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity 
of more than 365 days (taking into account any unilateral right to extend or rollover), that neither the 
TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a 
Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent 
Global Note, without interest coupons, on or after the date that is 40 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments 
will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot 
be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a 
Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent 
exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its 
terms against: 
• 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
• 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the 
aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
provided, however, that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note. 
If: 
a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased 
by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
has requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note; or 
b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary 
Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal 
falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for 
payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the 
request of the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form (“Definitive 
Notes”): 
a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; or 
b) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
c) 
if the Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note”, then if either of the following events occurs: 
i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default). 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated 
and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary 
Global Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in 
accordance with its terms; or

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent 
Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal 
falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance 
with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become 
void at 5.00p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on the date on which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that 
neither the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for 
Definitive Notes on or after the date that is 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the 
Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then 
the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in 
whole or in part, for Definitive Notes on or after the date that is 40 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for 
Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated 
and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the 
Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; 
or 
b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary 
Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal 
falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance 
with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become 
void at 5.00p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will 
have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant).

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global 
Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the 
“Permanent Global Note”, then if either of the following events occurs: 
i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default). 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated 
and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent 
Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal 
falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance 
with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global 
Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
In relation to any issue of Notes which are specified in the Final Terms as Global Notes exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes in circumstances other than in the limited circumstances specified in the relevant 
Global Note, such Notes may only be issued in denominations equal to, or greater than, EUR100,000 
(or equivalent) and multiples thereof. 
Exchanges of Notes and Specified Denomination 
The exchange upon expiry of a period of notice or at any time options referred to above should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the relevant Notes includes language 
substantially to the following effect: “€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up 
to and including €199,000”. Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction is not permitted 
in relation to any issuance of Notes, which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary 
Global Note or a Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer 
all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global 
Note or Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will 
consist of the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms which supplement, amend and/or replace those terms and 
conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
“Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in 
global form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a 
legend to the following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code.” 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes that are Unrestricted Notes will be in the form of either individual 
note certificates in registered form (“Individual Unrestricted Note Certificates”) or represented by 
an Unrestricted Global Registered Note, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each 
Tranche of Registered Notes that are Restricted Notes will be in the form of either individual note 
certificates in registered form (“Individual Restricted Note Certificates”) or represented by a 
Restricted Global Registered Note, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, “Evolution of the custody arrangement for international 
debt securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations”, the ECB announced that it has 
assessed the new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs 
had designed in cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the NSS would 
be in compliance with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit 
operations” of the Eurosystem, subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual 
arrangements. The press release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS 
form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that 
registered debt securities in global registered form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if 
the New Safekeeping Structure is used. 
Each Unrestricted Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be 
held under the NSS, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant 
Unrestricted Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the relevant issue date with the 
common depositary and will be exchangeable for Individual Unrestricted Note Certificates in 
accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under the New Safekeeping

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Unrestricted 
Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the relevant issue date with the common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for Individual 
Unrestricted Note Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
Each Restricted Global Registered Note will be deposited on the relevant issue date with (a) and 
registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the NSS), (b) and registered in the 
name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (in the 
case of a Note to be held under the NSS) or (c) a custodian for, and registered in the name of, Cede & 
Co. as nominee for, the DTC, and will be exchangeable for Individual Restricted Note Certificates in 
accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Individual Unrestricted Note 
Certificates” or “Individual Restricted Note Certificates”, then the Notes will at all times be in the 
form of the applicable Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of their 
respective holdings. 
Unrestricted Global Registered Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Unrestricted Global Registered Note 
exchangeable for Individual Unrestricted Note Certificates”, then the Notes will initially be in the 
form of an Unrestricted Global Registered Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, 
for Individual Unrestricted Note Certificates: 
a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the 
Unrestricted Global Registered Note”, then if either of the following events occurs: 
i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default). 
Whenever the Unrestricted Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Unrestricted 
Note Certificates, the Issuer shall procure that Individual Unrestricted Note Certificates will be issued 
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Unrestricted Global Registered 
Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of the 
Unrestricted Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete 
and deliver such Individual Unrestricted Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names 
and addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Unrestricted Note Certificates are to be 
registered and the principal amount of each such person’s holding) against the surrender of the 
Unrestricted Global Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall 
be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in 
respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection 
with such exchange. 
If:

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
a) 
Individual Unrestricted Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00  p.m. (London 
time) on the thirtieth day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the 
terms of the Unrestricted Global Registered Note; or 
b) 
any of the Notes represented by an Unrestricted Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has 
become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the 
date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the 
amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the 
holder of the Unrestricted Global Registered Note in accordance with the terms of the 
Unrestricted Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Unrestricted Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual 
Unrestricted Note Certificates) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in 
the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and 
the holder of the Unrestricted Global Registered Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Unrestricted Global Registered Note or others 
may have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled 
to an interest in a Unrestricted Global Registered Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those 
rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Unrestricted Global 
Registered Note became void, they had been the holders of Individual Unrestricted Note Certificates 
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding 
in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which are specified in the Final Terms as Unrestricted Global 
Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Unrestricted Note Certificates in circumstances other 
than in the limited circumstances specified in the relevant Unrestricted Global Registered Note, such 
Notes may only be issued in denominations equal to, or greater than, EUR 100,000 (or equivalent) 
and multiples thereof. 
In respect of Notes which are not Guaranteed Notes, prior to expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to such Notes, beneficial interests in an Unrestricted 
Global Registered Note may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person 
save as otherwise provided in “Clearing and Settlement—Transfers of Registered Notes” and such 
Unrestricted Global Registered Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
Restricted Global Registered Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Restricted Global Registered 
Note exchangeable for Individual Restricted Note Certificates”, then the Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Restricted Global Registered Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for 
Individual Restricted Note Certificates if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited 
circumstances described in the Restricted Global Registered Note”, then if any of the following events 
occurs: 
a) 
if such Notes are held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system (except for DTC) and such clearing system is closed for business for 
a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business; or 
b) 
 if such Notes are held on behalf of a custodian for DTC and if DTC notifies the Issuer that it 
is no longer willing or able to discharge properly its responsibilities as depositary with 
respect to that Restricted Global Registered Note or DTC ceases to be a “clearing agency” 
registered under the Exchange Act or is at any time no longer eligible to act as such, and the

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
Issuer is unable to locate a qualified successor within 90 days of receiving notice of such 
ineligibility on the part of DTC; or 
c) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default). 
Whenever the Restricted Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Restricted Note 
Certificates, the Issuer shall procure that Individual Restricted Note Certificates will be issued in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Restricted Global Registered Note 
within five business days of the delivery by or on behalf of the registered holder of the Restricted 
Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver 
such Individual Restricted Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of 
the persons in whose names the Individual Restricted Note Certificates are to be registered and the 
principal amount of each such person’s holding) against the surrender of the Restricted Global 
Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, 
shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may 
require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in 
connection with such exchange. 
If: 
a) 
Individual Restricted Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on the thirtieth day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms 
of the Restricted Global Registered Note; or 
b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Restricted Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has 
become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the 
date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the 
amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the 
holder of the Restricted Global Registered Note in accordance with the terms of the 
Restricted Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Restricted Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Restricted 
Note Certificates) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of 
(a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the holder of 
the Restricted Global Registered Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice 
to the rights which the holder of the Restricted Global Registered Note or others may have under 
the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled 
to an interest in a Restricted Global Registered Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those 
rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Restricted Global 
Registered Note became void, they had been the holders of Individual Restricted Note Certificates in 
an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in 
the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. Individual Restricted Note Certificates issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a 
Restricted Global Registered Note shall bear the legend applicable to such Notes as set out under 
“Transfer Restrictions”. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which are specified in the Final Terms as Restricted Global 
Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Restricted Note Certificates in circumstances other than 
in the limited circumstances specified in the relevant Restricted Global Registered Note, such Notes 
may only be issued in denominations equal to, or greater than, U.S.$200,000 (or equivalent) and 
multiples thereof.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, 
will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Overview of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below. 
1. 
Introduction 
a) 
Programme: Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego (the “Issuer”) has established a Medium Term 
Note Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to EUR 15,000,000,000 in 
aggregate principal amount of notes (the “Notes”).  
b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and 
each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is 
the subject of a final terms (the “Final Terms”) which supplements these terms and 
conditions (the “Conditions”). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche 
of Notes are these Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Final 
Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement dated 
16 December 2022 (the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, Citibank Europe plc, 
Dublin Branch as fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”, which expression includes any successor 
fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG as registrar (the “Registrar”, which expression includes any successor 
registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), the paying agents named 
therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression includes any 
successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes), the transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the “Transfer Agents”, 
which expression includes any successor or additional transfer agents appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes) and the exchange agent named therein (the “Exchange 
Agent”). In these Conditions references to the “Agents” are to the Paying Agents, the 
Transfer Agents and the Exchange Agent and any reference to an “Agent” is to any one of 
them. 
d) 
Guarantee: If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the State Treasury of the Republic of 
Poland (the “Guarantor”) will guarantee the obligations of the Issuer under and in relation to 
the Notes (the “Guaranteed Notes”) in a guarantee to be entered into in respect of each 
Tranche of Notes, the date of which will be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (the 
“Guarantee of the Notes”) and which shall be substantially in the form set out in the most 
recently published offering circular as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Guaranteed 
Notes of the relevant Series. 
e) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), or in registered 
form (“Registered Notes”). Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 16 
December 2022 (the “Deed of Covenant”) entered into by the Issuer, which also grants direct 
rights to Accountholders (as defined in the Deed of Covenant) in certain circumstances.  
f) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which 
are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available 
for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set out below. 
g) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement, 
the Guarantee of the Notes and the Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
provisions. The holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”) and the holders of the related 
interest coupons, if any, (the “Couponholders” and the “Coupons”, respectively) are bound 
by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, Guarantee 
of the Notes (if applicable) and the Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies of the 
Agency Agreement, Guarantee of the Notes (if applicable) and the Deed of Covenant are 
available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices 
of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Business Day” means: 
i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different 
meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall 
have the following meanings: 
i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day 
Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following 
day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which 
case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the 
preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
A. 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is 
a Business Day in that calendar month; 
B. 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
C. 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
and 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of 
time (the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
A. 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
B. 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; 
b) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365); 
c) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
d) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
e) 
if “30/360” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
Day Count Fraction =
[ଷ଺଴୶(௒మି௒భ)]ା[ଷ଴୶(ெమିெభ)]ା(஽మି஽భ)
ଷ଺଴
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
f) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[ଷ଺଴୶(௒మି௒భ)]ା[ଷ଴୶(ெమିெభ)]ା(஽మି஽భ)
ଷ଺଴
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
g) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[ଷ଺଴୶(௒మି௒భ)]ା[ଷ଴୶(ெమିெభ)]ା(஽మି஽భ)
ଷ଺଴
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“External Indebtedness” means any indebtedness expressed or denominated or payable, or 
which at the option of the relevant creditor or holder thereof may be payable, in any currency 
other than the lawful currency from time to time of the Republic of Poland; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Holder”, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – 
Title to Registered Notes); 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means: 
a) 
the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions 
of, the relevant Final Terms and (if a Business Day Convention other than the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention is specified in the

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
relevant Final Terms) as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant 
Business Day Convention; or 
b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may 
occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the 
Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the 
previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
Interest Payment Date; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc.); 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Noteholder”, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – 
Title to Registered Notes); 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Union which adopts 
the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
 “Payment Business Day” means: 
i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
A. 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
B. 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
A. 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
B. 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
“Permitted Security Interest” means: 
i) 
any Security Interest upon property to secure Relevant External Indebtedness incurred 
for the purpose of financing the acquisition of such property (or property which forms 
part of a class of assets of a similar nature where the Security Interest is by reference 
to the constituents of such class from time to time); or 
ii) 
any Security Interest existing on property at the time of its acquisition; or 
iii) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law which has not been foreclosed or 
otherwise enforced against the assets to which it applies; or 
iv) 
any Security Interest securing or providing for the payment of Relevant External 
Indebtedness incurred in connection with any Project Financing provided, however, 
that such Security Interest applies to (A) properties which are the subject of such 
Project Financing or (B) revenues or claims which arise from the operation, failure to 
meet specifications, exploitation, sale or loss of, or failure to complete, or damage to, 
such properties; or 
v) 
the right of priority to revenues from or assets of a project financed from the issuance 
of revenue bonds, in particular revenue bonds (obligacje przychodowe) issued under 
the Act dated 29 June 1995 on Bonds or the Act dated 15 January 2015 on Bonds (or 
any legislation replacing this act), granted to the holders of such revenue bonds; or 
vi) 
the renewal or extension of any Security Interest described in subparagraphs i) to v) 
above, provided, however, that the principal amount of the Relevant External 
Indebtedness secured thereby is not increased; 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency provided, however, that in relation to euro, it means the principal 
financial centre of such Member State of the European Union as is selected (in the case of a 
payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent;  
“Project Financing” means any arrangement for the provision of funds which are to be used 
solely to finance a project for the acquisition, construction, development or exploitation of 
any property pursuant to which the Persons providing such funds agree that the principal 
source of repayment of such funds will be the project and the revenues (including insurance 
proceeds) generated by such project; 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder;

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder 
upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right 
to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Record Date” has the meaning given in Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes); 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature 
of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; the term Reference 
Rate shall, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event under Condition 7(j) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation), include any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and shall, if a Benchmark 
Event should occur subsequently in respect of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, 
also include any further Successor Rate or further Alternative Rate; 
“Register” means the register maintained in accordance with Condition 3(d) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer);  
“Regular Period” means: 
i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular 
Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls; and 
iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at 
the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on 
which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not 
been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal 
Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so 
received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
“Relevant External Indebtedness” means any obligation incurred after 1945 for borrowed 
money (A) evidenced by bonds, notes or other securities which are or are intended to be 
quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on any stock exchange, automated trading 
system or over-the-counter or other securities market and (B) denominated or payable, or at 
the option of the holder thereof payable, in a currency other than the lawful currency of the 
Republic of Poland;  
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the 
relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by 
the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reserved Matter” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security interest or other 
encumbrance securing any obligation of any Person or any other type of preferential 
arrangement having similar effect over any assets or revenues of any Person; 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor system; 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
 “TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
“Treaty” means the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are 
not applicable; 
ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at 
the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to 
Talons; 
iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes 
at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions;

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other 
amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
vi) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement; 
vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that 
such expression is “not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the 
Notes; and 
viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement or (if applicable) the Guarantee of the Notes 
shall be construed as a reference to the Agency Agreement or the Guarantee of the 
Notes, as the case may be, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the 
Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a 
Series of Bearer Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. 
b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case 
of Bearer Notes, “Holder” means the holder of such Bearer Note and “Noteholder” and 
“Couponholder” shall be construed accordingly. 
c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include 
a minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples 
of a smaller amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
d) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain a register (the “Register”) in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a “Note 
Certificate”) will be issued to each Holder of Registered Notes in respect of its registered 
holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which 
will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, “Holder” means the Person 
in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, in the 
case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and “Noteholder” shall be construed 
accordingly. 
e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of 
any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case 
of Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of 
transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for 
so treating such Holder. No Person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of 
any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs i) (Closed periods) and j) (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon 
surrender of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, 
at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as 
the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the 
title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form of 
transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal 
amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes not 
transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes represented by 
the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in 
respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a 
Note Certificate in accordance with paragraph f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the 
Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like 
principal amount of the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified 
Office or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request 
and risk of any such relevant Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the 
address specified for the purpose by such relevant Holder. In this paragraph, “business day” 
means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer 
Agent has its Specified Office. 
h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but upon payment by the applicant of (or 
the giving by the applicant of such indemnity as the Issuer, Registrar or (as the case may be) 
Transfer Agent may require in respect of) any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which 
may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 
days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the 
Registered Notes. 
j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and 
entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of 
Registered Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the 
Issuer with the prior written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will 
be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in writing a copy 
of such regulations. 
4. 
Status and Guarantee 
a) 
Status of the Notes: The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional and (subject to 
Condition 5(a) (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer which will at all times 
rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
b) 
Guarantee of the Notes: If the Notes are Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantor has in the Guarantee 
of the Notes unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due and punctual payment of 
principal and accrued interest payable by the Issuer in respect of the Guaranteed Notes. The 
Guarantee of the Notes constitutes a direct, general, unconditional and (subject to clause 5 
(Negative Pledge) of the relevant Guarantee of the Notes) unsecured obligation of the 
Guarantor which will at all times rank at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated External Indebtedness of the Guarantor, provided further that 
the Guarantor shall have no obligation to effect equal or rateable payment(s) at any time with 
respect to any such other External Indebtedness and, in particular, shall have no obligation to 
pay other External Indebtedness at the same time or as a condition of paying sums due under 
the Guarantee of the Notes and vice versa.  
5. 
Covenants 
So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement):

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
a) 
Negative pledge: the Issuer shall not create or permit to arise or subsist any Security Interest 
(other than a Permitted Security Interest) upon any of the Issuer's assets or revenues, present 
or future, to secure any Relevant External Indebtedness of the Issuer unless, at the same time 
or prior thereto, the Issuer's obligations under the Notes are secured equally and rateably 
therewith or have the benefit of such other arrangement as may be approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
b) 
Provision of Information: the Issuer will, during any period in which it is neither subject to 
section 13 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934 nor exempt from 
reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, provide to any Holder of Registered Notes 
which are “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) or to any prospective purchaser of such 
restricted securities designated by such Holder upon the request of such Holder or prospective 
purchaser, the information required to be provided by Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities 
Act. Any such request for information should be directed to the Issuer at its office at VARSO 
2, ul. Chmielna 73, 00-801 Warsaw, Poland.  
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if 
the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate 
of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes). 
Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which 
case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as 
before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the 
day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received 
all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is 
any subsequent default in payment). 
c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one 
Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination. 
d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to 
the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose 
a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of 
euro, means one cent. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only 
if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate 
of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes). 
Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which 
case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (as well after as before 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day 
which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all 
sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined, subject to 
Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date; 
ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
iii) 
if, in the case of i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of ii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable: 
A. 
the Issuer will request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each 
of the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime 
banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
B. 
the Issuer will provide such quotations to the Calculation Agent who will 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent 
will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference 
Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to 
leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the 
Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate 
or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect 
of the preceding Interest Period. 
d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for 
that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
A. 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
B. 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
C. 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, 
provided that in any circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions the Calculation Agent 
would be required to exercise any discretion, including the selection of any Reference Banks 
and seeking quotations from Reference Banks, when calculating the relevant ISDA Rate, the 
relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion shall 
instead be made by the Issuer or its designee. 
e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, 
calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The 
Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to 
the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit 
being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this 
purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case 
of euro, means one cent. 
g) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. 
The relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
h) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) 
by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation but (in the 
case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not 
later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be 
given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest 
Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each 
Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
i) 
Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability 
to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing provisions in this 
Condition 7, if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to a Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Reference 
Rate, then the following provisions of this Condition 7(j) shall apply: 
A. 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, an Independent Adviser and to determine (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) no later than five Business Days prior to 
the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period 
(the “IA Determination Cut-off Date”) a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if there is 
no Successor Rate, an Alternative Rate for purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes;  
B. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 7(j) shall act in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and (in the absence of fraud) shall 
have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Noteholders 
for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection 
with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 7(j). 
C. 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, or (if the Issuer is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser) the Issuer, in each case acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
(1) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 7(j)(D) subsequently be used in place of 
the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 7(j) in the event of a further 
Benchmark Event affecting the Successor Rate); or 
(2) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
7(j)(D)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
7(j) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative 
Rate),  
provided, however, that if the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 7(j) five Business Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Reference Rate 
applicable to the immediate following Interest Period shall be the Reference 
Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there 
has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the 
Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period (though substituting, 
where a different Margin and/or Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum 
Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin and/or Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin and/or 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may 
be) relating to that last preceding Interest Period). For the avoidance of doubt, 
the proviso in this Condition 7(j)(C) shall apply to the immediately following 
Interest Period only. Any subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 7(j). 
D. 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, or (if the Issuer is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser) the Issuer, in each case acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (A) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) by reference 
to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). If the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser, or (if the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser) the Issuer, in each case acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula 
or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
E. 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7(j) and the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, or (if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser) 
the Issuer, in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and 
(ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 7(j)(F) without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice. In connection with any such variation in accordance with 
this Condition 7(j)(E), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange 
on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
F. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 7(j) will be notified 
within five Business Days by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) will, in the absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders. 
As used in these Conditions: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
(b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or 
in the case of an Alternative Rate, the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, if applicable) determines is recognized or acknowledged as 
being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as applicable); or 
(c) 
if no such customary market usage is recognized or acknowledged, the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Independent Adviser, if applicable), determines (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
“Alternative Rate” means the rate that the Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser, if 
applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of bonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, 
or, if the Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser, if applicable) determines that there is 
no such rate, such other rate as the Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser, if applicable) 
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to the 
relevant Reference Rate; 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(j)(E). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(a) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page 
as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that 
will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified 
future date (the “Specified Future Date”); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the 
“Specified Future Date”), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the 
“Specified Future Date”) be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the 
Notes; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is or 
will, by a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”), be no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(f) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful 
for the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (including without 
limitation, under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (b), (c), (d), or (e) above and the Specified Future Date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the 
Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such 
Specified Future Date.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under this 
Condition 7(j). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any such similar institution for 
the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
other central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by, or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or 
any such similar institution for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate (and related alternative 
screen page or source if available) which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only 
if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any 
Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter 
be an amount equal to the sum of: 
i) 
the Reference Price; and 
ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) 
the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has 
notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes 
will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided 
in Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes). 
b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part: 
i) 
at any time (if no Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable),

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued 
(if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if:  
i) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of the Republic of Poland or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of 
competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; 
ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it,  
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
A. 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due; or 
B. 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the 
Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two duly authorised officers of the 
Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred of and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of 
such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this 
Condition 9(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 9(b). 
c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at 
the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer giving not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice 
on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
d) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance 
with Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall 
be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such 
manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law 
and the rules of each listing authority, stock exchange, regulated market and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation, and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any 
Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than 
the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note, redeem 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice 
at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to 
such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(e), the Holder of a 
Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Put), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons 
relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any 
Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly 
completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a 
duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 9(e), may be withdrawn; 
provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such 
Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly 
withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing 
Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put 
Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing 
Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any 
outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 9(e), the 
depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of such 
Note for all purposes. 
f) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs (a) to (e) above. 
g) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time 
before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
i) 
the Reference Price; and 
ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and 
payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Condition 9(g) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
h) 
Purchase: The Issuer or (if applicable) the Guarantor may at any time purchase Notes in the 
open market or otherwise at any price and such Notes may be held, resold or, at the option of 
the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation (provided, however, that if the 
Notes are to be cancelled, they are purchased together with all unmatured Coupons relating to 
them).  
i) 
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered 
with them shall be cancelled and all Notes so cancelled and any Notes cancelled pursuant to 
Condition 9(h) (Purchase) above (together with all unmatured Coupons cancelled with them) 
may not be reissued or resold. 
10. 
Payments – Bearer Notes 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided, 
however, that payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
any Paying Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the 
case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London). 
b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided, however, that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in 
the manner described in paragraph (a) above. 
c) 
Payments in the United States: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified 
Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able 
to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the 
payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all 
such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law, without involving, 
in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Section 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or 
any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses 
shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons 
relating thereto: 
i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing 
Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of 
principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate 
amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for 
payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of 
principal due for payment: 
A. 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such 
missing Coupons (the “Relevant Coupons”) being equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph 
would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such 
missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
B. 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, 
the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the 
Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph a) above 
against presentation and (provided, however, that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
relevant missing Coupons. 
f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Bearer Note or early 
redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in 
respect thereof. 
g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Bearer Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder 
shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding 
Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other 
payment in respect of any such delay. 
h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in 
respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer 
Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York 
City if permitted by paragraph (c)). 
i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement 
indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the 
time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of 
such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further 
Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect 
of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription)). Upon the 
due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note 
shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
11. 
Payments – Registered Notes 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any 
such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is 
euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the 
payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling 
cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of 
redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the 
relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any 
such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is 
euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the 
payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of interest 
payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of 
the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in 
all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulation or 
agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not a Payment Business Day, for 
value the next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to 
be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and 
interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which 
the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at 
the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable 
other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Registered Note shall 
not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting 
from (A) the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque 
mailed in accordance with this Condition 11 arriving after the due date for payment or being 
lost in the mail. 
e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the 
Register and, in the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a 
statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant 
Note Certificate. 
f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the Person shown 
as the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's 
Specified Office on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the “Record 
Date”). Where payment in respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque 
will be mailed to the address shown as the address of the Holder in the Register at the opening 
of business on the relevant Record Date. 
12. 
Taxation 
All payments (whether in respect of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the 
Republic of Poland or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in 
receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(A) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges 
have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere 
holding of the Note or Coupon; or

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
(B) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for 
payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
Holder of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts 
on presenting such Note or Coupon for payment on the last day of such period of 30 
days. 
13. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within 7 
days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of 
the Notes within 30 days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer or (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor 
defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other material obligations under or in 
respect of the Notes or (if applicable) the Guarantee of the Notes and such default remains 
unremedied for 45 days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer and (if applicable) 
the Guarantor by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or 
c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Guarantor: any Relevant External Indebtedness of the Issuer or (if 
the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor is not paid when due or (as the case may be) 
within any originally applicable grace period; or 
d) 
Winding up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer; or 
e) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or (if the Notes are Guaranteed 
Notes) the Guarantor to perform or comply with any of its obligations under or in respect of 
the Notes or (if applicable) the Guarantee of the Notes; or 
f) 
Guarantee of the Notes not in force: if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantee of the 
Notes is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect, 
then the Holders of at least 25 per cent. in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) may, by written notice addressed to the Issuer (with a copy to the 
Fiscal Agent), declare the Notes to be immediately due and payable, whereupon the Notes shall 
become immediately due and payable at their Early Termination Amount together with accrued 
interest (if any) without further action or formality, provided, however, that if the Issuer receives 
notice in writing (with a copy to the Fiscal Agent) from Holders of at least 50 per cent. in aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes to the effect that the Event of Default or Events of Default 
giving rise to any above mentioned declaration of acceleration is or are cured following any such 
declaration and that such Holders wish the relevant declaration to be withdrawn, the Issuer shall give 
notice thereof to the Noteholders (with a copy to the Fiscal Agent), whereupon the relevant 
declaration shall be withdrawn and shall have no further effect but without prejudice to any rights or 
obligations which may have arisen before the Issuer gives such notice (whether pursuant to these 
Conditions or otherwise). No such withdrawal shall affect any other or any subsequent Event of 
Default or any right of any Noteholder in relation thereto. 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer and (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor for payment in 
respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose, shall not include Talons) shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in 
the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
15. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, in 
the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a 
Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having 
its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection 
with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the 
Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Agents 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency 
or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation 
Agent (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserve the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or Transfer Agent and to appoint a successor 
fiscal agent or registrar or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, 
however, that: 
a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent and a Registrar; and 
b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment 
of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a 
Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by 
such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(I) 
The provisions of this Condition 17(I) shall apply only to Notes other than Guaranteed Notes. 
a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings 
of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any 
provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be 
convened by it upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting 
convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more Persons holding or 
representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more Persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that 
Reserved Matters (as defined in the Agency Agreement) may only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which one or more Persons 
holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter 
of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
b) 
Written resolutions: A resolution in writing signed (i) by or on behalf of all Noteholders who 
for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders or (ii) if such 
Noteholders have been given at least 21 days’ notice of such resolution, by or on behalf of 
Persons (A) in the case of a Reserved Matter, holding at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes or (B) in the case of a matter other than a Reserved 
Matter, holding at least 66⅔ per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes, will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing 
may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or 
on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(II) 
The provisions of this Condition 17(II) shall apply only to Guaranteed Notes.  
a) 
General: The provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders as set out in Schedule 1, Part 
B to the Agency Agreement shall apply to the Guaranteed Notes. The following is a summary 
of selected provisions in that Schedule 1, Part B to the Agency Agreement. 
For the purposes of Condition 13 (Events of Default), this Condition 17(II) and Schedule 1, 
Part B to the Agency Agreement, a Guaranteed Note will be deemed to be “outstanding” as 
set out in clause 1.2 of the Agency Agreement. In addition, in respect of a Guaranteed Note 
which is (a) held by the Guarantor or (b) held by the National Bank of Poland, a department, 
ministry or agency of the Guarantor, or by a corporation, trust or other legal entity that is 
controlled by the Guarantor or a department, ministry or agency of the Guarantor and the 
Holder of the Guaranteed Note does not have autonomy of decision, the Guaranteed Note will 
be deemed to be not outstanding. For the purposes of this provision:  
(i) 
the Holder of the Guaranteed Note for these purposes is the entity legally entitled to 
vote the Guaranteed Note for or against a proposed modification or, if different, the 
entity whose consent or instruction is by contract required, directly or indirectly, for 
the legally entitled Holder to vote the Guaranteed Note for or against a proposed 
modification; 
(ii) 
a corporation, trust or other legal entity is controlled by the Guarantor or by a 
department, ministry or agency of the Guarantor if the Guarantor or the National Bank 
of Poland or any department, ministry or agency of the Guarantor has the power, 
directly or indirectly, through the ownership of voting securities or other ownership 
interests, by contract or otherwise, to direct the management of or elect or appoint a 
majority of the board of directors or other persons performing similar functions in lieu 
of, or in addition to, the board of directors of that legal entity; and 
(iii) 
the Holder of a Guaranteed Note has autonomy of decision if, under applicable law, 
rules or regulations and independent of any direct or indirect obligation the Holder 
may have in relation to the Guarantor:  
(A) 
the Holder may not, directly or indirectly, take instruction from the Guarantor 
on how to vote on a proposed modification; or 
(B) 
the Holder, in determining how to vote on a proposed modification, is 
required to act in accordance with an objective prudential standard, in the 
interest of all of its stakeholders or in the Holder's own interest; or 
(C) 
the Holder owes a fiduciary or similar duty to vote on a proposed 
modification in the interest of one or more Persons other than a Person whose 
holdings of Guaranteed Notes (if that Person then held any Guaranteed 
Notes) would be deemed to be not outstanding under this definition.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
b) 
Convening a meeting of Noteholders: A meeting of Noteholders: 
(i) 
may be convened by the Issuer or the Guarantor at any time; and 
(ii) 
will be convened by the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent upon the request in writing of 
Holders of not less than 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Guaranteed Notes then outstanding. 
c) 
Quorum at initial meeting: The quorum at any meeting at which Noteholders may vote in 
respect of a proposed modification relating to: 
(i) 
a Reserved Matter (as defined below) will be one or more Persons present and holding 
or representing not less than 66⅔ per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Guaranteed Notes then outstanding; and  
(ii) 
a matter which is not a Reserved Matter will be one or more Persons present and 
holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of 
the Guaranteed Notes then outstanding. 
d) 
Quorum at adjourned meeting: The quorum for any adjourned meeting will be one or more 
Persons present and holding or representing: 
(i) 
not less than 66⅔ per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Guaranteed Notes 
then outstanding in the case of an adjourned meeting convened in respect of a 
proposed modification relating to a Reserved Matter; and  
(ii) 
not less than 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Guaranteed Notes 
then outstanding in the case of an adjourned meeting convened in respect of a 
proposed modification relating to a matter which is not a Reserved Matter.  
e) 
Voting on non-Reserved Matters: Save as otherwise provided in the Agency Agreement and 
Condition 17(III), any proposed modification in relation to a matter which is not a Reserved 
Matter may only be approved with the consent of the Issuer or the Guarantor and: 
(i) 
the affirmative vote of more than 50 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
then outstanding Guaranteed Notes represented at a duly called and quorate meeting of 
Noteholders; or  
(ii) 
a written resolution signed by or on behalf of a Holder or Holders of more than 50 per 
cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Guaranteed Notes then outstanding.  
f) 
Voting on Reserved Matters: Except as provided in Condition 17(II)(g) (Cross-Series 
Modification), any proposed modification relating to a Reserved Matter may only be 
approved with the consent of the Issuer or the Guarantor and: 
(i) 
the affirmative vote of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Guaranteed Notes represented at a duly called and quorate meeting of 
Noteholders; or  
(ii) 
a written resolution signed by or on behalf of a Holder or Holders of not less than 66⅔ 
per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Guaranteed Notes then outstanding. 
g) 
Cross-Series Modification: A Cross-Series Modification relating to a Reserved Matter 
affecting the Guaranteed Notes and any other series of Debt Securities may only be approved 
with the consent of the Guarantor and:  
(i) 
 
(A) 
the affirmative vote of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Debt Securities represented at separate duly called

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
and quorate meetings of the holders of the Debt Securities of all series (taken 
in aggregate) that would be affected by the proposed modification; or 
(B) 
a written resolution signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 66⅔ 
per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Debt Securities 
of all series (taken in aggregate) that would be affected by the proposed 
modification; 
and 
(ii) 
 
(A) 
the affirmative vote of more than 66⅔ per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Debt Securities represented at separate duly called 
and quorate meetings of the holders of each series of Debt Securities (taken 
individually) that would be affected by the proposed modification; or 
(B) 
written resolutions signed by or on behalf of the holders of more than 50 per 
cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Debt Securities 
of each series (taken individually) that would be affected by the proposed 
modification. 
If a proposed Cross-Series Modification in relation to a Reserved Matter is not approved in the 
manner described above but would have been approved if it had involved only the Guaranteed 
Notes and one or more, but less than all, of the other series of Debt Securities affected by the 
proposed modification, that Cross-Series Modification will be deemed to have been approved 
in relation to the Guaranteed Notes and the Debt Securities of each other series whose 
modification would have been approved if the proposed modification had involved only the 
Guaranteed Notes and such other series of Debt Securities, provided that: 
(a) 
prior to the Record Date for the proposed Cross-Series Modification, the Guarantor 
has publicly notified holders of the Guaranteed Notes and other affected Debt 
Securities of the conditions under which the proposed Cross-Series Modification will 
be deemed to have been approved if it is approved in the manner described above in 
relation to the Guaranteed Notes and some but not all of the other affected series of 
Debt Securities; and 
(b) 
those conditions are satisfied in connection with the proposed Cross-Series 
Modification. 
For the purposes of this Condition 17(II): 
“Debt Securities” means the Guaranteed Notes and any other bills, bonds, debentures, notes 
or other debt securities issued or guaranteed by the Guarantor in one or more series with an 
original stated maturity of more than one year, and includes any such obligation, irrespective 
of its original stated maturity, that formerly constituted a component part of a Debt Security;  
“Cross-Series Modification” means a modification which affects (i) the Guaranteed Notes or 
any agreement governing the issuance or administration of the Guaranteed Notes, and (ii) one 
or more other series of Debt Securities or any agreement governing the issuance or 
administration of such other series of Debt Securities; 
“modification” in relation to the Guaranteed Notes means any modification, amendment, 
supplement or waiver of the terms and conditions of the Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantee of 
the Notes or any agreement governing the issuance, constitution or administration of the 
Guaranteed Notes, and has the same meaning in relation to any other Debt Security save that 
any of the foregoing references to the Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantee of the Notes or any 
agreement governing the issuance, constitution or administration of such Guaranteed Notes

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
shall be read as references to such other Debt Securities, the guarantee of such other Debt 
Securities or any agreement governing the issuance, constitution or administration of such 
other Debt Securities; 
“Record Date” has the meaning given to it in Schedule 1, Part B of the Agency Agreement; 
and 
“Series”, when used in relation to the Guaranteed Notes, shall have the meaning ascribed to 
the term in the introductory paragraphs to these Conditions and “series”, when used in relation 
to a tranche of Debt Securities, shall mean such tranche of Debt Securities together with any 
further tranche or tranches of Debt Securities that in relation to each other and to the original 
tranche of Debt Securities are (i) identical in all respects except for their date of issuance or 
first interest payment date, and (ii) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series.  
h) 
Written resolutions: A written resolution signed by or on behalf of holders of the requisite 
majority of the outstanding Debt Securities will be valid for all purposes as if it was a 
resolution passed at a meeting of holders of the Debt Securities duly convened and held in 
accordance with these provisions. A written resolution may be set out in one or more 
documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more holders of Debt Securities. 
i) 
Binding effect: A resolution duly passed at a meeting of holders of Debt Securities duly 
convened and held, and a written resolution duly signed by the requisite majority of holders 
of Debt Securities, will be binding on all such holders, whether or not the holder was present 
or represented at the meeting, voted for or against the resolution or signed the written 
resolution. 
j) 
Reserved Matters: In this Condition 17(II), “Reserved Matter” means any proposal:  
(i) 
to change the date, or the method of determining the date, for payment of principal, 
interest or any other amount in respect of the Guaranteed Notes or the Guarantee of 
the Notes, to reduce or cancel the amount of principal, instalment(s), interest or any 
other amount payable on any date in respect of the Guaranteed Notes or the Guarantee 
of the Notes or to change the method of calculating the amount of principal, 
instalment(s), interest or any other amount payable in respect of the Guaranteed Notes 
or the Guarantee of the Notes on any date provided, however, that for the avoidance of 
doubt any Benchmark Amendment and the selection of a Successor Rate, an 
Alternative Rate or an Adjustment Spread (in each case in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 7) shall be excluded; 
(ii) 
to change the currency in which any amount due in respect of the Guaranteed Notes 
or the Guarantee of the Notes is payable or the place in which any payment is to be 
made;  
(iii) 
to change this definition or the definition of “outstanding” contained in the Agency 
Agreement; 
(iv) 
to change or waive the provisions of the Guaranteed Notes set out in Condition 4(a) 
(Status and Guarantee – Status of the Notes) or Condition 4(b) (Status and Guarantee 
– Guarantee of the Notes) or the provisions set out in clause 4.7 (Preservation of 
Rights) of the relevant Guarantee of the Notes;  
(v) 
to approve any arrangement relating to a Security Interest (other than a Permitted 
Security Interest) upon any of the Issuer’s assets or revenues, present or future, to 
secure any Relevant External Indebtedness of the Issuer benefitting the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Guaranteed Notes pursuant to Condition 5 (Negative Pledge); 
(vi) 
to approve any arrangement relating to a Security Interest (other than a Permitted 
Security Interest) upon any of the Guarantor's assets or revenues, present or future, to

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
secure any Relevant External Indebtedness of the Guarantor or of any other Person or 
any guarantee or indemnity of the Guarantor in respect of Relevant External 
Indebtedness of any other Person benefitting the Guarantor’s obligations under the 
Guarantee of the Notes pursuant to clause 5 (Negative Pledge) of the relevant 
Guarantee of the Notes; 
(vii) 
to change any provision of the Guaranteed Notes describing circumstances in which 
Guaranteed Notes may be declared due and payable prior to their scheduled maturity, 
set out in Condition 13 (Events of Default);  
(viii) 
to change the law governing the Guaranteed Notes or the Guarantee of the Notes, the 
courts to the jurisdiction of which the Issuer has submitted in the Guaranteed Notes or 
the Guarantor has submitted under the relevant Guarantee of the Notes, the Issuer’s 
and the Guarantor's respective obligations to maintain an agent for service of process 
in England or the Issuer’s and the Guarantor's respective waivers of immunity, in 
respect of actions or proceedings brought by any Noteholder, set out in Condition 22 
(Governing Law and Jurisdiction) and clause 11 (Governing Law and Jurisdiction) of 
the relevant Guarantee of the Notes;  
(ix) 
to change the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required 
to pass any resolution of Noteholders or the number or percentage of votes required 
to be cast, or the number or percentage of Guaranteed Notes required to be held, in 
connection with the taking of any decision or action by or on behalf of the 
Noteholders or any of them, including in respect of a Cross-Series Modification;  
(x) 
to modify any provision of these Conditions in connection with any exchange or 
substitution of the Guaranteed Notes for, or the conversion of the Guaranteed Notes 
into, any other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other Person, which 
would result in the Conditions as so modified being less favourable to the Holders of 
Guaranteed Notes which are subject to the Conditions as so modified than:  
(A) 
the provisions of the other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other 
Person resulting from the relevant exchange or substitution; or 
(B) 
if more than one series of other obligations or securities results from the 
relevant exchange or substitution or conversion, the provisions of the 
resulting series having the largest aggregate principal amount; and 
(xi) 
to modify any provision of the Guarantee of the Notes in connection with any 
exchange or substitution of the Guarantee of the Notes for, or the conversion of the 
Guarantee of the Notes into, any other obligations or securities of the Guarantor or 
any other Person, which would result in the Guarantee of the Notes as so modified 
being less favourable to the Holders of Guaranteed Notes which are subject to the 
Guarantee of the Notes as so modified than:  
(A) 
the provisions of the other obligations or securities of the Guarantor or any 
other Person resulting from the relevant exchange or substitution; or 
(B) 
if more than one series of other obligations or securities results from the 
relevant exchange or substitution or conversion, the provisions of the 
resulting series having the largest aggregate principal amount. 
(III) 
The provisions of this Condition 17(III) shall apply to all Notes: 
a) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions, the Guarantee of the Notes (if the Notes are 
Guaranteed Notes) and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error or for the purpose of curing any 
ambiguity, or curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained in these

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
Conditions, the Guarantee of the Notes (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes), the Deed of 
Covenant or the Notes of any Series but, for the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to 
any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature or it is, in the opinion 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be), not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders of such Series. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree 
to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of the Issuer, not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.  
b) 
In addition, the Issuer may, pursuant to Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation), vary or 
amend these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to certain changes to the 
interest calculation provisions of the Floating Rate Notes in the circumstances and as 
otherwise set out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in 
all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
19. 
Notices 
a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) 
and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a 
requirement of applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper having general circulation 
in Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in either case, if such publication is not 
practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in 
Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication 
(or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which 
publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be 
deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first 
class mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective 
addresses on the Register or, if such notification is not practicable, in a leading English 
language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. 
20. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given 
or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in which the 
same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the “second 
currency”) for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an 
order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made 
in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such 
Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used 
for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and 
(ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business 
purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in 
whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action. 
21. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 
per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded 
up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded 
downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any 
other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal 
places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
a) 
Governing law: The Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection therewith are governed by English law. 
b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
(a “Dispute”) arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons (including any 
non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection therewith).  
c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
d) 
Consent to enforcement etc.: The Issuer consents generally in respect of any proceedings 
relating to a Dispute (the “Proceedings”) to the giving of any relief or the issue of any 
process in connection with such Proceedings including (without limitation) the making, 
enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended 
use) of any order or judgment which is made or given in such Proceedings. 
e) 
Waiver of immunity: To the extent that the Issuer may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its 
assets or revenues immunity from suit, execution, attachment (whether in aid of execution, 
before judgment or otherwise) or other legal process and to the extent that such immunity 
(whether or not claimed) may be attributed in any such jurisdiction to the Issuer or its assets 
or revenues, the Issuer agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the full 
extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdiction. 
f) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any 
other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by 
being delivered to the Consular Section of the Embassy of the Republic of Poland, Embassy 
of the Republic of Poland in London from time to time, being presently at 10 Bouverie Street, 
London EC4Y 8AX, England. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any 
Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to 
Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
FORM OF GUARANTEE OF THE NOTES 
The Guarantee of the Notes in respect of each Tranche of Guaranteed Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be substantially in the form set out below, with such amendments as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Notes other than Guaranteed Notes will not have the benefit of a Guarantee of the Notes. 
THIS DEED OF GUARANTEE is made on [●] 
BY: 
THE STATE TREASURY OF THE REPUBLIC OF POLAND represented by the Council of 
Ministers, which authorised the Minister of Finance to act on its behalf (the “Guarantor”), on the 
basis of [to be completed to include relevant statutory, or other legal, references]. 
IN FAVOUR OF: 
THE HOLDERS AND THE ACCOUNTHOLDERS (each as defined below) (together, the 
“Beneficiaries”). 
WHEREAS: 
• 
Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego, in its capacity as an issuer (the “Issuer”) has established a 
Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of notes (which may or 
may not be guaranteed by the Guarantor, as specified in the relevant Final Terms). The Issuer 
intends to issue [currency][amount][per cent.] notes due [date] under the Programme for 
financing the [use of proceeds to be inserted] (the “Guaranteed Notes”). The Guarantor has 
authorised the giving of its irrevocable and unconditional guarantee in relation to the 
Guaranteed Notes. 
• 
The Issuer has, in relation to the notes issued under the Programme, entered into a fiscal 
agency agreement (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency 
Agreement”) dated 16 December 2022 with Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent 
(the “Agent”, which expression shall include any successor) and the other paying agents 
named therein. 
• 
The Issuer has, in relation to the notes issued under the Programme, executed a deed of 
covenant (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed of 
Covenant”) dated 16 December 2022. 
• 
The Guarantor has agreed to irrevocably and unconditionally guarantee the payment of the 
principal amount of the Guaranteed Notes and interest on the Guaranteed Notes expressed to 
be payable from time to time by the Issuer in respect of the Guaranteed Notes and under the 
Deed of Covenant. 
THIS DEED OF GUARANTEE WITNESSES as follows: 
1. 
INTERPRETATION 
1.1 
Benefit of Deed of Guarantee 
The Guaranteed Notes shall have the benefit of this Deed of Guarantee but shall not have the 
benefit of any prior or subsequent deed of guarantee relating to any other issue of guaranteed 
notes under the Programme (unless expressly so provided in any prior or subsequent deed). 
1.2 
Definitions, Interpretation and Application 
“Accountholder” means any accountholder or participant with a Clearing System which at 
the Relevant Date has credited to its securities account with such Clearing System one or

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
more Entries in respect of a [Global Note]/[Global Note Certificate] issued by the Issuer, 
except for any Clearing System in its capacity as an accountholder of another Clearing 
System. 
“Agency” means any political sub-division, regional government, ministry, department, 
authority or statutory corporation of the Republic of Poland or the government thereof 
(whether or not such statutory corporation is autonomous) and any corporation or other entity 
(but not any commercial corporation or other commercial entity) which is directly or 
indirectly controlled (whether by reason of whole or partial ownership, control over voting or 
other relevant decision-making power to direct management, the composition of management 
or otherwise) by the Republic of Poland or the government thereof and/or one or more 
Agencies. 
“Clearing System” means each of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC and/or any 
other clearing system specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking S.A. 
“Conditions” means the terms and conditions of the Guaranteed Notes, including those 
contained in the applicable Final Terms, as the same may be modified or supplemented in 
accordance with the terms thereof, and any reference to a numbered “Condition” is to the 
correspondingly numbered provision thereof. 
“Direct Rights” means the rights referred to in [Clause 3] of the Deed of Covenant. 
“DTC” means The Depository Trust Company. 
“Entry” means, in relation to a [Global Note]/[Global Note Certificate] issued by the Issuer, 
any entry which is made in the securities account of any Accountholder with a Clearing 
System in respect of Guaranteed Notes represented by such [Global Note]/[Global Note 
Certificate]. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
“External Indebtedness” means any indebtedness expressed or denominated or payable, or 
which at the option of the relevant creditor or holder thereof may be payable, in any currency 
other than the lawful currency from time to time of the Republic of Poland. 
[“Global Note” has the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement]. 
[“Global Note Certificate” has the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement.] 
“Holder” means, in relation to any Guaranteed Note, at any time, the Person who is the 
[bearer][registered holder] of such Guaranteed Note.  
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality. 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to the payment of any sum expressed to be payable by the 
Issuer, the date on which such payment first becomes due and payable. 
1.3 
Terms defined in the Conditions have the same meanings in this Deed of Guarantee. 
1.4 
Any reference in this Deed of Guarantee to any obligation or payment under or in respect of 
the Guaranteed Notes shall be construed to include a reference to any obligation or payment 
under or pursuant to Clause 3 of the Deed of Covenant. 
1.5 
Any reference in this Deed of Guarantee to a Clause is, unless otherwise stated, to a clause 
hereof.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
1.6 
Headings are inserted for convenience and ease of reference only and shall not affect the 
interpretation of this Deed of Guarantee. 
2. 
GUARANTEE  
2.1 
The Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees:  
(a) 
to the Holder of each Guaranteed Note the due and punctual payment of the principal 
amount of the Guaranteed Notes and interest on the Guaranteed Notes from time to 
time payable by the Issuer to such Holder in respect of each Guaranteed Note as and 
when the same become due and payable and accordingly undertakes to pay to such 
Holder in the manner and currency prescribed by the Conditions for payments by the 
Issuer in respect of such Guaranteed Notes on or before the expiry of any grace 
period applicable to the Guaranteed Notes, the principal amount of the Guaranteed 
Notes and interest on the Guaranteed Notes which the Issuer is at any time liable to 
pay to such Holder in respect of the Guaranteed Notes and which the Issuer has failed 
to pay; and 
(b) 
to each Accountholder the due and punctual payment of the principal amount of the 
Guaranteed Notes and interest on the Guaranteed Notes from time to time payable by 
the Issuer to such Accountholder in respect of the Direct Rights as and when the same 
become due and payable and accordingly undertakes to pay to such Accountholder in 
the manner and currency prescribed by the Conditions for payments by the Issuer in 
respect of the Guaranteed Notes on or before the expiry of any grace period 
applicable to the Guaranteed Notes, the principal amount of the Guaranteed Notes 
and interest on the Guaranteed Notes which the Issuer is at any time liable to pay to 
such Accountholder in respect of the Guaranteed Notes and which the Issuer has 
failed to pay, 
in each case, up to the amount of [currency][140% of the principal amount of the Guaranteed 
Notes]. 
2.2 
The Guarantor undertakes to each Beneficiary that, if any sum referred to in Clause 2.1 is not 
recoverable from the Guarantor thereunder for any reason whatsoever (including, without 
limitation, by reason of any Guaranteed Note, the Deed of Covenant or any provision thereof 
being or becoming void, unenforceable or otherwise invalid under any applicable law), then 
(notwithstanding that the same may have been known to such Beneficiary) the Guarantor will 
pay such sum by way of a full indemnity in the manner and currency prescribed by the 
Conditions. This indemnity constitutes a separate independent obligation from the other 
obligations under this Deed of Guarantee and shall give rise to a separate and independent 
cause of action. 
2.3 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Clauses 2.1 and 2.2 hereof, it is specifically 
agreed that the place of performance of any and all obligations under this Deed of Guarantee 
shall be London, England and consequently any and all payments of the Guarantor under this 
Guarantee of the Notes shall be made out of or to the credit of bank accounts maintained with 
banks legally operating and situated in London, England. 
2.4 
This Deed of Guarantee expires one day after the date falling six months after the maturity 
date of the Guaranteed Notes.  
3. 
TAXATION 
If in respect of any payment to be made under this Deed of Guarantee, any withholding tax is payable, 
the Guarantor shall pay the additional amounts referred to in Condition 12, all subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 12.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
4. 
PRESERVATION OF RIGHTS 
4.1 
The obligations of the Guarantor hereunder shall be deemed to be undertaken as principal 
obligor and not merely as surety. 
4.2 
The obligations of the Guarantor hereunder shall be continuing obligations notwithstanding 
any settlement of account or other matter or thing whatsoever and, in particular but without 
limitation, shall not be considered satisfied by any intermediate payment or satisfaction of all 
or any of the Issuer's obligations under any Guaranteed Note or the Deed of Covenant and 
shall continue in full force and effect until all sums due from the Issuer in respect of the 
Guaranteed Notes and under the Deed of Covenant have been paid, and all other obligations of 
the Issuer thereunder have been satisfied, in full.  
4.3 
Neither the obligations expressed to be assumed by the Guarantor herein nor the rights, 
powers and remedies conferred upon the Beneficiaries by this Deed of Guarantee or by law 
shall be discharged, impaired or otherwise affected by: 
(a) 
the winding up, liquidation, reorganisation, moratorium or dissolution of the Issuer or 
any change in its status, functioning, control or ownership or events of a similar 
nature under applicable law; 
(b) 
any of the obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Guaranteed Notes or the 
Deed of Covenant being or becoming illegal, invalid, ineffective or unenforceable; 
(c) 
time or other indulgence being granted or agreed to be granted to the Issuer in respect 
of any of its obligations under or in respect of the Guaranteed Notes or the Deed of 
Covenant; 
(d) 
any amendment, novation, supplement, extension (whether of maturity or otherwise) 
or restatement (in each case, however fundamental and of whatsoever nature) or 
replacement, waiver or release of, any obligation of the Issuer under or in respect of 
any Guaranteed Note or the Deed of Covenant or any security or other guarantee or 
indemnity in respect thereof including without limitation any change in the purposes 
for which the proceeds of the issue of the Guaranteed Notes are to be applied and any 
extension of or any increase in the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any 
Guaranteed Note or the addition of any new obligations for the Issuer under the Deed 
of Covenant; or 
(e) 
any other act, event or omission which, but for this sub-clause, might operate to 
discharge, impair or otherwise affect the obligations expressed to be assumed by the 
Guarantor herein or any of the rights, powers or remedies conferred upon the 
Beneficiaries or any of them by this Deed of Guarantee or by law. 
4.4 
Any settlement or discharge between the Guarantor and the Beneficiaries or any of them shall 
be conditional upon no payment to the Beneficiaries or any of them by the Issuer or any other 
Person on the Issuer's behalf being avoided or reduced by virtue of any provision or enactment 
relating to liquidation, winding-up or similar laws of general application for the time being in 
force and, in the event of any such payment being so avoided or reduced, the Beneficiaries 
shall be entitled to recover the amount by which such payment is so avoided or reduced from 
the Guarantor subsequently as if such settlement or discharge had not occurred. 
4.5 
No Beneficiary shall be obliged before exercising any of the rights, powers or remedies 
conferred upon it by this Deed of Guarantee or by law: 
(a) 
to make any demand of the Issuer save for the presentation of the relevant Guaranteed 
Note; 
(b) 
to take any action or obtain judgment in any court against the Issuer; or

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
(c) 
to make or file any claim or proof in a winding up or dissolution of the Issuer, 
and (save as aforesaid) the Guarantor hereby expressly waives presentment, demand, protest 
and notice of dishonour in respect of each Guaranteed Note. 
4.6 
The Guarantor agrees that, so long as any sums are or may be owed by the Issuer in respect of 
the Guaranteed Notes or under the Deed of Covenant or the Issuer is under any other actual or 
contingent obligation thereunder or in respect thereof, the Guarantor will not exercise any 
right which the Guarantor may at any time have by reason of the performance by the 
Guarantor of its obligations hereunder: 
(a) 
to be indemnified by the Issuer; 
(b) 
to claim any contribution from any other guarantor of the Issuer's obligations under or 
in respect of the Guaranteed Notes or the Deed of Covenant; 
(c) 
to take the benefit (in whole or in part) of any security enjoyed in connection with the 
Guaranteed Notes or the Deed of Covenant by any Beneficiary; or 
(d) 
to be subrogated to the rights of any Beneficiary against the Issuer in respect of 
amounts paid by the Guarantor under this Deed of Guarantee or the Deed of 
Covenant. 
4.7 
The Guarantor irrevocably undertakes that its obligations hereunder in respect of the 
Guaranteed Notes will constitute direct, general, unconditional and (subject to Clause 5 
(Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor which will at all times rank at least 
pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated External 
Indebtedness of the Guarantor, provided further that the Guarantor shall have no obligation to 
effect equal or rateable payment(s) at any time with respect to any such other External 
Indebtedness and, in particular, shall have no obligation to pay other External Indebtedness at 
the same time or as a condition of paying sums due under the Guarantee of the Notes and vice 
versa. 
5. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any Guaranteed Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the 
Guarantor shall not, and shall not permit (to the extent the Guarantor has power to refuse such 
permission) any Agency to, create or permit to arise or subsist any Security Interest (other than a 
Permitted Security Interest) upon any of the Guarantor's assets or revenues, present or future, to 
secure any Relevant External Indebtedness of the Guarantor or of any other Person or any guarantee 
or indemnity of the Guarantor in respect of Relevant External Indebtedness of any other Person 
unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Guarantor's obligations under this Deed of Guarantee are 
secured equally and rateably therewith or have the benefit of such other arrangement as may be 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
6. 
DEPOSIT OF DEED OF GUARANTEE 
An original of this Deed of Guarantee shall be deposited with and held by the Fiscal Agent until the 
expiry of the Guarantee of the Notes. The Guarantor hereby acknowledges the right of every 
Beneficiary to the production of this Deed of Guarantee. 
7. 
STAMP DUTIES 
The Guarantor shall pay all stamp, registration and other similar taxes and duties (including any 
interest and penalties thereon or in connection therewith) which are payable upon or in connection 
with the execution and delivery of this Deed of Guarantee.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
8. 
BENEFIT OF DEED OF GUARANTEE 
8.1 
This Deed of Guarantee shall take effect as a deed poll for the benefit of the Beneficiaries 
from time to time. 
8.2 
This Deed of Guarantee shall enure to the benefit of each Beneficiary and its (and any 
subsequent) successors and assigns, each of which shall be entitled severally to enforce this 
Deed of Guarantee against the Guarantor. 
8.3 
The Guarantor shall not be entitled to assign or transfer all or any of its rights, benefits and 
obligations hereunder. Each Beneficiary shall be entitled to assign all or any of its rights and 
benefits hereunder. 
9. 
PARTIAL INVALIDITY 
If at any time any provision hereof is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect under 
the laws of any applicable jurisdiction, neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining 
provisions hereof nor the legality, validity or enforceability of such provision under the laws of any 
other applicable jurisdiction shall in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
10. 
NOTICES 
10.1 
All notices and other communications to the Guarantor hereunder shall be made in writing (by 
letter or fax) and shall be sent to the Guarantor at: 
Ministry of Finance 
Guarantees and Sureties Department 
Address: 
ul. Świętokrzyska 12 
00-916 Warsaw 
Poland 
Tel: 
 
+48 22 694 4151 
Fax: 
 
+48 22 694 33 88 
Attention: 
Mr Jacek Barylski, Head of Guarantees and Sureties Department 
Email:  
Sekretariat.DG@mf.gov.pl 
or to such other address, telex number or fax number or for the attention of such other Person 
or department as the Guarantor has notified to the Beneficiaries in the manner prescribed for 
the giving of notices in connection with the Guaranteed Notes. 
10.2 
Every notice or other communication sent in accordance with Clause 10.1 shall be effective 
upon receipt by the Guarantor provided, however, that any such notice or other 
communication which would otherwise take effect after 4.00 p.m.  on any particular day shall 
not take effect until 10.00 a.m. on the immediately succeeding business day in the place of the 
Guarantor. 
11. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
11.1 
This Deed of Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it shall be governed by English law. 
11.2 
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute, arising out of or in 
connection with this Deed of Guarantee (including a dispute relating to the existence, validity 
or termination of this Deed of Guarantee or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in 
connection with it) or the consequences of its nullity (a “Dispute”) and the Guarantor 
irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the English court.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
11.3 
The Guarantor agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient 
courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
11.4 
The Guarantor agrees that the documents which start any proceedings relating to a Dispute 
(“Proceedings”) and any other documents required to be served in relation to those 
Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to the Ambassador of the Republic of 
Poland to the Court of St. James's, Embassy of the Republic of Poland in London, 47 Portland 
Place, London W1B 1JH, England. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any 
Beneficiary to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.  
11.5 
The Guarantor consents generally in respect of any Proceedings to the giving of any relief or 
the issue of any process in connection with such Proceedings including (without limitation) 
the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use 
or intended use) of any order or judgment which is made or given in such Proceedings. 
11.6 
To the extent that the Guarantor may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its assets or 
revenues immunity (whether sovereign, diplomatic or other) from suit, execution, attachment 
(whether in aid of execution, before judgment or otherwise) or other legal process and to the 
extent that such immunity (whether or not claimed) may be attributed in any such jurisdiction 
to the Guarantor or its assets or revenues, the Guarantor agrees not to claim and irrevocably 
waives such immunity to the full extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdiction provided, 
however, that immunity is not waived in respect of present or future “premises of the mission” 
as such term is defined in the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations signed in 1961, 
“consular premises” as such term is defined in the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations 
signed in 1963 or military property or military assets of the Guarantor. The Guarantor reserves 
the right to plead sovereign immunity under the U.S. Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 
1976 with respect to any actions brought against it in any court of or in the United States of 
America under any United States federal or state securities law. 
12. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
12.1 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Holders to consider 
matters relating to the Guaranteed Notes, including the modification of any provision of this 
Deed of Guarantee. Any such modification may be made by supplemental deed poll executed 
by the Guarantor if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution and shall be binding on all 
Beneficiaries. 
12.2 
This Deed of Guarantee has been executed in both the Polish and the English language. The 
parties agree that the English language version of this Deed of the Guarantee will be the 
binding version for the purposes of its construction. Accordingly, if there are any 
discrepancies between the Polish language version and the English language version of this 
Deed of Guarantee, the English language version will prevail. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Deed of Guarantee has been duly executed by the Guarantor as a 
deed and is intended to be and is hereby delivered on the date first before written.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly 
supplemented (if necessary), amended (if necessary) and completed to reflect the particular terms of 
the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the 
form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation (as defined below). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”)]/[MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any [person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)] /[distributor] should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), 
and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic 
                                                     
1 
This would only be applicable for Notes other than Guaranteed Notes.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
law of the UK by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[EUWA]; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)]/[distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, “MiFID II”)]/[MiFID II]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients 
are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services - subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]. [Consider any negative target market.] Any [person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)]/[distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable.]] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms 
part of the domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[EUWA], eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law 
by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); EITHER [and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services - subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under the [FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook]/[COBS], as 
applicable]. [Consider any negative target market.] Any [person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)]/[distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under the [FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook]/[COBS], as applicable.]] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – In connection with 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore ( the “SFA”) and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 
2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 
309A(1) of the SFA) that the Notes are [“prescribed capital markets products”]/[“capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products”] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018)

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
and [“Specified Investment Products”] / [“Excluded Investment Products”] (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendations on Investment Products).]2 
Final Terms dated [•] 
BANK GOSPODARSTWA KRAJOWEGO 
LEI: 259400BCOV9JJIGLYF05 
(state bank incorporated under the laws of Poland) 
[Guaranteed by 
THE STATE TREASURY OF THE REPUBLIC OF POLAND 
pursuant to a Deed of Guarantee dated [●]] 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €15,000,000,000 
Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms used 
herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Offering Circular dated 8 May 2023 [as supplemented by the 
supplemental Offering Circular dated [•]] ([together,] the “Offering Circular”) [which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
“Prospectus Regulation”)]3. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes described herein 
[for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] 4 and must be read in conjunction with the Offering 
Circular in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under an Offering Circular with an earlier date: 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Offering Circular dated [4 May 2016]/[24 October 2017]/[14 May 
2018]/[22 December 2020]/[23 December 2021]/[16 December 2022]. These Final Terms contain the 
final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 8 May 2023 
[as supplemented by the supplemental Offering Circular dated [•]] ([together,] the “Offering 
Circular”) in order to obtain all the relevant information [which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”), save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the Offering Circular dated [4 
May 2016]/[24 October 2017]/[14 May 2018]/[22 December 2020]/[23 December 2021]/[16 
December 2022] and are incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular].5 This document 
constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein [for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation] 6. 
                                                     
2 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer. 
3 
To include for Notes other than Guaranteed Notes only. 
4 
To include for Notes other than Guaranteed Notes only. 
5 
To include for Notes other than Guaranteed Notes only. 
6 
To include for Notes other than Guaranteed Notes only.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
[End of alternative language] 
The Offering Circular has been published and these Final Terms will be published, in each case, on 
www.luxse.com. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
sub-paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranche(s)] on [the 
Issue Date/the exchange date of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note which is expected to occur on or 
about [date]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
3. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[•] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche: 
[•] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
6. 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
[(ii)] 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date/other date (specify)/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
the relevant month and year] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[Specify reference rate] +/-[•] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
amount. 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (but excluding) [•] 
paragraph [15]/[16] applies and for the period 
from (and including) [•] up to (and including) 
the 
Maturity 
Date 
paragraph 
[15]/[16] 
applies]/[Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
13. 
Date 
of 
Supervisory 
Board 
and 
Management Board approval for issuance 
of Notes: 
[•] and [•], respectively 
14. 
[(i)] 
Guarantee of the Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[(ii)] 
Date of the Guarantee of the 
Notes: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year commencing on [•] up to (and 
including) 
[the 
Maturity 
Date/other 
date 
(specify)] [[adjusted for payment purposes only 
in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention 
and 
any 
applicable 
Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business 
Day”]/[, No Adjustment]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)]/[other]7 
 
(vi) 
Other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest for Fixed 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
                                                     
7 
If the applicable Day Count Fraction is 30/360, 30E/360 or Eurobond basis and the intention is that the 2006 
ISDA Definitions apply, then this should be specified in Item 281 (Other terms or special conditions) as the 2000 ISDA 
Definitions is the “default” definition pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. If the applicable Day Count 
Fraction is 30E/360 (ISDA), then the 2006 ISDA Definitions will apply and this should be specified in Item 28 (Other terms 
or special conditions).

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
Rate Notes: 
(Consider if day count fraction, particularly for 
Euro denominated issues, should be on an 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) basis. Also consider what 
should happen to unmatured Coupons in the 
event of early redemption of the Notes.) 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
[(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[•]] 
 
 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates 
are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than 
Interest Payment Dates, will only be relevant if 
the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert “Not 
Applicable”) 
 
[(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•]] 
 
 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates 
are alternatives. If the Business Day Convention 
is 
the 
FRN 
Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention insert 
“Not Applicable”) 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Specify applicable Business Day Convention]/ 
[No Adjustment] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/ other (give details)] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need 
to specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this 
function)] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[For example EURIBOR] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[For example, Reuters page EURIBOR01] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. Brussels time] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[For example, Euro-zone (where Euro-zone 
means the region comprised of the countries 
whose lawful currency is the euro)] 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination:

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)]/[other]8 
 
(xiii) 
Fall back provisions, rounding 
provisions, denominator and any 
other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest on Floating 
Rate Notes, if different from those 
set out in the Conditions: 
[•] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable: 
[Consider whether it is necessary to specify a 
Day Count Fraction for the purposes of 
Condition 8(b)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
(Call): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call) of each Note and method, if 
any, 
of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
                                                     
8 
If the applicable Day Count Fraction is 30/360, 30E/360 or Eurobond basis and the intention is that the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions apply, then this should be specified in Item 28 (Other terms or special conditions) as the 2000 ISDA Definitions 
is the “default” definition pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. If the applicable Day Count Fraction is 
30E/360 (ISDA), then the 2006 ISDA Definitions will apply and this should be specified in Item 28 (Other terms or special 
conditions).

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[•] 
19. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
(Put): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Put) of each Note and method, if 
any, 
of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[•] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
21. 
Early Termination Amount 
 
 
Early Termination Amount(s) payable on 
event of default and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or if 
different from that set out in the 
Conditions): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable (if 
the Early Termination Amount is the principal 
amount 
of 
the 
Notes/specify 
the 
Early 
Termination Amount if different from the 
principal amount of the Notes)] 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
[•][As set out in the Conditions] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes9: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on 40 days’ notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note.] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on 40 days’ notice.] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on not less than 60 days’ 
notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note.]] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Unrestricted Global Registered Note registered 
in the name of a nominee for [a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
                                                     
9 
The exchange upon expiry of a period of notice or at any time options referred to below should not be expressed to 
be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes includes language substantially to the following effect: “€100,000 
and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and including €199,000”. Furthermore, such Specified Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary Bearer 
Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
 
 
[Restricted Global Registered Note registered in 
the name of [a nominee for DTC] [a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg][a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
[Unrestricted 
Global 
Registered 
Note 
exchangeable for Individual Unrestricted Note 
Certificates 
[in 
the 
limited 
circumstances 
described in the Unrestricted Global Registered 
Note][other]  
[Restricted 
Global 
Registered 
Note 
exchangeable for Individual Restricted Note 
Certificates 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances 
described in the Restricted Global Registered 
Note][other] 
24. 
New Global Note form: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
25. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this item 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not 
interest period end dates, to which items 15(ii) 
and 16(vii) relate] 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
28. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(If 2006 ISDA Definitions are to be applied, 
indicate this here. If 2000 ISDA Definitions are 
to be applied, no comment is necessary.) 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[•] has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [•], 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of BANK GOSPODARSTWA KRAJOWEGO: 
 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Luxembourg/other (specify other market, only a 
market in a jurisdiction to which the Offering 
Circular was passported can be specified)/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the [regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/other (specify 
other market, only a market in a jurisdiction to 
which the Offering Circular was passported can 
be specified)] with effect from [•].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading.) 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be] rated]/[The Issuer’s unsecured, 
unsubordinated long-term debt securities have been rated]: 
 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: 
[•] 
 
Moody's Investors Service Cyprus Ltd. 
[•] 
 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: 
[•] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
[[•] is established in the EEA and certified under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended.]/[[•] is not established in the EEA but the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [•], which is established in the EEA and certified under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended.]/[[•] is not established in the EEA but is certified under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009, as amended.]/[include alternative disclosure on Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 or 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]. 
[include brief explanation and definitions of ratings assigned] 
3. 
[INTEREST OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the 
Guarantor ]and [its][their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Amend as appropriate if 
there are other interests.] 
 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATE OF THE 
TOTAL EXPENSES RELATED TO THE ADMISSION TO TRADING

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
 
(i) 
Use of proceeds: 
The net proceeds from the issue of Notes will be 
applied by the Issuer for [specify use of 
proceeds]. 
 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and presented in order of 
priority. If proceeds are insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.) 
 
[(iii)] Estimated total expenses related to 
the admission to trading: 
[•] [Include breakdown of expenses.] 
 
 
(Only necessary to include disclosure of net 
proceeds and total expenses at (ii) and (iii) above 
where disclosure is included at (i) above.) 
5. 
Fixed Rate Notes Only — YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
6. 
Floating Rate Notes Only — HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from [Reuters]./Not Applicable] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
Stabilisation Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Regulation S Category [1/2]]; [Rule 144A] 
 
TEFRA: 
[Not Applicable/The TEFRA [C/D] Rules are 
applicable] 
 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 10 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
the 
Notes 
clearly 
do 
not 
constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do constitute 
“packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, “Applicable” should be specified.)] 
 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 10 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
the 
Notes 
clearly 
do 
not 
constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do constitute 
“packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
                                                     
10 
This would only be applicable for Notes other than Guaranteed Notes.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the 
UK, “Applicable” should be specified.)] 
 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code [(Unrestricted Notes)]: 
[•] 
 
[ISIN Code (Restricted Notes): 
[•]] 
 
Common Code [(Unrestricted Notes)]: 
[•] 
 
[Common Code (Restricted Notes): 
[•]] 
 
[CUSIP (Restricted Notes): 
[•]] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable (in the case of Notes issued in 
CGN form or in respect of Notes cleared through 
the DTC)] [Yes, in respect of an Unrestricted 
Global Registered Note and/or a Restricted to be 
held under NSS / Global Note issued in NGN 
form].  
 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)] [include this text for registered 
notes] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] [include 
this text for registered notes]. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than [DTC,] 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat 
as necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, 
as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does 
not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such that 
[name of administrator] is not currently required 
to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
[Not relevant for a EU PR approved prospectus]

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the relevant Global 
Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the 
case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary 
(or its nominee) or, as the case may be, common safekeeper (or its nominee). 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Unrestricted Global Registered Note, references 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the person in whose name 
such Unrestricted Global Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so 
long as the Unrestricted Global Registered Note is held by or on behalf of a depositary or a common 
depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper or a 
nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Restricted Global Registered Note, references in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the person in whose name 
such Restricted Global Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so 
long as the Restricted Global Registered Note is (i) held by a custodian for DTC and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, will be DTC and/or any other relevant clearing system (or its nominee) or 
(ii) held by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that 
depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common 
depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global 
Registered Note (each an “Accountholder”) must look solely to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such 
Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuer or (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other 
rights arising under such Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner 
in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered 
Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant 
Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no 
claim directly against the Issuer or (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor in respect of 
payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer and (if the Notes are Guaranteed 
Notes) the Guarantor will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or Global 
Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes and Global Registered Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is 
a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note 
Certificate or Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in 
full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to 
the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding 
liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
interest is made in respect of the (i) Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the 
payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and (ii) Global Registered Note, the Issuer shall 
procure that if such Note is held under the NSS the payment is entered pro rata in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg and in all other cases the payment is noted in a schedule 
thereto. Payments on any Temporary Global Note issued in compliance with TEFRA D before the 
exchange date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. Payments of principal and interest in respect 
of Global Registered Notes registered in the name of, or in the name of a nominee for, DTC and 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars will be made or procured to be made by 
the Fiscal Agent in the Specified Currency in accordance with the following provisions. The amounts 
in such Specified Currency payable by the Fiscal Agent or its agent to DTC with respect to Registered 
Notes held by DTC or its nominee will be received from the Issuer by the Fiscal Agent who will make 
payments in such Specified Currency by wire transfer of same day funds to the designated bank 
account in such Specified Currency of those DTC participants entitled to receive the relevant payment 
who have made an irrevocable election to DTC, in the case of interest payments, on or prior to the 
third DTC business day after the DTC Record Date (as defined below under “Payment Record Date”) 
for the relevant payment of interest and, in the case of payments or principal, at least 12 DTC business 
days prior to the relevant payment date, to receive that payment in such Specified Currency. The 
Fiscal Agent, after Citibank, N.A., London Branch as the exchange agent appointed by the Issuer 
pursuant to the terms of the Agency Agreement (the “Exchange Agent”), has converted amounts in 
such Specified Currency into U.S. Dollars, will cause the Exchange Agent to deliver such U.S. Dollar 
amount in same day funds to DTC for payment through its settlement system to those DTC 
participants entitled to receive the relevant payment who did not elect to receive such payment in such 
Specified Currency. The Agency Agreement sets out the manner in which such conversions are to be 
made. “DTC business day” means any day on which DTC is open for business. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, shall be, if the 
currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the 
currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may 
be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the 
person shown as the Holder in the Register, (i) except in the case of Global Registered Notes to be 
cleared through DTC, at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System 
Business Day before the due date for such payment (the “Record Date”) where “Clearing System 
Business Day” means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is 
being held is open for business; and (ii) in the case of the Global Registered Notes to be cleared 
through DTC, on the 15th DTC business day before the due date for such payment (the “DTC Record 
Date”). 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(e) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the 
holder of a Global Registered Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit 
of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent, in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system (as applicable), specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect 
of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be 
withdrawn. Accountholders wishing to arrange for their Notes to be put must arrange for their 
instructions to be given in accordance with the rules and procedures of the clearing system through 
which they hold their interest in such Notes, which may require the transfer of such Notes, or the 
blocking thereof, in the relevant clearing system.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 
9(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of 
the Notes, the Permanent Global Note or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the 
principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be 
redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of DTC, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at 
their discretion). If fewer than all of the Notes represented by the Restricted Global Registered Note 
which are held or cleared through DTC are subject to redemption, the Notes shall be redeemed on a 
pro rata pass-through distribution of principal basis in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
DTC. 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered 
Note and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global 
Note are), or the Global Registered Note is, registered in the name of a nominee for DTC or deposited 
with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of delivery to DTC and/or 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for 
so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a 
requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall also be published in a leading 
newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for the purpose specified in 
the Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
CAPITALIZATION AND INDEBTEDNESS 
The following tables present the capitalization and indebtedness and net financial debt of BGK as of 
31 December 2022. This section should be read together with the information contained in “Selected 
Financial Information”, the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements, the 2021 Consolidated Financial 
Statements, the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements and the respective notes thereto. 
Capitalization and Indebtedness 
The table below sets forth the capitalization and indebtedness of the Group as of 31 December 2022. 
As of 31 December 2022 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Financial debt ...........................................................................................................
168,943 
Amounts due to banks ...............................................................................................
4,531 
Liabilities to customers ..............................................................................................
153,816 
Repurchase agreements .............................................................................................
6,574 
Own issues .................................................................................................................
3,934 
Lease liabilities ..........................................................................................................
88 
Equity .......................................................................................................................
30,688 
Statutory capital .........................................................................................................
26,879 
Revaluation reserve ...................................................................................................
(400) 
Legal reserves ............................................................................................................
1,608 
Other reserves ............................................................................................................
232 
Retained earnings ......................................................................................................
2,369 
Total  .........................................................................................................................
199,631 
Source: BGK 
There have been no material changes in the capitalization, indebtedness or liquidity of the Issuer from 
31 December 2022, to the date of this Offering Circular other than as described herein. 
Indirect, Conditional and Other Indebtedness 
BGK carries out government tasks on the basis of acts and agreements with ministries, including 
through cash flow funds established by, entrusted with or transferred to BGK, for which, by virtue of 
law, BGK keeps separate accounting books and prepares separate financial statements. Cash flow 
funds manage and administer cash flows which are not recognised in BGK’s statement of financial 
position and the statement of profit or loss. Detailed information on the financial position and profit 
and loss of cash-flow funds for each financial year is available in the statements of funds established 
under separate legislation, which are included in the 2022 Standalone Financial Statements, 2021 
Standalone Financial Statements and 2020 Standalone Financial Statements incorporated by reference 
in this Offering Circular. 
For further information on off-balance sheet liabilities granted and received of the Group, please see 
Note 36 of the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER AND OVERVIEW OF THE 
GROUP’S FINANCIAL CONDITION 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Offering Circular relating to the Group 
has been derived from the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements, the 2021 Consolidated Financial 
Statements and 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
BGK’s financial year ends on December 31 and references in this Offering Circular to any specific 
year are to the 12-month period ended on December 31 of such year. BGK’s consolidated and 
standalone financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the 
European Union. 
Group financial information for the years ended 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2020 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 
 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
2020 
(audited) 
(PLN million) 
Continuing operations 
 
 
 
Interest income ..........................................................................
10,006 
1,461 
1,512 
Interest income calculated with the use of the effective 
interest rate method ...................................................................
9,208 
1,368 
1,386 
Income of similar nature to interest income on instruments at 
fair value through profit or loss .................................................
798 
93 
126 
Interest expense .........................................................................
(7,041) 
(428) 
(557) 
Net interest income ..................................................................
2,965 
1,033 
955 
Fee and commission income ......................................................
335 
311 
261 
Fee and commission expense .....................................................
(18) 
(16) 
(13) 
Net fee and commission income ..............................................
317 
295 
248 
Net gains (losses) on financial instruments at fair value 
through profit or loss and foreign exchange gains (losses) ........
210 
169 
115 
Net gains (losses) on investments in financial assets .................
55 
49 
(10) 
Net gains (losses) on modifications ...........................................
157 
19 
151 
Other operating income .............................................................
15 
332 
139 
Other operating expenses ...........................................................
(92) 
(72) 
(117) 
General administrative expenses ...............................................
(685) 
(652) 
(624) 
Net impairment losses and provisions .......................................
(301) 
(332) 
(385) 
Operating result .......................................................................
2,641 
841 
472 
Share of profit or loss of associates ...........................................
32 
253 
(25) 
Profit before tax .......................................................................
2,673 
1,094 
447 
Income tax .................................................................................
(511) 
(219) 
(80) 
Net profit ..................................................................................
2,162 
875 
367 
Net profit attributable to the owner of the parent entity .....
2,162 
875 
367 
Net profit/loss attributable to non-controlling interests .......
- 
- 
(1) 
Source:  2022 Consolidated Financial Statements, 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Net profit ..................................................................................
2,162 
875 
367 
Other comprehensive income ....................................................
(452) 
(52) 
(42) 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or 
(194) 
(375) 
89

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
loss .............................................................................................
Revaluation of financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income, including: ............................................
(276) 
(467) 
94 
Deferred tax on financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ..............................................................
52 
89 
(18) 
Share in other comprehensive income of associates, gross .......
2 
- 
2 
Foreign exchange gains or losses on translating subordinates ...
25 
4 
13 
Deferred tax on foreign exchange gains or losses on 
translating subordinates .............................................................
(5) 
(1) 
(2) 
Cash flow hedge, gross ..............................................................
10 
- 
- 
Deferred tax on cash flow hedge ...............................................
 
(2) 
- 
- 
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit 
or loss ........................................................................................
(258) 
323 
(131) 
Revaluation of equity instruments designated as at fair value 
through other comprehensive income, including: ......................
(320) 
400 
(159) 
Deferred tax on revaluation of equity instruments designated 
as at fair value through other comprehensive income ................
61 
(76) 
31 
Property, plant and equipment and investment property, 
including: 
- 
- 
(1) 
Deferred tax on property, plant and equipment and 
investment property ...................................................................
- 
- 
- 
Gains and losses to measurement of defined benefit plans, 
including: ...................................................................................
1 
(1) 
(1) 
Total net comprehensive income ............................................
1,710 
823 
324 
Net comprehensive income attributable to the owner of 
the parent entity .......................................................................
1,710 
823 
325 
Net comprehensive income attributable to non-
controlling interests .................................................................
- 
- 
(1) 
Source:  2022 Consolidated Financial Statements, 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with the Central Bank ..................................
3,300 
48,342 
32,262 
Amounts due from banks ...........................................................
9,931 
5,088 
5,606 
Derivative financial instruments ................................................
1,587 
468 
997 
Derivative hedging instruments .................................................
10 
- 
- 
Securities: ..................................................................................
137,259 
93,975 
76,902 
held for trading ....................................................................
6 
9 
20 
not held for trading measured at fair value through profit 
or loss ..................................................................................
718 
753 
881 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income .................................................................................
48,660 
66,693 
55,769 
measured at amortised cost ..................................................
87,875 
26,520 
20,232 
Reverse repurchase agreements .................................................
12,741 
10,003 
4,207 
Loans and advances to customers: .............................................
37,072 
33,263 
33,452 
measured at amortised cost ..................................................
36,975 
33,178 
33,349 
obligatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss ....
97 
85 
102 
Investments in associates ...........................................................
4,327 
4,818 
4,379 
Intangible assets .........................................................................
116 
80 
69 
Property, plant and equipment ...................................................
119 
126 
130

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Right-of-use assets .....................................................................
86 
105 
105 
Investment property ...................................................................
16 
19 
1,711 
Current tax receivables ..............................................................
- 
18 
1 
Deferred tax assets .....................................................................
373 
276 
325 
Other assets ................................................................................
84 
63 
179 
Total assets ...............................................................................
207,021 
196,644 
160,326 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Amounts due to banks ...............................................................
4,531 
3,576 
3,908 
Derivative financial instruments ................................................
1,359 
895 
1,325 
Liabilities to customers ..............................................................
153,816 
150,804 
116,138 
Repurchase agreements .............................................................
6,574 
10,454 
5,818 
Debt securities issued ................................................................
3,934 
3,860 
4,859 
Lease liabilities ..........................................................................
88 
113 
113 
Other liabilities ..........................................................................
4,924 
1,461 
3,642 
Current tax liabilities .................................................................
364 
- 
47 
Deferred tax liabilities ...............................................................
- 
- 
31 
Provisions ..................................................................................
743 
759 
520 
Total liabilities .........................................................................
176,333 
171,922 
136,402 
Equity 
 
 
 
Statutory capital .........................................................................
26,879 
21,982 
21,692 
Supplementary capital ...............................................................
1,608 
1,553 
1,570 
Revaluation reserve ...................................................................
(400) 
52 
104 
Other capital reserves ................................................................
232 
232 
232 
Retained earnings/accumulated loss ..........................................
207 
28 
(66) 
Net profit (loss) for the current year ..........................................
2,162 
875 
367 
Equity attributable to the owner of the parent entity ...........
30,688 
24,722 
23,900 
Non-controlling interests .........................................................
- 
- 
24 
Total equity ..............................................................................
30,688 
24,722 
23,924 
Total liabilities and equity.......................................................
207,021 
196,644 
160,326 
Source:  2022 Consolidated Financial Statements, 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements 
Alternative Performance Measures 
The table below presents selected financial ratios for the Group as of and for the periods indicated 
below: 
 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
2020 
(unaudited) 
Income from banking activities (in PLN million)  .......
3,704 
1,565 
1,459 
Cost to Income (C/I) ratio on core activities ................
18.5% 
41.7% 
42.8% 
Cost to Income (C/I) ratio including other operating 
income and expenses ...................................................
18.9% 
35.7% 
42.2% 
Return on assets (ROA)  ..............................................
1.0% 
0.4% 
0.2% 
Return on equity (ROE)  ..............................................
7.9% 
3.6% 
1.7% 
Net interest margin ......................................................
1.4% 
0.5% 
0.6% 
Source: BGK

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW 
The following is a discussion and analysis of the Group’s results of operations and financial condition 
based on the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements, 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements and 
2020 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
The Group’s consolidated historical financial information and other data should be read in 
conjunction with the information contained in “Use of Proceeds”, “Selected Financial Information of 
the Issuer and Overview of the Group’s Financial Condition” and the 2022 Consolidated Financial 
Statements, 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, and 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements 
included elsewhere in this Offering Circular.  
Unless stated otherwise, the financial and operational information presented in tables in this Offering 
Circular has been rounded to PLN thousand. As a result of this, related information appearing within 
the narrative under this caption and throughout this Offering Circular may vary in minor respects 
from the information presented in such tables, due to rounding. 
The following discussion includes forward-looking statements which, although based on assumptions 
and/or estimates that we consider reasonable, are subject to risks and uncertainties which could 
cause actual events or conditions to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the 
forward-looking statements. For a discussion of some of those risks and uncertainties, please refer to 
the sections entitled “Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors.” 
Overview 
Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego is the only Polish state development bank, and its mission is to 
support the sustainable social and economic development of Poland. The Group’s role includes 
initiating and participating in various forms of cooperation between businesses, public sector entities 
and financial institutions, including through financing, among others, infrastructure projects and local 
government projects. 
BGK was established as a credit institution in 1924 under the Decree of the President of the Republic 
of Poland dated 30 May 1924 on Merging State Credit Institutions into Bank Gospodarstwa 
Krajowego. 
The operations of BGK are governed by the Act on Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego of 14 March 
2003, as amended, and the Regulation of the Minister of Development on the adoption of the Articles 
of Association of Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego, dated 16 September 2016. Currently, BGK is the 
primary institution supporting the Polish government in the administration of socio-economic 
government programmes designed to promote entrepreneurship as well as infrastructure and 
residential investment at the national, regional and local level. 
BGK’s Group focuses its activities in several main areas: 
• 
carrying out activities supporting the economic growth of Poland by financing infrastructure 
projects and local government projects and by co-financing the foreign expansion of Polish 
companies and providing export financing; 
• 
initiating and implementing actions aimed at supporting the economic growth and 
development of Polish enterprises; 
• 
stimulating the use of capital by participating in financing consortia and assisting with 
structuring new transactions in Poland; 
• 
providing financing to fill the market gap in key areas of the Polish economy by financing 
high risk projects of significant economic importance and by supporting sectors which might 
not be able to obtain financing from commercial lenders; and

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
• 
consolidating public finances, managing European Union programmes and distributing 
European Union funds on a regional and national scale. 
The Group’s activities have a multidimensional development context. The implementation of 
activities in one area, such as financing reindustrialisation, has a positive impact on other areas, i.e. on 
labour market development, reduction of the unemployment rate or increase in state budget revenue. 
The Group’s infrastructure projects improve the quality and accessibility of services to the public and 
have a positive impact on the environment and the economy. 
The Group carries out its activities in a responsible and sustainable manner, while maintaining a 
reasonable risk appetite. Planned projects are analysed in terms of risk and their impact on the 
Poland’s sustainable economic growth. In 2022, the liquidity of BGK was at a safe level and its level 
of capital adequacy was monitored using capital adequacy ratios determined in line with the Banking 
Law and the CRR (Capital Requirements Regulation). As at 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2020, the total capital ratio of BGK (including cash flow funds) amounted to 28.91 
per cent., 29.39 per cent. and 33.86 per cent., respectively. 
An important element of the Group’s operations are activities related to co-creation and 
implementation of programmes supporting the development of the housing industry, including 
provision of debt financing to entities in the social rental housing sector, non-refundable financing in 
the rental housing construction sector, in particular to municipal entities, as well as supporting thermal 
modernisation and refurbishment of residential buildings. BGK carries out government tasks on the 
basis of acts and agreements with ministries, including through funds established, entrusted or 
transferred to BGK. These include, among others, cash flow funds related to the management and 
administration of cash flows of government funds established pursuant to applicable regulations. 
In addition, the Group actively support activities focused on exports, including through Korporacja 
Ubezpieczeń Kredytów Eksportowych S.A. (“KUKE S.A.”), implementation of the government 
export support programme and financing export projects that are partially implemented at “own risk”. 
The Group also actively supports the foreign expansion of Polish businesses through Fundusz 
Ekspansji Zagranicznej FIZ AN (“FEZ FIZ AN”) managed by PFR TFI S.A., which helps Polish 
entities co-finance their investment projects abroad by offering loans or acquiring minority 
shareholdings with a buyout option.  
BGK’s registered office and principal place of business is at Al. Jerozolimskie 7, 00-955 Warsaw, 
Poland. The correspondence address of BGK is at VARSO 2, ul. Chmielna 73, 00-801 Warsaw, 
Poland. The telephone number is +48 22 596 59 99. 
BGK is controlled by the State Treasury of the Republic of Poland (the “State Treasury”). Under the 
Act dated 14 March 2003 on Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego (the “Act”), BGK is not subject to 
Polish bankruptcy laws and all of BGK’s assets and liabilities would be taken over by the State 
Treasury if BGK was ever liquidated. Moreover, pursuant to the Act, the minister competent for 
public finance must provide BGK with amounts necessary to undertake BGK’s statutory tasks. 
Recent Developments 
The following discussion highlights the events after 31 December 2022 that may impact Group’s 
financial performance, its prospects or financial condition.  
Increase in the Statutory Capital 
On 19 April 2023, the statutory capital of BGK was increased from PLN 26,879 million to PLN 
28,882 million due to distribution of the net profit for the year ended 31 December 2022.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
Increase in Liabilities to Customers 
As at 31 March 2023, the BGK’s liabilities to customers amounted to PLN 167,512 million, 8.9 per 
cent. higher, compared to PLN 153,830 million as at 31 December 2022. The change was due to the 
development of BGK operations in the normal course of business.  
Establishment of the Government Road Development Fund  
Since 1 January 2023, BGK has been operating the Government Road Development Fund, which was 
established as a result of the transformation of a special purpose state fund into a cashflow fund under 
the Act on the Amendment of the Act on the Government Road Development Fund and Certain Other 
Acts dated 5 August 2022. The purpose of the fund is to support local government units in improving 
road safety and the technical capabilities of local road networks, as well as increasing the 
attractiveness and accessibility of investment areas. 
Opinion of the Advocate General of the CJEU dated 16 February 2023 
On 16 February 2023, the opinion of the Advocate General of the CJEU was published in the case 
pending before the CJEU, ref. C-520/21, concerning the settlement of claims arising from the non-
contractual use of capital in the event of cancellation of a loan agreement denominated in CHF in the 
context of compliance with Directive 93/13/EEC on unfair terms in consumer contracts. According to 
the opinion, in the event of the invalidation of the agreement, banks have no right to demand from the 
consumer anything other than the return of the principal paid and the payment of statutory interest for 
delay from the time of the payment demand. The opinion is not binding and does not definitively 
resolve the issues and the CJEU’s judgment is expected in 2023. 
BGK took into account the opinion of the Advocate General of the CJEU in the estimates made for 
the provision for loans originally indexed to or denominated in CHF. BGK’s CHF loan portfolio 
carrying value amounted to PLN 20.3 million as at 31 December 2022. 
Acquisition of shares in Contec S.A.  
On 17 March 2023, Vinci S.A. HiTech ASI S.K.A., an alternative investment fund, managed by Vinci 
S.A., signed an agreement on an equity investment involving the acquisition of 42,424,889 shares in 
Contec S.A. for PLN 38.2 million. Contec S.A. operations include the recovery of industrial materials 
from used tires using proprietary pyrolysis technology. 
Acquisition of shares in Vinci S.A. HiTech ASI S.K.A.  
On 23 March 2023, BGK subscribed for Series C shares of Vinci S.A. HiTech ASI S.K.A. with a 
value of PLN 41.5 million.  
Benchmark replacements 
On 7 July 2022, the Polish Parliament enacted the act on crowdfunding for business ventures and 
assistance to borrowers which, inter alia, granted the Minister of Finance the powers to issue 
regulations to determine a substitute benchmark for WIBOR on the basis of the POLONIA rate 
pursuant to the recommendations of the Financial Stability Committee and the KNF. On 13 July 2022, 
the National Working Group for the Reform of Benchmarks (the “National Working Group”) was 
established, with representatives of the Ministry of Finance, the National Bank of Poland, the KNF, 
the Bank Guarantee Fund, the Polish Development Fund Group, the Warsaw Stock Exchange, the 
National Depository for Securities, BGK, GPW Benchmark, leading commercial banks, banks 
associating cooperative banks, investment fund management companies, insurance undertakings, and 
professional associations of financial market entities The National Working Group was established 
with the aim of preparing a roadmap and a schedule of activities for the smooth and safe 
implementation of each element of the process leading to the WIBOR interest rate benchmark being 
replaced with a new benchmark. On 2 September 2022, the National Working Group selected the 
WIRD (the Warsaw Deposit Market Index) as an alternative interest rate benchmark for WIBOR and

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
to ultimately become the critical interest rate benchmark as defined in the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, which is applied in financial contracts (e.g. credit agreements), financial instruments (e.g. 
debt securities or derivatives) and by investment funds (e.g. to determine the asset management fees). 
Subsequently, on 3 October 2022, the summary of the expected roadmap for the replacement of 
WIBOR and WIBID benchmarks with the WIRON index (the “WIBOR Replacement Roadmap”) 
was published by the National Working Group, which declared a change of the name of the 
alternative interest rate benchmark for WIBOR from WIRD to WIRON (the Warsaw Interest Rate 
Overnight), as developed and published by GPW Benchmark, in order to better reflect the 
characteristics of the critical interest rate benchmark (i.e. reliance on the data representing overnight 
transactions). In the WIBOR Replacement Roadmap, the National Working Group assumed that the 
benchmark reform in Poland will be completed by the end of 2024, while the new offer of financial 
products using the WIRON index is expected to progress gradually in 2023 and 2024, with the 
objective of ceasing to use the WIBOR reference rate by the start of 2025.  
In 2022, BGK undertook a number of measures to adapt BGK’s operations to the benchmark 
replacements. In the second half of 2022, BGK participated in the work of the National Working 
Group concerning the assumptions of the WIBOR reform. In December 2022, the WIRON 
programme was launched at the Bank with the aim of timely adaptation of products, funding, 
processes, procedures, documentation for partners, communications and IT systems at BGK for the 
replacement of the previously used WIBOR and WIBID reference rates by the new WIRON interest 
rate index. In 2023, BGK aims, among other things, to implement changes to the central system and to 
banking products, in readiness for WIRON-based OIS transactions and the conversion of WIBOR and 
WIBID-based transactions. 
With respect to LIBOR indices and the Financial Conduct Authority’s decision indicating that USD 
LIBOR rates for all tenors will cease to be published from 30 June 2023, BGK plans to offer annexes 
to agreement with customers who have USD LIBOR-based loans, current accounts, bond and/or 
derivative transactions, with aim to change the reference rate on which the product is based from USD 
LIBOR to the new reference rate. 
Key Factors Influencing the Group’s Results of Operations 
The following discussion highlights the factors and market trends that we believe have significantly 
affected our results of operations for the periods under review, and we expect that such factors and 
trends may continue to significantly impact our results of operations in the future. Certain of the 
below factors have historically been cyclical or volatile, much of which is due to circumstances that 
are beyond our control. As a result, past performance will not necessarily be indicative of future 
performance. In addition, important factors that could cause our actual operations or financial 
condition to differ materially from those expressed or implied below also include, but are not limited 
to, factors indicated in this Offering Circular under “Risk Factors.” 
Policies of the Polish Government 
BGK's business, financial condition and results of operations are significantly affected by the policies 
of the Polish Government. In recent years, in addition to its ordinary financing activities, BGK has 
also been mandated pursuant to numerous regulations to undertake government-backed initiatives, 
including activities of the National Road Fund, the Aid Fund, the Armed Forces Support Fund and the 
COVID-19 Response Fund. For further information on cash flow funds see: Description of the Issuer 
– Funds.  
BGK’s consolidated statement of profit or loss presents revenue and costs related to its own activities 
and does not include revenue and costs of funds and programmes administered by BGK, except for 
costs incurred by BGK for the purpose of management of commissioned activities and revenue 
received as remuneration for such management. The revenue amounted to PLN 106 million in 2022, 
PLN 113 million in 2021, and PLN 70 million in 2020.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
Cash flow funds deal with the management of cash flows used to finance specific budget tasks. The 
assets and liabilities of cash flow funds are not disclosed in BGK’s financial statements because under 
the Polish Accounting Act and IFRS they cannot be treated as BGK’s assets and liabilities. Therefore, 
these cash flow funds are not consolidated into BGK’s own financial statements. Detailed information 
on the financial position and profit and loss of cash-flow funds, which has not been reviewed or 
audited by an independent auditor, is included in the standalone financial statements of BGK for each 
financial year.  
Payments of principal and interest on the Notes issued for the purposes of the cash flow funds are 
serviced solely from the statutory proceeds of the relevant cash flow fund. Agreements relating to 
cash flow funds stipulate that debt repayment has priority over other spending. If a cash shortfall is 
projected, BGK is required to inform the relevant ministers and has the right to suspend other 
expenditures of the relevant cash flow fund. Moreover, in certain circumstances, in the event there is a 
shortfall in the fund and upon agreement between BGK and the relevant ministry, such fund’s 
expenditures may be temporarily bridge financed from BGK’s own funds. Notwithstanding the above, 
BGK is a primary obligor under the Notes.  
These initiatives, and BGK’s role therein, are expected to continue for the foreseeable future. 
Moreover, the Polish Government may establish new initiatives or programmes to be managed or 
operated by BGK. Even though cash-flow funds are not recognized in the Group’s results of 
operations, the issuances for their purposes constitute a significant majority of the Issuer’s activities in 
the debt financial markets and engage significant resources of the Group. For example total value of 
liabilities under the bonds issued by BGK for the purposes of the COVID-19 Response Fund 
amounted to PLN 149,377 million as at 31 December 2022, PLN 141,205 million as at 31 December 
2021 and PLN 101,692 million as at 31 December 2020.  
Economic Environment 
The Group’s results of operations are influenced by developments in the Polish and global economy. 
In 2022, they were driven mostly by a rapid increase in interest rates and inflation and by other 
factors, including the Russian invasion of Ukraine and energy crisis.  
Polish economy 
In 2022, the Polish economy was hit by a strong supply and demand shock (caused by the outbreak of 
the war in Ukraine and its consequences). It affected the global economy, making it even more 
difficult for Poland and other countries’ economies to recover from the pandemic. Despite these 
headwinds, the Polish economy performed well in 2022. According to preliminary data, real GDP 
increased by 4.9 per cent. in 2022, following a strong rebound in 2021. Domestic demand increased 
by 5.5 per cent. in 2022 compared to 2021 when there was an increase of 8.4 per cent. compared to 
2020. Household consumption benefited from a strong labour market, tax cuts and consumption 
expenditure of refugees, but simultaneously was negatively affected by cautious consumer spending 
(connected with general uncertainty and the war in Ukraine) due to high inflation and higher nominal 
NBP rates. It increased by 3.0 per cent. in 2022 as compared to 6.3 per cent. in 2021. Investment 
improved moderately  by 4.6 per cent. in 2022 compared to 2.1 per cent. in 2021. The positive 
contribution to GDP growth stemmed from inventories while net exports remained anti-cyclical, 
weighing negatively on overall GDP growth. The gross value added to GDP was 4.6 per cent. higher 
than in 2021 with a relatively high growth rate recorded in the industrial sector (see: Risk Factors -
Risks related to the Issuer and the Group – Risks relating to BGK’s business activity and industry -
Deterioration in Poland’s economic conditions could affect the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations). 
As the Group operates in Poland and aims to fill the funding gap in public and private projects, 
economic conditions in Poland impact the Group’s clients’ funding needs and credit risk related 
thereto. This may translate into, among others, impairment allowances on the Group’s exposures to 
the clients, which amounted to PLN 1,722 million in 2022, PLN 1,397 million in 2021 and PLN 1,355 
million in 2020.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
Inflation and monetary policy 
The economic recovery and strengthening demand in 2022 were accompanied by rising CPI inflation. 
In 2022, the CPI rate was 14.4 per cent. on average. The inflation rate increased from 9.7 per cent. in 
the first quarter of 2022 to 17.3 per cent. in the fourth quarter of 2022. Food prices in 2022 increased 
by 15.4 per cent. on average, energy prices by 29.9 per cent. and core inflation is estimated at 9.1 per 
cent. for 2022. Acceleration of inflation in 2022 stemmed, to a large extent, from the growth in 
commodities prices (primarily energy, but also agricultural) in the international markets caused by the 
pandemic and war in Ukraine. Moreover, the economic recovery after the pandemic and relatively 
strong demand after relaxation of pandemic restrictions gradually translated into higher prices of 
many final goods and services. Moreover, in February 2023, the annual CPI rate reached 18.4 per 
cent. which was mostly caused by growing inflation rate of food products, which amounted to 22.7 
per cent. Inflation is expected to remain at a high level going forward according the NBP, which 
indicated there is 50 per cent. probability that inflation for 2023 would be in between 10.2 to13.5 per 
cent. range, despite the anti-inflation measures which have been introduced by the government.  
In early October 2021, in response to growing inflation, the MPC raised its reference rate to 0.5 per 
cent. from 0.1 per cent. and increased the required reserve ratio to 2.0 per cent. from 0.5 per cent. In 
the following months, the MPC continued monetary tightening, given a risk that second-round effects 
and buoyant demand may feed into elevated inflation in the monetary policy transmission horizon. In 
the period between November 2021 and August 2022, the MPC hiked interest rates ten times, which 
lifted the reference rate to 6.75 per cent. In February 2022, the MPC also increased the required 
reserve ratio to 3.5 per cent., the level from before the COVID-19 pandemic.  
Growing interest rates directly impacted the Group’s net interest income which increased to PLN 
2,965 million in the year ended 31 December 2022, by 1,932 million, or 187.0 per cent., from PLN 
1,033 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. For example, in 2022, the average level of the 
loans and advances portfolio was PLN 47.8 billion, having grown by PLN 2.2 billion compared to 
2021. In 2022, the average interest rate on BGK’s portfolio of loans and advances to customers was 
5.5 per cent., compared with 1.79 per cent. for 2021. Moreover, in 2022,  BGK’s average balance of 
customer deposits was PLN 148 billion, down by PLN 6 billion, i.e. 3.7 per cent. as compared to the 
previous year. In 2022, the average cost of deposits was 4.39 per cent. as compared to 0.23 per cent. 
in 2021. 
Sustained high inflation could have a negative effect on the financial condition of the Group's 
customers, and could also put pressure on yields on short- and long-term bonds issued by or held by 
the Issuer. Moreover, the Group’s assets are exposed to increases in inflation and/or in inflation 
forecasts, which could accompany increases in interest rates and lead to a decrease in the market value 
of bonds held in the Group’s securities portfolio. Depending on the relevant macroeconomic context, 
increases in inflation could also have a negative impact on risk premiums and share prices, which 
could result in a decline in the market value of the Group’s equity portfolio. This could have an 
adverse effect on the profitability of the Group’s securities portfolio and the Group’s revenues (see: 
Key Factors Influencing Group’s Results of Operations – Economic Environment – Fluctuation in the 
value of the securities portfolio). 
Fluctuation in the value of the securities portfolio 
The Group’s portfolio of securities comprises debt and equity securities. The quality of the Group’s 
portfolio of securities may be affected by macroeconomic factors, the general business environment 
and developments in the financial markets, and by the creditworthiness and financial position of 
counterparties to the Group’s transactions. The quality of debt securities held by the Group is 
dependent upon the ability of issuers of the securities to make payments on the securities when due, 
which in turn may be affected by changes in their financial standing. 
As at 31 December 2022, debt instruments issued by the State Treasury and the NBP accounted for 
90.0 per cent of the Group’s debt securities portfolio. A decrease in the price of such securities may 
occur as a result of several factors, in particular: (i) an increased supply of such securities by the

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
Polish government due to an increased issue of those securities to finance the budget deficit or an 
increased offer of securities by investors disposing of them; (ii) increases in domestic interest rates; 
(iii) a decrease in the credit ratings for Poland’s sovereign debt; or (iv) increased political risk and a 
negative perception of Poland by investors. Any decrease in the price of such securities could 
adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The Group’s equity portfolio consists mainly of shares and certificates issued by Polish and foreign 
investment funds in which BGK is the main investor. These funds are managed by professional 
external entities, which means that BGK has no direct influence on the results of these funds. The 
value of these securities may be very volatile due to the market uncertainty and significant operational 
costs of certain investment funds. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s net equity investments stood at PLN 5,894 million as at the end 
of 2022, down PLN 888 million, or 13.1%, compared to the end of 2021. The change resulted mainly 
from the redemption of part of the Group’s PFR FI FIZAN certificates, an increase of exposure to the 
Three Seas Initiative Investment Fund and lower valuation of PKO BP S.A. shares. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Bank held shares in 26 companies (including three public companies, of 
which two were listed on the Warsaw Stock Exchange). 
The shares in PKO BP S.A. represent the largest item of BGK’s share portfolio in terms of value. As 
at the 31 December 2022, the Bank also held shares in 23 non-public companies, including 13 
regional and local surety funds, 11 of which were classified as associates of BGK and are measured 
using the equity method. 
In addition, as at the end of 2022, BGK was a unitholder of two closed-end investment funds managed 
by PFR TFI S.A. The funds in which BGK held units invest mainly in infrastructure and support the 
expansion of Polish businesses. 
Compared with the figure as at 31 December 2021 the total value of investment certificates held by 
BGK as at 31 December 2022 decreased by PLN 1,200 million due to the merger of two investment 
fund and redemption of certificates. 
BGK is also an investor in the Polish Growth Fund of Funds, PGFF (Polski Fundusz Funduszy 
Wzrostu) established in 2013 with a five-year investment term, as part of a joint initiative of BGK and 
the European Investment Fund. The PGFF invests in private equity (major share) and venture capital 
funds, with no industry specialisation, investing in Poland and other Central and Eastern Europe 
countries. In addition, BGK has invested in pan-European equity funds operating under the 
Luxembourg law, established to finance infrastructure projects in the energy sector, including in the 
generation of electricity from renewable energy sources, transportation and digital infrastructure, i.e., 
the 2020 European Fund for Energy, Climate Change and Infrastructure and Marguerite II SCSp. 
Any adverse market sentiments, including increased market volatility and uncertainty and related 
market movements may also affect the results of the Group’s trading book. In 2022, BGK co-founded 
and joined the newly established Marguerite III SCSp fund. 
Impact of the Russian Military Invasion of Ukraine 
The military attack launched in Ukraine by Russia in late February 2022 caused disruptions in supply 
chains between Poland, Ukraine, Russia, Belarus and other countries. They occurred as a result of 
blocking the logistics system linking Eastern Europe and Central Europe and sanctions imposed on 
Russia and Belarus. 
The main source of uncertainty for 2023 is primarily related to the war in Ukraine, which has strongly 
impacted commodity markets and price processes, and, as a result, consumption, the shape of 
monetary policies and aggregate demand. BGK expects that the Polish economy will be negatively 
correlated with the strength of price processes and the associated level of the global risk-free rate.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
However, the GDP growth rate is expected to be positively affected by increased private and public 
consumption resulting from accepting refugees.  
BGK finances investment projects in Ukraine, Russia and Belarus in the area of construction, 
agriculture and industry. Depending on the object of financing, the exposures are collateralised on the 
financed assets, most of all KUKE guarantees. The value of financing translated into Polish zloty 
varies around 1 per cent. of the value of BGK’s loan portfolio. 
For prudential reasons, when Russia initiated the military attack on Ukraine, BGK immediately 
reclassified selected financing instruments in Ukraine, Russia and Belarus from Stage 1 to Stage 2. 
Decisions are made on a case-by-case basis to reclassify exposures to Stage 3 depending on the 
observed indications for reclassification. Moreover, BGK analysed its loan portfolio for clients 
exposed to the war in Ukraine, including through: lower revenue from exports to Ukraine, Belarus and 
Russia, limited operations due to lower imports of goods and raw materials from those markets, or 
higher cost of raw materials. BGK identified approximately 20 corporate clients exposed to these risk 
factors and performed the relevant tests, which indicated that if the assumed scenarios materialise, it 
may have to recognise additional loss allowances of approximately PLN 41.5 million. The clients 
were subject to additional monitoring. 
The above analyses are preliminary. BGK will continue to monitor its loan portfolio with exposure to 
the risk of war in Ukraine and, if needed, it will extend the analyses in subsequent reporting periods, 
which may affect the value of the high-risk loan portfolio. 
Any further developments connected with Russia’s aggression in Ukraine could impact the Group’s 
results of operations. 
Presentation of Financial Information 
For the purposes of the following discussion of our results of operations, the key line items from the 
statement of profit and loss include the following: interest income and expenses, fee and commission 
income and expenses, net gains (losses) on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss 
and foreign exchange gains (losses), net gains (losses) on investments in financial assets, net gains 
(losses) on derecognition, other operating income and expenses, general administrative expenses, net 
impairment losses and provision, share of profit or loss of associates.  
Interest income and expenses 
Interest income comprises interest and fees (received or due) taken into account in the calculation of 
the effective interest rate for, inter alia: loans with agreed repayment schedules, interbank deposits, 
and financial instruments classified to the fair value through another comprehensive income 
measurement category. It also includes income of similar nature to interest income on instruments at 
fair value through profit or loss, in particular interest on derivative instruments in the banking book 
and debt instruments. 
Interest expenses include interest on, inter alia, current accounts, deposits and securities. 
Interest income and expenses include gains and losses on a non-substantial modification, which did 
not result in derecognition of an asset from the statement of financial position. Upon a non-substantial 
modification, the modification gain or loss in a given asset is recognised in the statement of profit or 
loss and is subsequently amortised until derecognition of the asset from the statement of financial 
position. 
In the case of financial assets for which a Stage 3 (see Note 2.5.5.5 Impairment to the 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements) allowance for expected credit losses was recognised, the item 
includes an impairment interest adjustment. 
External interest income and expenses include interest income and expenses, together with the result 
on swap transactions, effective interest rate and impairment interest adjustments.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
Internal interest income and expenses includes costs/revenues from internal funds transfers based on 
transfer prices pursuant to the market rates and allocation of liquidity margins and capital income.  
Fee and commission income and expenses 
BGK’s fee and commission income and expenses concern mainly financial services offered by the 
Group and comprise in particular: commissions on credits granted and guarantee liabilities, costs of 
securities operations, and management fees as well as costs related to administration and management 
of funds and programmes. Commissions/fees are settled in the period of transactions, except for fees 
and commissions on administrative activities, which are recognised on a one-off basis in profit or loss. 
BGK’s consideration under fees for services, such as asset management or commissioned activities, is 
recognised as income in the amount which BGK expects to receive for the provided services or up to 
the amount of costs incurred. 
Commission income and expenses also include fees, whether received or paid, on financial 
instruments without an agreed repayment schedule. Fees on overdraft facilities, guarantees granted, 
and other revolving facilities are deferred and classified as commission income. 
In relation to bank assurance products, BGK, as the policyholder, offers free-of-charge insurance 
coverage to credit card holders in the form of an additional card functionality, which is an integral 
feature of the payment card and does not involve any additional fees on the part of the customer. 
Payment card insurance costs are deferred and recognised in profit or loss as commissions. 
Net gains (losses) on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss and foreign 
exchange gains (losses) 
Net gains (losses) on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss comprises gains and 
losses resulting from changes in the fair value of assets classified as held for trading and those which 
were designated as at fair value through profit or loss at initial recognition or are obligatorily 
measured at fair value through profit or loss. 
Foreign exchange gains or losses comprise gains or losses, whether realised or not, resulting from the 
daily measurement of foreign currency assets and liabilities at the mid-exchange rate quoted by the 
NBP as at the end of the reporting period. In addition, foreign exchange gains (losses) include the net 
realised and unrealised gain/loss, including the effects of changes in the measurement related to such 
derivatives as FX FORWARD, FX SWAP (including swap points), CIRS or FX options. 
This item does not include the interest portion of the net gain/loss on interest rate derivatives and 
swap points on FX derivatives classified in the banking book, which are recognised under interest 
income and expenses. 
Net gains (losses) on investments in financial assets 
Net gains (losses) on investments in financial assets comprises gains and losses arising from the sale 
or cancellation of shares and investment certificates of subordinated entities as well as dividend 
income. 
Net gains (losses) on derecognition 
Net gains (losses) on derecognition include gains and losses arising from the derecognition of 
financial assets, in particular following the recognition of a substantial modification of cash flows or 
their disposal. 
Other operating income and expenses 
Other operating income and expenses comprise income and expenses which are not directly related to 
banking operations.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
Other operating income includes mainly income from: positive fair value measurement of investment 
property, bad debt that has been recovered, received damages, penalties, fines, release of provisions 
for litigation and legal claims and other receivables as well as from the sale of property, plant and 
equipment and investment property. 
Other operating expenses include mainly: costs of donations, costs of debt collection, recognition of 
provisions for litigation and legal claims, legal risk, other amounts due, and the costs of fair-value 
measurement, cost of maintenance of investment property, and loss allowance. 
General administrative expenses 
The item includes costs relating to: employee benefits (including payroll, social insurance and 
training), material costs, depreciation and amortisation (of property, plant and equipment, intangible 
assets, right-of-use assets) along with taxes and charges. 
Net impairment losses and provisions 
The item includes increases and decreases related to allowances for expected credit losses, in 
particular: 
• 
assets measured at amortised cost (in particular loans and advances, purchased debt and 
fulfilled guarantees and sureties) and the related loan commitments, 
• 
financial guarantee contracts and financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income. 
Share of profit or loss of associates 
This item comprises the Group’s share in profits and losses of associates (in proportion to interest 
held), in which it invested. 
Group’s Results of Operations 
The following table sets forth Group’s consolidated results of operations for each of the periods 
indicated. 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Continuing operations 
 
 
 
Interest income ................................................................................
10,006 
1,461 
1,512 
Interest income calculated with the use of the effective interest 
rate method .....................................................  
9,208 
1,368 
1,386 
Income of similar nature to interest income on instruments at 
fair value through profit or loss ...................................................
798 
93 
126 
Interest expense ...............................................................................
(7,041) 
(428) 
(557) 
Net interest income ........................................................................
2,965 
1,033 
955 
Fee and commission income ............................................................
335 
311 
261 
Fee and commission expense ...........................................................
(18) 
(16) 
(13) 
Net fee and commission income ....................................................
317 
295 
248 
Net gains (losses) on financial instruments at fair value through 
profit or loss and foreign exchange gains (losses) ...........................
210 
169 
115 
Net gains (losses) on investments in financial assets .......................
55 
49 
(10) 
Net gains(losses) on derecognition of financial assets .....................
157 
19 
151 
Other operating income ...................................................................
15 
332 
139 
Other operating expenses .................................................................
(92) 
(72) 
(117) 
General administrative expenses .....................................................
(685) 
(652) 
(624) 
Net impairment losses and provisions .............................................
(301) 
(332) 
(385)

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Operating result .............................................................................
2,641 
841 
472 
Share of profit or loss of associates .................................................
32 
253 
(25) 
Profit before tax .............................................................................
2,673 
1,094 
447 
Income tax .......................................................................................
(511) 
(219) 
(80) 
Net profit ........................................................................................
2,162 
875 
367 
Net profit attributable to the owner of the parent entity ...........
2,162 
875 
367 
Net profit/loss attributable to non-controlling interests .............
- 
- 
(1) 
Source: 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements, 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements 
The Group’s operations are divided into the following reporting segments: 
• 
“Treasury and Asset-liability Management”, which comprises liquidity and financial risk 
management (including interbank deposits and placements, repo, buy-sell-back and sell-buy-
back transactions, money bills, treasury bonds, commercial bank bonds, nostro account and 
the account at the NBP, and derivatives), deposit and derivative services at the request of the 
Ministry of Finance as well as financing BGK’s operations in the medium and long term 
(loans obtained from financial institutions and issues of debt securities). This segment also 
includes gains/losses from internal fund transfer pricing settlements with the remaining 
segments. The internal fund transfers are based on transfer pricing rates determined by 
reference to market rates and the cost of liquidity, while inter-segment transactions are made 
on arm’s-length terms. 
• 
“Public Sector”, which comprises transactions with central and local government institutions, 
excluding those items which fall within the scope of the Treasury and Asset-liability 
Management segment and are related to deposits and derivatives for the Ministry of Finance. 
The main clients in this segment are local government units, central budget entities, and 
public health care institutions. The key products in this segment are loans, underwriting 
issuances of debt securities as well as current accounts and term deposits. 
• 
“Corporate”, which covers services and products for private companies and state-owned 
enterprises, municipal companies, private health care institutions, as well as entities 
supporting BGK’s export finance and construction support activities. The key products in this 
segment are corporate loans and project finance products (offered individually or as part of a 
consortium) in the form of loans and underwriting issuances of debt securities, sureties and 
guarantees as well as current accounts and term deposits. 
• 
“Other activities”, which comprises the Group’s investment activities, mainly in the form of 
acquired investment fund certificates, shares (mainly in subsidiaries) and their effect on the 
consolidated financial statements, other shares, and investment property. Additionally, this 
segment presents items related to and the performance of the funds and programmes 
administered by BGK as well as items that are not recognised in any other segment, such as 
transactions with financial sector entities other than banks, or services provided to 
individuals, which are being discontinued. 
The tables below show certain segment information for the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021, and 
2020. For a more detailed description of how the segment information has been prepared, see Note 3 
to the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Information on operating segments for the year ended 31 December 2022:

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
Information on operating 
segments for the year ended 
31 December 2022 
Continuing operations 
Treasury 
and asset-
liability 
management 
Public 
Sector 
Corporate 
Other 
activities 
Total 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Net interest income ........................ 
(131) 
1,350 
1,602 
144 
2,965 
Net external interest 
income/expense ............................. 
4,730 
(1,682) 
298 
(381) 
2,965 
Net internal interest 
income/expense ............................. 
(4,861) 
3,032 
1,304 
525 
- 
Net fee and commission 
income/expense ............................. 
(3) 
131 
189 
- 
317 
Net gain/loss on financial 
instruments at fair value through 
profit or loss, net gain/loss on 
investments in financial assets, 
and net gain/loss on 
derecognition of financial assets .... 
115 
205 
127 
(25) 
422 
Income from banking activities .. 
(19) 
1,686 
1,918 
119 
3,704 
Other operating income and 
expenses ......................................... 
- 
- 
3 
(80) 
(77) 
General administrative expenses ... 
(54) 
(319) 
(268) 
(44) 
(685) 
Net impairment losses and 
provisions ...................................... 
- 
(94) 
(178) 
(29) 
(301) 
Operating result ........................... 
(73) 
1,273 
1,475 
(34) 
2,641 
Share of profit or loss of 
associates ....................................... 
- 
- 
- 
32 
32 
Profit before tax ........................... 
(73) 
1,273 
1,475 
(2) 
2,673 
Income tax ..................................... 
 
 
 
 
(511) 
Net profit ...................................... 
 
 
 
 
2,162 
Source: 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements 
Information on operating segments for the year ended 31 December 2021: 
Information on operating 
segments for the year ended 
31 December 2021 
Continuing operations 
Treasury 
and asset-
liability 
management 
Public 
Sector 
Corporate 
Other 
activities 
Total 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Net interest income ........................ 
201 
236 
560 
36 
1,033 
Net external interest 
income/expense ............................. 
316 
121 
576 
20 
1,033 
Net internal interest 
income/expense ............................. 
(115) 
115 
(16) 
16 
- 
Net fee and commission 
income/expense ............................. 
(2) 
133 
169 
(5) 
295 
Net gain/loss on financial 
instruments at fair value through 
profit or loss, net gain/loss on 
investments in financial assets, 
and net gain/loss on 
derecognition of financial assets .... 
(71) 
67 
23 
218 
237 
Income from banking activities .. 
128 
436 
752 
249 
1,565 
Other operating income and 
expenses ......................................... 
- 
- 
- 
260 
260

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
Information on operating 
segments for the year ended 
31 December 2021 
Continuing operations 
Treasury 
and asset-
liability 
management 
Public 
Sector 
Corporate 
Other 
activities 
Total 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
General administrative expenses ... 
(42) 
(260) 
(207) 
(143) 
(652) 
Net impairment losses and 
provisions ...................................... 
- 
64 
(344) 
(52) 
(332) 
Operating result ........................... 
86 
240 
201 
314 
841 
Share of profit or loss of 
associates ....................................... 
- 
- 
- 
253 
253 
Profit before tax ........................... 
86 
240 
201 
567 
1,094 
Income tax ..................................... 
 
 
 
 
(219) 
Net profit ...................................... 
 
 
 
 
875 
Source: 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements 
Information on operating segments for the year ended 31 December 2020: 
Information on operating 
segments for the year ended 
31 December 2020 
Continuing operations 
Treasury 
and asset-
liability 
management 
Public 
Sector 
Corporate 
Other 
activities 
Total 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Net interest income ........................ 
256 
146 
507 
45 
955 
Net external interest 
income/expense ............................. 
246 
101 
589 
18 
955 
Net internal interest 
income/expense ............................. 
11 
45 
(82) 
26 
0 
Net fee and commission 
income/expense ............................. 
(1) 
88 
167 
(6) 
248 
Net gain/loss on financial 
instruments at fair value through 
profit or loss, net gain/loss on 
investments in financial assets, 
and net gain/loss on 
derecognition of financial assets .... 
197 
39 
(29) 
49 
257 
Income from banking activities .. 
452 
273 
646 
88 
1,459 
Other operating income and 
expenses ......................................... 
- 
(1) 
- 
22 
21 
General administrative expenses ... 
(38) 
(230) 
(219) 
(138) 
(624) 
Net impairment losses and 
provisions ...................................... 
2 
26 
(359) 
(53) 
(385) 
Operating result ........................... 
417 
67 
68 
(80) 
472 
Share of profit or loss of 
associates ....................................... 
- 
- 
- 
(25) 
(25) 
Profit before tax ........................... 
417 
67 
68 
(105) 
447 
Income tax ..................................... 
 
 
 
 
(80) 
Net profit ...................................... 
 
 
 
 
367 
Source: 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements 
The Group’s total operating result for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to PLN 2,641 
million and was PLN 1,800 million, or 214.0 per cent., higher compared to the year ended 31 
December 2021. The change was mainly attributable to increase of the operating result in public 
sector and corporate segments caused mainly by higher interest rate margins.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
The treasury and asset-liability management segment’s operating loss for the year ended 31 December 
2022 amounted to PLN 73 million as compared to an operating profit of PLN 86 million in the year 
ended 31 December 2021. The change was mainly attributable to change in the net interest income in 
this segment due to losses from internal fund transfer pricing settlements with the remaining 
segments. The increases in both external interest income and internal interest expense was a result of 
higher interest rates applicable to relevant transactions. 
The public sector segment’s operating result for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to PLN 
1,273 million and was PLN 1,033 million, i.e. 430.4 per cent., higher compared to the year ended 
31 December 2021. The change was mainly attributable to higher interest rate margins on products 
offered to the public sector. 
The corporate segment’s operating result for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to PLN 
1,475 million and was PLN 1,274 million, i.e. 633.8 per cent., higher compared to the year ended 31 
December 2021. The change was mainly attributable to higher interest margins on products offered to 
the corporate clients of BGK in the year ended 31 December 2022.  
Other activities segment’s operating loss for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to PLN 34 
million as compared to an operating profit of PLN 314 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
The change was mainly attributable to change in the net interest income in this segment due to higher 
net internal expenses related to higher interest rates used in the internal settlements. 
The Group’s total operating result for the year ended 31 December 2021 amounted to PLN 841 
million and was PLN 369 million, i.e. 78.2 per cent., higher compared to the year ended 31 December 
2020. The change was mainly attributable to increase of the operating result in public sector, 
corporate and other activities segments which were partially set off by decrease in the result of 
treasury and asset-liability management segment.  
The treasury and asset-liability management segment’s operating result for the year ended 
31 December 2021, amounted to PLN 86 million and was PLN 331 million, i.e. 79.4 per cent., lower 
compared to the year ended 31 December 2020. The change was mainly attributable to PLN 115 
million net internal interest expense for the year ended 31 December 2021 as compared to net internal 
interest income of PLN 11 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, and PLN 268 million 
decrease in net gain/loss on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss, net gain/loss on 
investments in financial assets, and net gain/loss on derecognition of financial assets. The interest 
income and expense were lower in 2021 than in 2022 due to lower average interest rates.  
The public sector segment’s operating result for the year ended 31 December 2021 amounted to PLN 
240 million and it was PLN 173 million, i.e. 258.2 per cent. higher as compared to the year ended 
31 December 2020. The change was mainly attributable to the increases in net internal interest income 
and net fee and commission income caused by higher interest rates. 
The corporate segment’s operating result for the year ended 31 December 2021 amounted to PLN 201 
million and it was PLN 133 million, i.e. 195.6 per cent. higher as compared to the year ended 31 
December 2020. The change was mainly attributable to higher net internal interest expense in the year 
ended 31 December 2021 caused by higher interest rates. 
The other activities segment’s operating result for the year ended 31 December 2021, amounted to 
PLN 314 million and was PLN 394 million higher compared to the year ended 31 December 2020. 
The change was mainly attributable to higher other operating income for the year ended 31 December 
2021 due to higher valuation of capital investment portfolio and disinvestment of the portfolio of 
housing funds.  
Year ended 31 December 2022, as compared to the year ended 31 December 2021 
The following table sets forth our results of operations for the year ended 31 December 2022, and 
2021.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
 
For the year ended 
31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Net interest income ..................................................................................................
2,965 
1,033 
Net fee and commission income ..............................................................................
317 
295 
Net gains (losses) on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss 
and foreign exchange gains (losses) ........................................................................
210 
169 
Net gains (losses) on investments in financial assets ...............................................
55 
49 
Net gains (losses) on derecognition of financial assets ............................................
157 
19 
Income from banking activities ............................................................................
3,704  
1,565 
Other operating income and expenses .....................................................................
(77) 
260 
General administrative expenses .............................................................................
(685) 
(652) 
Net impairment losses and provisions .....................................................................
(301) 
(332) 
Operating result .....................................................................................................
2,641 
841 
Share or profit or loss of associates 
32 
253 
Profit before tax .....................................................................................................
2,673 
1,094 
Income tax ...............................................................................................................
(511) 
(219) 
Net profit ................................................................................................................
2,162 
875 
Source: 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements 
The Group’s net profit for 2022 amounted to PLN 2,162 million and was PLN 1.287 million, i.e. 
147.1 per cent., higher as compared to 2021. The increase was driven mainly by higher net interest 
income due to increase of net interest margins in a high interest rate market environment, offset in 
part by the decrease in other operating income and expenses relating to lack of recognition of 
valuation of real estate to fair value in 2022 compared to 2021 and higher cost of donations made by 
BGK in 2022. 
Net interest income 
Net interest income for 2022 amounted to PLN 2,965 million, an increase of PLN 1,932 million, or 
187.0 per cent., from PLN 1,033 million for 2021. This increase was driven mainly by an increase in 
the interest rate charged on the products offered to the Group’s customers due to increase of net 
interest margins in a high interest rate market environment. 
Net fee and commission income 
Net fee and commission income for 2022 amounted to PLN 317 million, an increase of PLN 22 
million, or 7.5 per cent., from PLN 295 million for 2021. The increase was driven mainly by 
development of BGK activities in the normal course of business.  
Net gains (losses) on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss and foreign 
exchange gains (losses)  
In 2022, the Group’s net gains on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss and foreign 
exchange gains (losses) amounted to PLN 210 million, an increase of PLN 41 million, or 24.3 per 
cent., from gains of PLN 169.0 million in 2021. The increase was driven mainly by the re-valuation of 
the financial instruments held by BGK.  
Net gains (losses) on investments in financial assets 
In 2022, the Group’s net gains on investments in financial assets amounted to PLN 55 million, an 
increase of PLN 6 million, i.e. 12.2 per cent., from PLN 49 million for 2021. The increase was driven 
mainly by the higher amount of dividends received and the sale of the Group’s interest in affiliated 
entities.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
Net gains (losses) on derecognition of financial assets 
In 2022, the Group’s net gains on derecognition of financial assets amounted to PLN 157 million, an 
increase of PLN 138 million, or 726.3 per cent., from PLN 19 million in 2021. The increase was 
driven mainly by an increase in assets valued based on the amortized cost related to the settlement of 
modifications of contracts with customers, in particular, a reclassification to the POCI category of the 
agreement with one customer. 
Other operating income 
Other operating income for 2022 amounted to PLN 15 million, a decrease of PLN 317 million from 
PLN 332 million for 2021. The change was mainly driven by the lack of recognition of change in fair 
value measurement of investment property and the lack of revenue from renting the investment 
properties in 2022 as compared to 2021, due to disinvestment at the end of 2021 in subsidiaries 
holding mainly investment properties.  
Other operating expenses 
Other operating expenses for 2022 amounted to PLN 92 million, an increase of PLN 20 million from 
PLN 72 million for 2021. This change was mainly driven by the rise in donation expenses and the 
higher costs associated with recognizing provisions for litigation and legal claims. 
General administrative expenses 
General administrative expenses for 2022 amounted to PLN 685 million, an increase of PLN 33 
million, or 5.1 per cent., from PLN 652 million for 2021. The increase was driven mainly by the 
growing scale of BGK's operations and changes in the macroeconomic environment, including the 
return to increased business activity after the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2022, the IT System Upgrade 
Programme, which was launched in 2021, was also continued, the purpose of which is to modernize 
key systems in the IT architecture and reduce technological debt.  
Net impairment losses and provisions 
Net impairment losses and provisions for 2022 amounted to PLN 301 million, a decrease of PLN 31 
million, or 9.3 per cent., from PLN 332 million for 2021. The decrease was mainly driven by the 
change in reserves established for granted financing and guarantees which was partially set off by the 
increase of the impairment on loans granted to customers valued in the amortized cost.  
Share of profit or loss of associates 
Share of profit or loss of associates for 2022 amounted to PLN 32 million, a decrease of PLN 221 
million or 87.4 per cent., from a loss of PLN 253 million for 2021. The decrease was mainly driven by 
results from positive valuation of Fundusz Inwestycji Infrastrukturalnych Kapitałowy FIZ AN and 
associates controlled by Fundusz Ekspansji Zagranicznej in 2021.  
Year ended 31 December 2021, as compared to the year ended 31 December 2020 
The following table sets forth our results of operations for the year ended 31 December 2021, and 
2020. 
 
For the year ended 
31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Net interest income ..................................................................................................
1,033 
955 
Net fee and commission income ..............................................................................
295 
248 
Net gains (losses) on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss 
and foreign exchange gains (losses) ........................................................................
169 
115 
Net gains (losses) on investments in financial assets ...............................................
49 
(10)

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
Net gains (losses) on derecognition of financial assets ............................................
19 
151 
Income from banking activities ............................................................................
1,565 
1,459 
Other operating income and expenses .....................................................................
260 
21 
General administrative expenses .............................................................................
(652) 
(624) 
Net impairment losses and provisions .....................................................................
(332) 
(385) 
Operating result .....................................................................................................
841 
472 
Share or profit or loss of associates 
253 
(25) 
Profit before tax .....................................................................................................
1,094 
447 
Income tax ...............................................................................................................
(219) 
(80) 
Net profit ................................................................................................................
875 
367 
Source: 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements 
The Group’s net profit for 2021 amounted to PLN 875 million and it was PLN 508 million higher as 
compared to 2020. Improved performance was mainly attributable to the PLN 369 million increase in 
the Group’s operating result and the PLN 278 million increase in share of profit and loss of associates 
resulting from the sale of certificates in investment funds. 
Net interest income 
Net interest income for 2021 amounted to PLN 1,033 million, an increase of PLN 78 million, or 8.2 
per cent., from PLN 955 million for 2020. The increase was driven mainly by improved performance 
of BGK. 
Net fee and commission income 
Net fee and commission income for 2021 amounted to PLN 295 million, an increase of PLN 47 
million, or 19.0 per cent., from PLN 248 million for 2020. The increase was driven mainly by 
improved performance of BGK. 
Net gains (losses) on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss and foreign 
exchange gains (losses)  
In 2021, the Group’s net gains on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss and foreign 
exchange gains (losses) amounted to PLN 169 million, an increase of PLN 54 million, or 47 per cent., 
from PLN 115 million for 2020. The increase was driven mainly by the gains on financial instruments 
measured at fair value through profit or loss related to investments in Marguerite funds and the Polish 
Growth Fund of Funds.  
Net gains (losses) on investments in financial assets 
In 2021, the Group’s net gains on investments in financial assets amounted to PLN 49 million, an 
increase of PLN 59 million from a loss of PLN 10 million in 2020. The increase was driven mainly by 
dividends received.  
Net gains (losses) on derecognition of financial assets 
In 2021, the Group’s net gains on derecognition of financial assets amounted to PLN 19 million, a 
decrease of PLN 132 million, or 87.4 per cent., from PLN 151 million for 2020. The decrease was 
driven mainly by lower gains on sale of debt instruments recognized at fair value through other 
comprehensive income. 
Other operating income 
Other operating income for 2021 amounted to PLN 332 million, a decrease of PLN 193 million from 
PLN 139 million for 2020. The change was mainly driven by recognition of change in fair value 
measurement of investment property in 2021 as compared to 2020.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
Other operating expenses 
Other operating expenses for 2021 amounted to PLN 72 million, a decrease of PLN 45 million from 
PLN 117 million for 2020. The change was mainly driven by the decreased cost of donations. 
General administrative expenses 
General administrative expenses for 2021 amounted to PLN 652 million, an increase of PLN 28 
million, or 4.5 per cent., from PLN 624 million for 2020. The increase was mainly driven by the 
continuing investment in technical infrastructure from the Bank and higher lease payments in 
accordance with the recognition requirements of IFRS 16, due to the lease of temporary office space. 
Net impairment losses and provisions 
Net impairment losses and provisions for 2021 amounted to PLN 332 million, a decrease of PLN 53 
million, or 13.8 per cent., from PLN 385 million for 2020. The decrease was mainly driven by the 
recognition of an impairment loss on Fundusz Inwestycji Polskich Przedsiębiorstw FIZ AN in view of 
the long-term decline in the value of part of investments included in the Fund’s portfolio. 
Share of profit or loss of associates 
Share of profit or loss of associates for 2021 amounted to PLN 253 million, an increase of PLN 278 
million, from a loss PLN 25.0 million for 2020. The increase was mainly driven by positive valuation 
of certificates in Fundusz Inwestycji Infrastrukturalnych Kapitałowy FIZ AN and associates 
controlled by Fundusz Ekspansji Zagranicznej. 
Cash Flow 
The following table sets forth the Group’s consolidated cash flow data for each of the periods 
indicated. 
 
Year ended 
31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Net cash from operating activities ..........................................
(40,211) 
15,336 
11,281 
Net cash from investing activities ...........................................
546 
2,057 
(931) 
Net cash from financing activities ..........................................
(387) 
(1,535) 
(2,510) 
Net cash flows ...........................................................................
(40,052) 
15,858 
7,840 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period ...
52,829 
36,971 
29,131 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period ..............
12,777 
52,829 
36,971 
Source: 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements, 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements 
Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
Net cash outflow from operating activities for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to 
PLN 40,211 million, a change of PLN 55,547 million, as compared to cash inflow of PLN 15,336 
million for the year ended 31 December 2021. This change was mainly due to a PLN 61,355 million 
cash outflow because of change in the securities valued at amortized cost as compared 2021, which 
was mainly caused as a result of the purchase of money bills issued by the NBP to address current 
liquidity management needs. 
Net cash inflow from operating activities for the year ended 31 December 2021 amounted to 
PLN 15,336 million, a change of PLN 4,055 million as compared to cash inflow of PLN 11,281 
million for the year ended 31 December 2020. This change was mainly due to the PLN 17,134 million

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
change in securities in 2021 compared to the PLN 43,731 million change in 2020, which was mainly 
driven by the change in securities measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. 
Net Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
Net cash inflow from investing activities for the year ended 31 December 2022 was PLN 546 million 
as compared to net cash inflow of PLN 2,057 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. This 
change was mainly due to a PLN 1,201 million increase in inflows relating to the sale of shares in 
affiliates in 2022 and a lack of recognition of sale of shares of subsidiaries in 2022 compared to 2021.  
Net cash inflow from investing activities for the year ended 31 December 2021 was PLN 2,057 
million as compared to net cash outflow of PLN 931 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
This change was mainly due to a sale of shares in subsidiaries of PLN 2,244 million that was 
recognized in 2021.   
Net Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
Net cash outflow from financing activities for the year ended 31 December 2022 was PLN 387 
million as compared to net cash outflow of PLN 1.535 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
This change was mainly due to the redemption of issued debt securities in 2021.  
Net cash outflow from financing activities for the year ended 31 December 2021 was PLN 1.535 
million as compared to net cash outflow of PLN 2,510 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
This change was mainly due to higher value of redeemed debt securities in 2020 as compared to 2021. 
Group’s Statement of financial position 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Assets 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with the Central Bank .............................................
3,300 
48,342 
32,262 
Amounts due from banks ......................................................................
9,931 
5,088 
5,606 
Derivative financial instruments ...........................................................
1,587 
468 
997 
Hedging derivatives ..............................................................................
10 
- 
- 
Securities ..............................................................................................
137,259 
93,975 
76,902 
held for trading ..............................................................................
6 
9 
20 
not held for trading measured at fair value through profit or 
loss .................................................................................................
718 
753 
881 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income ........
48,660 
66,693 
55,769 
measured at amortised cost ............................................................
87,875 
26,520 
20,232 
Reverse repurchase agreements ............................................................
12,741 
10,003 
4,207 
Loans and advances to customers .........................................................
37,072 
33,263 
33,452 
measured at amortised cost ............................................................
36,975 
33,178 
33,349 
obligatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss ..............
97 
85 
102 
Investments in associates ......................................................................
4,327 
4,818 
4,379 
Intangible assets ....................................................................................
116 
80 
69 
Property, plant and equipment ..............................................................
119 
126 
130 
Right-of-use assets ................................................................................
86 
105 
105 
Investment property ..............................................................................
16 
19 
1,711 
Current tax receivables .........................................................................
- 
18 
1 
Deferred tax assets ................................................................................
373 
276 
325 
Other assets ...........................................................................................
84 
63 
179 
Total assets ..........................................................................................
207,021 
196,644 
160,326 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Amounts due to banks ..........................................................................
4,531 
3,576 
3,908 
Derivative financial instruments ...........................................................
1,359 
895 
1,325 
Liabilities to customers .........................................................................
153,816 
150,804 
116,138 
Repurchase agreements ........................................................................
6,574 
10,454 
5,818

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Debt securities issued ...........................................................................
3,934 
3,860 
4,859 
Lease liabilities .....................................................................................
88 
113 
113 
Other liabilities .....................................................................................
4,924 
1,461 
3,642 
Current tax liabilities ............................................................................
364 
- 
47 
Deferred tax liabilities ..........................................................................
- 
- 
31 
Provisions .............................................................................................
743 
759 
520 
Total liabilities ....................................................................................
176,333 
171,922 
136,402 
Equity 
 
 
 
Statutory capital ....................................................................................
26,879 
21,982 
21,692 
Supplementary capital ..........................................................................
1,608 
1,553 
1,570 
Revaluation reserve ..............................................................................
(400) 
52 
104 
Other capital reserves ...........................................................................
232 
232 
232 
Retained earnings (accumulated loss) ...................................................
207 
28 
(66) 
Net profit (loss) for the current year .....................................................
2,162 
875 
367 
Equity attributable to the owner of the parent entity ......................
30,688 
24,722 
23,900 
Non-controlling interests ....................................................................
- 
- 
24 
Total equity .........................................................................................
30,688 
24,722 
23,924 
Total liabilities and equity..................................................................
207,021 
196,644 
160,326 
Source: 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements, 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements 
Year ended 31 December 2022, as compared to the year ended 31 December 2021 
Assets 
Total assets increased by PLN 10,377 million, or 5.3 per cent., from PLN 196,644 million as of 
31 December 2021, to PLN 207.021 million as of 31 December 2022. The change in total assets was 
driven mostly by the increase of PLN 3,809 million in loans and advances to customers and an 
increase of PLN 4,843 million in the amounts due from banks. The decrease of cash and balances with 
the central bank of PLN 45,042 million was offset by a PLN 43,707 million increase in debt 
securities, which increased in particular due to PLN 39,898 million increase in the money bills issued 
by the NBP.  
As of 31 December 2022 the carrying value of securities (representing 66.3 per cent. of assets at 31 
December 2022) amounted to PLN 137,259 million and was PLN 43,284 million, i.e. 46.1 per cent. 
higher than as of 31 December 2021. The change was a result of an increase in the value of securities 
measured at the amortized cost which was partially offset by the decrease in the value of securities 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.  
As of 31 December 2022, the carrying value of loans and advances to customers (representing 18 per 
cent. of assets at 31 December 2022) amounted to PLN 37,072 million and was PLN 3,809 million, 
i.e. 11.5 per cent. higher than as of 31 December 2021. The change was a result of increase in loans 
and advances to customers in the non -financial sector.  
Liabilities 
Liabilities increased by PLN 4,411 million, or 2.6 per cent., from PLN 171,922 million as of 
31 December 2021, to PLN 176,333 million as of 31 December 2022. The increase was mainly driven 
by increase in the other liabilities due to settlements with other funds and programmes, including in 
particular settlements with the Aid Fund amounting to PLN 2,654 million.  
As of 31 December 2022, liabilities consisted primarily of the liabilities to customers (representing 
87.2 per cent. of liabilities at 31 December 2022), the carrying value of which amounted to PLN 
153,816 million, i.e. PLN 3,012 million higher than as of 31 December 2021. The change was a result 
of the development of BGK’s activities in the normal course of business.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
Liabilities under repurchase agreements decreased by PLN 3,880 million, or 37 per cent., from PLN 
10,454 million at 31 December 2021 to PLN 6,574 million at 31 December 2022, due to lower 
activity of BGK in the repo market.  
Year ended 31 December 2021, as compared to the year ended 31 December 2020 
Assets 
Total assets increased by PLN 36,318 million, or 22.7 per cent., from PLN 160,326 million as of 
31 December 2020, to PLN 196,644 million as of 31 December 2021. The increase was driven mainly 
by (i) PLN 16,080 million increase in the cash and balances with the central bank and (ii) PLN 17,073 
million increase in the value of securities held due to an increase in securities measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income. Moreover, a PLN 5,796 million increase in the receivables 
under reverse purchase agreements was related to the increased activity of BGK in the repo market as 
at 31 December 2021 compared to 31 December 2020. 
As of 31 December 2021 the carrying value of securities (representing 47.8 per cent. of assets at 31 
December 2021) amounted to PLN 93,975 million and was PLN 17,073 million, i.e. 22.2 per cent. 
higher than as of 31 December 2020. The change was mainly a result of an increase in the NBP 
money bills held by BGK.  
As of 31 December 2021, the carrying value of loans and advances to customers (representing 16.9 
per cent. of assets at 31 December 2021) amounted to PLN 33,263 million and was PLN 189 million, 
i.e. 0.6 per cent. lower than as of 31 December 2020.  
Liabilities 
Liabilities increased by PLN 35,520 million, or 26.0 per cent., from PLN 136,402 million as of 
31 December 2020, to PLN 171,921 million as of 31 December 2021. The increase was mainly driven 
by a PLN 34,666 million increase in liabilities to customers, which related mostly to increase in 
current accounts and overnight deposits of public sector entities. 
As of 31 December 2021 liabilities consisted primarily of the liabilities to customers (representing 
87.7 per cent. of liabilities at 31 December 2021), the carrying value of which amounted to PLN 
150,804 million, i.e. 29.8 per cent. higher than as of 31 December 2021. The change was a result of 
development of BGK’s activities.  
Capital Expenditures 
Capital expenditures for the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020 were PLN 67 million, 
PLN 40 million and PLN 111 million, respectively. 
Capital expenditures in 2022 and 2021 primarily related to information technology expenses. In 2020, 
the amount primarily corresponded to the nominal value of the lease contract for BGK’s temporary 
headquarters in Varso 2. 
Amounts due to banks 
BGK has received loans or funds from various financing institutions, including the European 
Investment Bank, Council of Europe Development Bank and KfW (Kreditanstalt für Wiederaufbau). 
The following table presents the breakdown of amounts due to banks as at the dates indicated: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Amounts due to banks 
 
 
 
Current accounts  ......................................................................................
59 
259 
69 
Deposits in banks .....................................................................................
458 
313 
515

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Loans and advances received, including 
2,734 
2,807 
3,264 
European Investment Bank ........................................................
2,066 
2,346 
2,691 
Council of Europe Development Bank .......................................
417 
264 
310 
KfW ............................................................................................
251 
197 
264 
Liabilities under cash collateral 
1,278 
195 
57 
Other.........................................................................................................
2 
2 
3 
Total ........................................................................................................
4,531 
3,576 
3,908 
Source: BGK, Consolidated Financial Statements 
Debt securities issued 
The table below gives primary information on the outstanding debt securities issued by the BGK for 
its own purposes as at the date of the Offering Circular: 
Issuer 
Status 
Currency 
Principal amount  
(PLN million) 
Interest 
rate 
Issue  
Date 
Maturity 
Date 
Listing 
BGK 
Senior 
PLN 
1,850 
WIBOR6M 
+ 0.40 per 
cent. 
28 October 
2019 
28 October 
2023 
Warsaw 
Stock 
Exchange 
Source:  BGK 
Cash flow funds liabilities 
BGK carries out government tasks on the basis of acts and agreements with ministries, including 
through cash flow funds established by, entrusted with or transferred to BGK, for which, by virtue of 
law, BGK keeps separate accounting books and prepares separate financial statements.  
Cash flow funds deal with the management of cash flows used to finance specific budget tasks. The 
assets and liabilities of cash flow funds are not disclosed in BGK’s financial statements because under 
the Polish Accounting Act and IFRS they cannot be treated as BGK’s assets and liabilities. Therefore, 
liabilities incurred for the purposes of cash flow funds, including Guaranteed Notes issued for the 
purposes of cash flow funds are not disclosed in BGK’s balance sheet.  
Payments of principal and interest on the Notes issued for the purposes of cash flow funds are 
serviced solely from the statutory proceeds of the relevant cash flow funds. If a cash shortfall is 
projected, BGK is required to inform the relevant ministers and has the right to suspend other 
expenditures of the relevant cash flow fund. Moreover, in certain circumstances, in the event there is a 
shortfall in the fund and upon  agreement between BGK and the relevant ministry, such fund’s 
expenditures may be temporarily bridge financed from BGK’s own funds. Notwithstanding the above, 
BGK is a primary obligor under the Notes. 
Additionally, with respect to certain funds, including the COVID-19 Response Fund and Aid Fund, 
the applicable regulations explicitly provide that the minister competent for public finance is obliged 
to provide the fund with amounts required to timely service the bonds issued under the particular 
fund. 
Therefore, investors in the Notes issued for the purposes of cash flow funds should also be aware that 
the Notes will be serviced primarily out of funds received from the cash flow funds, and the ability of 
the Issuer to provide debt service on the Notes issued for the purposes of cash flow funds is also 
dependent on the financial condition of the relevant cash flow funds. 
Detailed information on the financial position and profit and loss of cash-flow funds for each financial 
year, which has not been reviewed or audited by an independent auditor, is available in the statements 
of funds established under separate legislation, which is included in the 2022 Standalone Financial

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
Statements, 2021 Standalone Financial Statements and 2020 Standalone Financial Statements 
incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular. 
For a further description of the accounting treatment of cash flow funds see Note 2.5.1 Presentation of 
the Statement of Financial Position and the Statement of Profit or Loss of the Parent Entity to 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements.  
Off-balance sheet liabilities granted and received 
The table below presents the Group’s off-balance sheet liabilities granted as of the dates indicated: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Financial liabilities granted 
 
 
 
Credit lines and limits .............................................................................
77,314 
55,048 
51,896 
- 
to financial institutions ......................................................................
5,028 
1,015 
806 
- 
to non-financial institutions ...............................................................
22,468 
14,948 
11,522 
- 
to public sector entities ......................................................................
49,818 
39,085 
39,568 
Other liabilities ........................................................................................
389 
246 
829 
Certificates, future contribution commitment ......................................
3,160 
2,463 
3,015 
Total ..........................................................................................................
80,863 
57,757 
55,741 
Source: Consolidated Financial Statements 
As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, Fundusz Ekspansji Zagranicznej FIZ AN – and as at 
31 December 2020 Fundusz Ekspansji Zagranicznej AN, Fundusz Sektora Mieszkań dla Rozwoju FIZ 
AN and Fundusz Sektora Mieszkań na Wynajem Fundusz Inwestycyjny FIZ AN – did not carry any 
contingent liabilities under executed investment agreements.  
In June 2022, some of the investment certificates in PFR Fundusz Inwestycyjny FIZ AN held by BGK 
were redeemed. The historical purchase price of such certificates amounted to PLN 1,288 million, 
while the redemption price based on fair value amounted to PLN 1,200 million. Moreover, at the time 
of redemption, off-balance sheet liability of BGK was created concerning the payment of PLN 1,200 
million to PFR Fundusz Inwestycyjny FIZ AN by the end of the investment period, i.e. 2025. 
The table below presents the Group’s guarantee liabilities granted as of the dates indicated: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Guarantee liabilities granted 
 
 
 
Guarantees and sureties ..........................................................................
27,936 
18,187 
18,040 
- 
to financial institutions ......................................................................
8,038 
2,020 
1,346 
- 
to non-financial institutions ...............................................................
19,490 
15,851 
16,434 
- 
to public sector entities ......................................................................
408 
316 
261 
Letters of credit granted .........................................................................
2 
46 
17 
- 
to financial institutions ......................................................................
2 
46 
17 
Total ..........................................................................................................
27,938 
18,233 
18,058 
Source: Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Off-balance-sheet liabilities received 
 
 
 
Financial ....................................................................................................
13,037 
13,359 
11,236 
Guarantee ...................................................................................................
27,256 
9,761 
9,387

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Total ..........................................................................................................
40,293 
23,120 
20,623 
Source: Consolidated Financial Statements 
Critical accounting policies 
The preparation of the Issuer’s financial statements in compliance with IFRS requires its Management 
Board to exercise professional judgment and make estimates and assumptions that impact the adopted 
accounting principles and the value of assets, liabilities, revenues and costs presented. All estimates 
and related assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors considered 
reasonable under the given circumstances. Actual results may therefore differ from these estimates 
under different assumptions or conditions. 
The estimates and related assumptions are subject to regular verification. Changes in accounting 
estimates are recognized in the period in which they are made, if such changes apply solely to that 
period, or in the current period and future periods, if such changes apply both to the current and future 
periods. 
The Group’s significant accounting principles are set out in Note 2 Accounting Policies to the 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements incorporated by reference elsewhere in this Offering Circular.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
SELECTED STATISTICAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Except as specifically noted herein, the information presented in this section is derived from the 
Consolidated Financial Statements (and the notes thereto). This section should be read in conjunction 
with the Consolidated Financial Statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, as 
well as with “Operating and Financial Review”. 
Some of the information included in this section of the Prospectus is not extracted from the Bank’s 
audited financial statements and is unaudited. Such information is derived from the Bank’s internal 
accounting and management information systems. 
Interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities 
 In 2022, BGK’s net interest income totalled PLN 2,957 million and grew by PLN 1,935 million, i.e. 
189.3 per cent. as compared to the previous year. The increase in net interest income was primarily 
attributable to a significant rise in the interest rate charged on assets.  
In 2022, the average level of BGK’s interest-earning assets, including in particular loans and debt 
securities, was PLN 184 billion, having decreased by PLN 1 billion, or 0.5 per cent., year on year. The 
largest group of interest-earning assets was the debt portfolio, which averaged PLN 106.2 billion in 
2022, a decrease by PLN 15.7 billion compared to the previous year. In 2022, average interest rate on 
the debt securities portfolio amounted to 5.11 per cent., as compared to 0.4 per cent. in 2021. In 2022, 
the average level of the loans and advances portfolio was PLN 47.8 billion, having grown by PLN 2.2 
billion compared to 2021. In 2022, the average interest rate on BGK’s portfolio of loans and advances 
to customers was 5.5 per cent., compared with 1.79 per cent. for 2021.  
In 2022, the average balance of BGK’s interest-bearing liabilities was PLN 159.3 billion, down by 
PLN 5.8 billion, i.e. 3.5 per cent. in relation to the previous year. 
Customer deposits represented the largest item of BGK’s interest-bearing liabilities. In 2022,  BGK’s 
average balance of customer deposits was PLN 148 billion, down by PLN 6 billion, i.e. 3.7 per cent. 
as compared to the previous year. In 2022, the average cost of deposits was 4.39 per cent. as 
compared to 0.23 per cent. in 2021. Other interest bearing liabilities included own bonds issued and 
interbank loans.  
In 2021, BGK’s net interest income totalled PLN 1,022 million and grew by PLN 74 million, i.e. 7.8 
per cent. as compared to the previous year. The increase in net interest income was primarily 
attributable to a significant rise in interest-earning assets.  
In 2021, the average level of BGK’s interest-earning assets was PLN 184.7 billion, having increased 
by PLN 42.2 billion, or 29.6 per cent., year on year. 
In 2021, the average interest rate on BGK’s portfolio of loans and advances to customers was 1.90 per 
cent., compared with 2.27 per cent. for 2020.  
In 2021, the average balance of BGK’s interest-bearing liabilities was PLN 165.1 billion, up by PLN 
42.7 billion, i.e. 34.9 per cent. in relation to the previous year. 
Customer deposits represented the largest item of BGK’s interest-bearing liabilities. In 2021,  BGK’s 
average balance of customer deposits was PLN 154.2 billion, up by PLN 42.8 billion, i.e. 38.4 per 
cent. as compared to the previous year. In 2021, the average cost of deposits was 0.23 per cent. as 
compared to 0.38 per cent. in 2021. 
The table below presents the average interest rate on BGK’s portfolio of loans and advances to 
customers and the average cost of deposits:

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
Item 
Year ended 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
 
(unaudited) 
Average level of interest-earning assets (in 
PLN billion) .....................................................
184.1 
184.7 
142.5 
Average interest on loans and advances to 
customers .........................................................
5.5% 
1.79% 
2.27% 
Average level of interest-bearing liabilities 
(in PLN billion) ...............................................
159.3 
165.1 
122.4 
Average interest on deposits ............................
4.39% 
0.23% 
0.38% 
Source: BGK. All data based on BGK’s monthly standalone financial information. 
Capital adequacy 
A detailed description of BGK’s capital ratios is included in Note 50 (Capital adequacy) to the 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Under Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) 
No. 648/2012, BGK has to satisfy the following own-fund requirements: 
• 
a Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 per cent.; 
• 
a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6 per cent.; and 
• 
a total capital ratio of 8 per cent. 
The table below presents selected data concerning the capital ratios of BGK, including cash flow 
funds as at the dates indicated below: 
Item 
as at 31 December 
2022 
as at 31 December 
20211 
as at 31 December 
20202 
 
(audited) 
CET1 capital ratio ..............................................
28.91% 
29.39% 
33.86% 
T1 capital ratio ...................................................
28.91% 
29.39% 
33.86% 
Total capital ratio ...............................................
28.91% 
29.39% 
33.86% 
Internal capital ratio ...........................................
37.97% 
38.37% 
29.98% 
Own funds (PLN million) ..................................
27,997 
24,381 
23,778 
Tier 1 capital (PLN million) ..............................
27,997 
24,381 
23,778 
CET 1 (PLN million) .........................................
27,997 
24,381 
23,778 
AT 1 (PLN million) ...........................................
- 
- 
- 
Tier 2 capital (PLN million) ..............................
- 
- 
- 
Total capital requirement (PLN million) ...........
7,747 
6,636 
5,618 
Internal capital (PLN million) ...........................
10,630 
9,355 
7,128 
Leverage ratio ....................................................
4.98% 
5.27% 
6.72% 
Source: Consolidated Financial Statements 
1 Information as at 31 December 2021 based on the restated values included in 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
2 Information as at 31 December 2020 based on the restated values included in 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
The table below presents selected data concerning the capital ratios of BGK, excluding cash flow 
funds as at the dates indicated below: 
Item 
as at 31 December 
2022 
as at 31 December 
20211 
as at 31 December 
20202 
 
(audited) 
CET1 capital ratio ..............................................
29.07% 
29.52% 
33.88% 
T1 capital ratio ...................................................
29.07% 
29.52% 
33.88% 
Total capital ratio ...............................................
29.07% 
29.52% 
33.88% 
Internal capital ratio ...........................................
35.62% 
36.37% 
29.96% 
Own funds (PLN million) ..................................
27,997 
24,381 
23,778 
Tier 1 capital (PLN million) ..............................
27,997 
24,381 
23,778

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
Item 
as at 31 December 
2022 
as at 31 December 
20211 
as at 31 December 
20202 
 
(audited) 
CET 1 (PLN million) .........................................
27,997 
24,381 
23,778 
AT 1 (PLN million) ...........................................
- 
- 
- 
Tier 2 capital (PLN million) ..............................
- 
- 
- 
Total capital requirement (PLN million) ...........
7,704 
6,607 
5,615 
Internal capital (PLN million) ...........................
9,973 
8,868 
7,125 
Leverage ratio ....................................................
10.51% 
11.13% 
12.90% 
Source: Consolidated Financial Statements 
1 Information as at 31 December 2021 based on the restated values included in 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
2 Information as at 31 December 2020 based on the restated values included in 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Loan portfolio 
The key ratios concerning the quality of BGK’s loans for the years ended 31 December 2022, 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020 are included in the table below: 
Item 
Year ended 31 December  
2022 
2021 
2020 
(unaudited) 
(PLN million) 
Allowances for loan losses in total loan portfolio ...
4.4% 
4.0% 
3.9% 
Non-accrual loans (non-payment exceeding 90 
days) in total loan portfolio......................................
1.8% 
1.3% 
1.5% 
Allowances for loan losses on non-accrual loans ....
26.4% 
27.8% 
31.9% 
Average allowance on average loan (PLN)1 ............
200,937 
158,155 
181,100 
Source: BGK 
1 Value of write-downs divided by the number of exposures included in gross “Loans and advances to customers”.  
The table below shows the quality of the Group’s credit portfolio measured at amortised cost as at 31 
December 2022. 
Loans and advances to customers at 
amortised cost 
31 December 2022 
Gross loans 
Impairment 
allowances 
Net loans 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Loans and advances to customers, 
including: ..............................................
38,697 
1,722 
36,975 
financial sector .....................................
3,107 
35 
3,072 
loans and advances ................................
3,093 
35 
3,058 
guarantees and sureties ..........................
1 
- 
1 
other receivables ....................................
13 
- 
13 
non-financial sector .............................
26,814 
1,612 
25,202 
loans and advances ................................
25,887 
1,210 
24,677 
purchased debt .......................................
267 
4 
263 
guarantees and sureties ..........................
660 
398 
262 
public sector .........................................
8,776 
75 
8,701 
loans and advances ................................
8,681 
73 
8,608 
purchased debt .......................................
95 
2 
93 
Source: 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements 
The table below shows the quality of the Group’s credit portfolio measured at amortised cost as at 31 
December 2021.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers 
at amortised cost 
31 December 2021 
Gross loans 
Impairment 
allowances 
Net loans 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Loans 
and 
advances 
to 
customers, including: ......................
34,575 
1,397 
33,178 
financial sector ................................
2,237 
23 
2,214 
loans and advances ...........................
2,223 
23 
2,200 
guarantees and sureties .....................
1 
- 
1 
other receivables ...............................
13 
- 
13 
non-financial sector ........................
23,119 
1,266 
21,853 
loans and advances ...........................
22,376 
987 
21,389 
purchased debt ..................................
245 
1 
244 
guarantees and sureties .....................
498 
278 
220 
public sector ....................................
9,219 
108 
9,111 
loans and advances ...........................
9,100 
104 
8,996 
purchased debt ..................................
119 
4 
115 
Source: 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements 
The table below shows the quality of the Group’s credit portfolio measured at amortised cost as at 31 
December 2020. 
Loans and advances to customers 
at amortised cost 
31 December 2020 
Gross loans 
Impairment 
allowances 
Net loans 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Loans 
and 
advances 
to 
customers, including: ......................
34,704 
1,354 
33,349 
financial sector ................................
1,712 
18 
1,694 
loans and advances ...........................
1,543 
18 
1,526 
guarantees and sureties .....................
- 
- 
- 
other receivables ...............................
168 
- 
168 
non-financial sector ........................
23,682 
1,203 
22,480 
loans and advances ...........................
23,110 
1,009 
22,100 
purchased debt ..................................
258 
- 
258 
guarantees and sureties .....................
315 
193 
121 
other receivables ...............................
- 
- 
- 
public sector ....................................
9,310 
134 
9,176 
loans and advances ...........................
9,173 
131 
9,042 
purchased debt ..................................
133 
3 
130 
other receivables ...............................
4 
- 
4 
Source: 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 
The table below presents the change in the gross carrying amount and impairment allowances on 
loans and advances to customers at amortised cost as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
Loans and advances 
to customers at 
amortised cost 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 (NPL) 
POCI 
(NPL) 
Total 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
as 
at 
31 
December 2021 ..............
27,716 
4,012 
2,819 
28 
34,575 
Transfer to Stage 1 ..........
949 
(812) 
(137) 
- 
- 
Transfer to Stage 2 ..........
(2,726) 
2,726 
- 
- 
- 
Transfer to Stage 3 ..........
(260) 
(745) 
978 
27 
- 
New/purchased/granted 
financial assets ................
22,343 
1,141 
610 
444 
24,538 
Derecognition 
of 
financial assets ................
(5,474) 
(713) 
(181) 
- 
(6,368) 
Financial assets that 
have been written off 
in the statement of 
financial position ............
- 
- 
(15) 
- 
(15) 
Other 
changes 
(including 
partial 
repayments 
and 
disbursements 
of 
further tranches) ..............
(12,678) 
(937) 
(396) 
(22) 
(14,033) 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
as 
at 
31 December 2022 .........
29,870 
4,672 
3,678 
477 
38,697 
Impairment 
allowance 
 
 
 
 
 
Impairment 
allowances 
as 
at 
December 31, 2021 ........
257 
116 
1,023 
1 
1,397 
Transfer to Stage 1 ..........
51 
(17) 
(34) 
- 
- 
Transfer to Stage 2 ..........
(31) 
31 
- 
- 
- 
Transfer to Stage 3 ..........
(4) 
(14) 
18 
- 
- 
New/purchased/granted 
financial assets ................
90 
- 
44 
- 
134 
Derecognition 
of 
financial assets ................
(18) 
(116) 
(63) 
- 
(197) 
Financial assets that 
have been written off 
in the statement of 
financial position ............
- 
- 
(13) 
- 
(13) 
Changes in credit risk 
level 
(excluding 
transfers 
between 
stages) .............................
(83) 
155 
326 
(8) 
390 
Other changes (foreign 
exchange 
gains 
(losses)) ..........................
4 
1 
6 
- 
11 
Impairment 
allowances 
as 
at 
31 December 2022 .........
266 
156 
1,307 
(7) 
1,722 
Source: 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
The table below presents the change in the gross carrying amount and impairment allowances on 
loans and advances to customers at amortised cost as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
Loans and advances to 
customers at amortised cost 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
(NPL) 
POCI 
(NPL) 
Total 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Gross carrying amount as at 31 
December 2020 .............................  
28,496 
3,827 
2,353 
28 
34,703 
Transfer to Stage 1 .........................  
727 
(702) 
(25) 
- 
- 
Transfer to Stage 2 .........................  
(2,051) 
2,052 
(1) 
- 
- 
Transfer to Stage 3 .........................  
(73) 
(566) 
639 
- 
- 
New/purchased/granted 
financial 
assets ..............................................  
11,901 
734 
380 
7 
13,022 
Derecognition of financial assets ...  
(2,605) 
(280) 
(194) 
(7) 
(3,086) 
Financial assets that have been 
written off in the statement of 
financial position ...........................  
- 
- 
(25) 
- 
(25) 
Other changes (including partial 
repayments and disbursements of 
further tranches) .............................  
(8,678) 
(1,053) 
(308) 
- 
(10,039) 
Gross carrying amount as at 
31 December 2021 ........................  
27,716 
4,012 
2,819 
28 
34,575 
Impairment allowance 
 
 
 
 
 
Impairment allowances as at 
December 31, 2020 .......................  
202 
145 
1,007 
1 
1,355 
Transfer to Stage 1 .........................  
14 
(11) 
(3) 
- 
- 
Transfer to Stage 2 .........................  
(16) 
16 
- 
- 
- 
Transfer to Stage 3 .........................  
(2) 
(21) 
23 
- 
- 
New/purchased/granted 
financial 
assets ..............................................  
10 
0 
63 
- 
73 
Derecognition of financial assets ...  
(8) 
(4) 
(26) 
- 
(38) 
Financial assets that have been 
written off in the statement of 
financial position ...........................  
- 
- 
(81) 
- 
(81) 
Changes 
in 
credit 
risk 
level 
(excluding 
transfers 
between 
stages) ............................................  
51 
(9) 
35 
- 
77 
Other changes (foreign exchange 
gains (losses)) ................................  
6 
- 
5 
- 
11 
Impairment allowances as at 
31 December 2021 ........................  
257 
116 
1,023 
1 
1,397 
Source: 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements 
Liquidity gap and sources of funding 
Liquidity gap 
The Group’s market-based liquidity gap is presented below. In particular, the following are adjusted 
to their market values: deposit values (on the basis of estimated core deposits), liquid securities 
(presented in recovery values achievable in specific time periods), and financial and guarantee off-
balance-sheet liabilities granted (in the scope of estimated amounts and deadlines). 
The Group’s 
market-based 
liquidity gap 
up to 
1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 
1 year 
1-5 years 
more than 5 
years 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
As at 31 December 
2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gap ................................
46,714 
(11,013) 
(4,212) 
(7,283) 
(24,819) 
(27,823) 
Aggregate gap ...............
46,714 
35,701 
31,489 
24,206 
(613) 
(28,436)

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
The Group’s 
market-based 
liquidity gap 
up to 
1 month 
1-3 months 
3-6 months 
6 months – 
1 year 
1-5 years 
more than 5 
years 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
As at 31 December 
2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gap ................................
54,078 
(10,014) 
(4,440) 
(2,898) 
(33,167) 
(20,563) 
Aggregate gap ...............
54,078 
44,064 
39,624 
36,726 
3,559 
(17,004) 
As at 31 December 
2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gap ................................
44,355 
(5,485) 
(1,567) 
(237) 
(46,264) 
(4,445) 
Aggregate gap ...............
44,355 
38,870 
37,303 
37,066 
(9,199) 
(13,644) 
Source: Consolidated Financial Statements 
Sources of funding 
The Group has diversified sources of funding, including deposits from customers, funds from issues 
of own bonds, and loans granted by international financial institutions. 
The liability structure by contractual maturity is presented below. The amounts include cash flows 
from the principal amount and interest (if applicable) for the entire financing period. For off-balance-
sheet liabilities, exposures are presented by contractual maturity. 
Liabilities of the Group  
as at 31 December 2022 
up to 
1 month 
1-3 
months 
3-6 
months 
6 months 
– 1 year 
1-5 
years 
more than 
5 years 
Total 
(audited) 
(PLN million) 
Balance sheet liabilities 
Amounts due to banks.....................
3,741 
136 
164 
295 
1,460 
2,258 
8,054 
Liabilities to customers ...................
151,010 
5,238 
1,880 
380 
32 
- 
158,540 
Own issues ......................................
- 
2,078 
74 
1,922 
- 
- 
4,074 
Lease liabilities ...............................
2 
2 
9 
16 
51 
8 
88 
Total ...............................................
154,753 
7,454 
2,127 
2,613 
1,543 
2,266 
170,756 
Off-balance-sheet liabilities granted 
Financing commitments ..................
66,874 
94 
888 
559 
7,560 
4,888 
80,863 
Guarantee liabilities ........................
3,435 
2,025 
3,098 
6,344 
10,263 
2,773 
27,938 
Total ...............................................
70,309 
2,119 
3,986 
6,903 
17,823 
7,661 
108,801 
Source: 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements 
Liabilities of the Group  
as at 31 December 2021 
up to 
1 month 
1-3 
months 
3-6 
months 
6 months 
– 1 year 
1-5 
years 
more than 
5 years 
Total 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Balance sheet liabilities 
Amounts due to banks.....................
4,475 
129 
178 
286 
1,295 
1,456 
7,819 
Liabilities to customers ...................
137,714 
10,870 
1,875 
639 
20 
- 
151,118 
Own issues ......................................
- 
7 
12 
84 
3,976 
- 
4,079 
Lease liabilities ...............................
6 
0 
0 
1 
86 
20 
113 
Total ...............................................
142,195 
11,006 
2,065 
1,010 
5,377 
1,476 
163,129 
Off-balance-sheet liabilities granted 
Financing commitments ..................
46,411 
101 
206 
547 
7,123 
3,436 
57,824 
Guarantee liabilities ........................
5,573 
1,416 
601 
3,706 
5,967 
970 
18,233 
Total ...............................................
51,984 
1,517 
807 
4,253 
13,090 
4,406 
76,057 
Source: 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
Liabilities of the Group  
as at 31 December 2020 
up to 
1 month 
1-3 
months 
3-6 
months 
6 months 
– 1 year 
1-5 
years 
more than 
5 years 
Total 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Balance sheet liabilities 
Amounts due to banks.....................
4,074 
234 
141 
249 
1,463 
1,473 
7,633 
Liabilities to customers ...................
101,541 
12,037 
4,331 
555 
16 
- 
118,480 
Own issues ......................................
501 
7 
8 
514 
3,901 
- 
4,931 
Lease liabilities ...............................
- 
5 
5 
14 
81 
9 
113 
Total ...............................................
106,116 
12,284 
4,484 
1,331 
5,460 
1,482 
131,157 
Off-balance-sheet liabilities granted 
Financing commitments ..................
45,409 
556 
210 
1,102 
3,449 
5,113 
55,839 
Guarantee liabilities ........................
5,621 
1,221 
1,953 
3,581 
5,057 
625 
18,058 
Total ...............................................
51,030 
1,777 
2,163 
4,683 
8,507 
5,738 
73,897 
Source: 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements 
Exposures 
The table below presents the Group’s exposure to the 20 largest non-bank customers: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(audited) 
No. 
Exposure* 
(in PLN million) 
Share in the 
loan portfolio 
Exposure* 
(in PLN million) 
Share in the 
loan portfolio 
Exposure* 
(in PLN million) 
Share in the 
loan portfolio 
1. 
9,810 
19.6% 
5,099 
11.2% 
3,638 
8.0% 
2. 
8,291 
16.5% 
3,709 
8.2% 
3,592 
7.9% 
3. 
3,514 
7% 
3,259 
7.2% 
2,957 
6.5% 
4. 
3,081 
6.1% 
2,842 
6.3% 
2,862 
6.3% 
5. 
3,001 
6% 
2,562 
5.7% 
2,369 
5.2% 
6. 
2,842 
5.7% 
2,371 
5.2% 
2,258 
5.0% 
7. 
2,485 
5% 
1,770 
3.9% 
1,683 
3.7% 
8. 
2,383 
4.8% 
1,410 
3.1% 
1,567 
3.4% 
9. 
1,530 
3.1% 
1,097 
2.4% 
1,321 
2.9% 
10. 
1,321 
2.6% 
1,079 
2.4% 
1,104 
2.4% 
11. 
1,081 
2.2% 
1,051 
2.3% 
1,050 
2.3% 
12. 
1,050 
2.1% 
1,021 
2.3% 
1,004 
2.2% 
13. 
1,000 
2% 
900 
2.0% 
987 
2.2% 
14. 
953 
1.9% 
821 
1.8% 
753 
1.7% 
15. 
946 
1.9% 
747 
1.6% 
635 
1.4% 
16. 
869 
1.7% 
740 
1.6% 
563 
1.2% 
17. 
790 
1.6% 
551 
1.2% 
548 
1.2% 
18. 
789 
1.6% 
544 
1.2% 
531 
1.2% 
19. 
750 
1.5% 
525 
1.2% 
500 
1.1% 
20. 
745 
1.5% 
500 
1.1% 
475 
1% 
Total 
47,231 
94,4% 
32,598 
71.9% 
30,398 
66.8% 
Source: Consolidated Financial Statements 
* Includes balance-sheet and off-balance-sheet credit exposure: loans, advances, purchased debts, promissory note discount, guarantees, 
debt securities, and derivative transaction limits. The amount of exposure is calculated for the purposes of external limits (large exposure 
concentration limits) without deductions. The data does not cover the exposure to the central government. 
The table below present the Group’s exposure to five largest non-bank groups:

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(audited) 
No. 
Exposure* 
(in PLN million) 
Share in the 
loan portfolio 
Exposure* 
(in PLN million) 
Share in the 
loan portfolio 
Exposure* 
(in PLN million) 
Share in the 
loan portfolio 
1. 
11,925 
23,8% 
6,437 
14.2% 
4,624 
10.2% 
2. 
8,291 
16,5% 
5,404 
11.9% 
4,323 
9.5% 
3. 
6,082 
12,1% 
4,258 
9.4% 
3,963 
8.7% 
4. 
4,605 
9,2% 
3,795 
8.4% 
3,615 
8.0% 
5. 
3,993 
8% 
3,259 
7.2% 
3,592 
7.9% 
Total 
34,896 
69,6% 
23,153 
51.1% 
20,117 
44.3% 
Source: Consolidated Financial Statements 
* Includes balance-sheet and off-balance-sheet credit exposure: loans, advances, purchased debts, promissory note discount, guarantees, 
debt securities, and derivative transaction limits. The amount of exposure is calculated for the purposes of external limits (concentration 
limits) without deductions. The data does not cover the exposure to the central government. 
The table below presents the Group’s exposure to specific economy sectors: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
20211 
2020 
 
Amount of 
exposure* 
Total share 
in exposure 
Amount of 
exposure* 
Total share 
in exposure 
Amount of 
exposure* 
Total share 
in exposure 
 
(audited) 
Industry 
(PLN million) 
Public administration and defence, 
compulsory social security .................
11,089 
22.1% 
11,233 
24.8% 
11,471 
25.2% 
Mining and quarrying ........................
2,955 
5.9% 
2,429 
5.4% 
2,235 
4.9% 
Production 
and 
supply 
of 
electricity, gas and steam ...................
4,669 
9.3% 
5,825 
12.8% 
4,939 
10.9% 
Construction .......................................
2,784 
5.6% 
4,823 
10.6% 
5,071 
11.2% 
Transport, storage ..............................
4,625 
9.2% 
3,965 
8.7% 
3,638 
8.0% 
Manufacturing ...................................
4,057 
8.1% 
2,960 
6.5% 
3,285 
7.2% 
Professional, 
scientific 
and 
technical activities .............................
2,373 
4.7% 
2,152 
4.7% 
2,337 
5.1% 
Property 
management 
and 
administration ....................................
5,195 
10.4% 
2,106 
4.6% 
1,724 
3.8% 
Financial and insurance activities ......
3,530 
7.0% 
2,072 
4.6% 
2,248 
4.9% 
Human health services and social 
work activities ....................................
2,029 
4.0% 
1,940 
4.3% 
1,565 
3.4% 
Other ..................................................
6,847 
13.7% 
5,829 
13.0% 
6,958 
15.4% 
Total ............................................
50,153 
100% 
45,334 
100% 
45,470 
100% 
Source: Consolidated Financial Statements 
1 Information as at 31 December 2021 based on the restated values included in 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
* Includes balance-sheet credit exposure: loans, advances, purchased debts, promissory note discount, guarantees and debt securities. 
Securities portfolio 
The table below presents the Group’s securities portfolio as at 31 December 2022: 
 
Held for 
trading 
Not held for trading 
measured at fair 
value through 
profit or loss 
Measured at fair 
value through other 
comprehensive 
income 
Measured at 
amortised cost 
Total 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Debt securities ..................
6 
74 
47,764 
87,875 
135,719 
NBP (money market) 
bills .................................
- 
- 
31,074 
78,956 
110,030 
treasury bonds .................
6 
- 
9,857 
2,228 
12,091 
corporate bonds...............
- 
74 
2,840 
4,698 
7,612 
subordinated bonds .........
- 
- 
1,555 
- 
1,555

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
 
Held for 
trading 
Not held for trading 
measured at fair 
value through 
profit or loss 
Measured at fair 
value through other 
comprehensive 
income 
Measured at 
amortised cost 
Total 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
covered bonds .................
- 
- 
43 
- 
43 
municipal bonds ..............
- 
- 
2,395 
1,993 
4,388 
Equity securities ...............
- 
1 
896 
- 
897 
listed shares in other 
entities ............................
- 
- 
796 
- 
796 
unlisted shares in other 
entities ............................
- 
1 
100 
- 
101 
Other financial assets.......
- 
643 
- 
- 
643 
Total ..............................
6 
718 
48,660 
87,875 
137,259 
Source: Consolidated Financial Statements 
The table below presents the Group’s securities portfolio as at 31 December 2021: 
 
Held for 
trading 
Not held for trading 
measured at fair 
value through 
profit or loss 
Measured at fair 
value through other 
comprehensive 
income 
Measured at 
amortised 
cost 
Total 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Debt securities ...............................
9 
6 
65,477 
26,520 92,012 
NBP (money market) bills ...........
- 
- 
49,638 
20,494 70,132 
treasury bonds ..............................
9 
- 
10,038 
195 10,242 
corporate bonds............................
- 
6 
1,845 
4,241 
6,092 
subordinated bonds ......................
- 
- 
1,398 
- 
1,398 
commercial bills ..........................
- 
- 
49 
- 
49 
covered bonds ..............................
- 
- 
68 
- 
68 
municipal bonds ...........................
- 
- 
2,441 
1,590 
4,031 
Equity securities ............................
- 
7 
1,216 
- 
1,223 
listed shares in other entities ........
- 
7 
1,157 
- 
1,164 
unlisted shares in other entities ....
- 
- 
59 
- 
59 
Other financial assets....................
- 
740 
- 
- 
740 
Total .........................................
9 
753 
66,693 
26,520 93,975 
Source: Consolidated Financial Statements 
The table below presents the Group’s securities portfolio as at 31 December 2020: 
 
Held for 
trading 
Not held for trading 
measured at fair 
value through 
profit or loss 
Measured at fair 
value through other 
comprehensive 
income 
Measured at 
amortised 
cost 
Total 
 
(audited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Debt securities ...............................
20 
192 
54,957 
20,232 75,401 
NBP (money market) bills ...........
- 
- 
39,482 
14,000 53,482 
treasury bonds ..............................
20 
93 
10,248 
194 10,555 
corporate bonds............................
- 
99 
1,393 
4,589 
6,081 
subordinated bonds ......................
- 
- 
1,466 
- 
1,466 
covered bonds ..............................
- 
- 
68 
- 
68 
municipal bonds ...........................
- 
- 
2,301 
1,450 
3,750 
Equity securities ............................
- 
7 
812 
- 
820 
listed shares in other entities ........
- 
7 
756 
- 
764 
unlisted shares in other entities ....
- 
- 
56 
- 
56 
Other financial assets....................
- 
681 
- 
- 
681 
Total .........................................
20 
881 
55,769 
20,232 76,902 
Source: Consolidated Financial Statements

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
Derivative financial instruments 
The table below presents the fair and nominal value of the Group’s derivative financial instruments as 
at 31 December 2022: 
Derivative financial instruments – fair value 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
Assets 
Liabilities 
Assets 
Liabilities 
Assets 
Liabilities 
 
(audited) 
Contract type 
(PLN million) 
FX Swap ............................................
194 
25 
55 
237 
187 
422 
Forward ..............................................
100 
31 
52 
30 
5 
16 
FRA ...................................................
- 
1 
4 
- 
- 
- 
CIRS ..................................................
802 
806 
223 
241 
606 
561 
IRS .....................................................
489 
496 
134 
387 
199 
326 
OIS .....................................................
2 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total ............................................
1,587 
1,359 
468 
895 
997 
1,325 
Source: Consolidated Financial Statements 
Derivative financial instruments – nominal value 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
Call 
Put 
Call 
Put 
Call 
Put 
 
(audited) 
Contract type 
(PLN million) 
FX Swap ............................................
4,758 
10,279 
4,656 
9,823 
5,822 
15,460 
Forward ..............................................
912 
2,450 
1,167 
1,384 
741 
478 
FRA ...................................................
500 
- 
500 
- 
- 
- 
CIRS ..................................................
11,540 
13,999 
12,855 
14,767 
10,888 
11,824 
IRS .....................................................
5,892 
5,864 
9,080 
4,965 
6,539 
5,247 
OIS .....................................................
47 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total ............................................
23,649 
32,592 
28,258 
30,939 
23,990 
33,010 
Source: Consolidated Financial Statements

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Overview 
Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego is the only Polish state development bank, and its mission is to 
support the sustainable social and economic development of Poland. The Group’s role includes 
initiating and participating in various cooperation between business, public sector entities and 
financial institutions, including through financing, among others, infrastructure projects and local 
government projects. 
BGK was established as a credit institution in 1924 under the Decree of the President of the Republic 
of Poland dated 30 May 1924 on Merging State Credit Institutions into Bank Gospodarstwa 
Krajowego. 
The operations of BGK are governed by the Act on Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego of 14 March 
2003, as amended, and the Regulation of the Minister of Development on the adoption of the Articles 
of Association of Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego, dated 16 September 2016. Currently, BGK is the 
primary institution supporting the Polish government in the administration of socio-economic 
government programmes designed to promote entrepreneurship as well as infrastructure and 
residential investment at the national, regional and local level. 
BGK’s Group focuses its activities in several main areas: 
• 
carrying out activities supporting the economic growth of Poland by financing infrastructure 
projects and local government projects and by co-financing the foreign expansion of Polish 
companies and providing export financing; 
• 
initiating and implementing actions aimed at supporting the economic growth and 
development of Polish enterprises; 
• 
stimulating the use of capital by participating in financing consortia and assisting with 
structuring new transactions in Poland; 
• 
providing financing to fill the market gap in key areas of the Polish economy by financing 
high risk projects of significant economic importance and by supporting sectors which might 
not be able to obtain financing from commercial lenders; and 
• 
consolidating public finances, managing European Union programmes and distributing 
European Union funds on a regional and national scale. 
The Group’s activities have a multidimensional development context. The implementation of 
activities in one area, such as financing reindustrialisation, has a positive impact on other areas, i.e. on 
labour market development, reduction of the unemployment rate or increase in state budget revenue. 
The Group’s infrastructure projects improve the quality and accessibility of services to the public and 
have a positive impact on the environment and the economy. 
The Group carries out its activities in a responsible and sustainable manner, while maintaining a 
reasonable risk appetite. Planned projects are analysed in terms of risk and their impact on the 
Poland’s sustainable economic growth. In 2022, the liquidity of BGK was at a safe level and its level 
of capital adequacy was monitored using capital adequacy ratios determined in line with the Banking 
Law and the CRR (Capital Requirements Regulation). As at 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2020, the total capital ratio of BGK (including cash flow funds) amounted to 28.91 
per cent., 29.39 per cent. and 33.86 per cent., respectively.  
An important element of the Group’s operations are activities related to co-creation and 
implementation of programmes supporting the development of the housing industry, including 
provision of debt financing to entities in the social rental housing sector, non-refundable financing in 
the rental housing construction sector, in particular to municipal entities, as well as supporting thermal

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
modernisation and refurbishment of residential buildings. BGK carries out government tasks on the 
basis of acts and agreements with ministries, including through funds established, entrusted or 
transferred to BGK. These include, among others, cash flow funds related to the management and 
administration of cash flows of government funds established pursuant to applicable regulations. 
In addition, the Group actively support activities focused on exports, including through Korporacja 
Ubezpieczeń Kredytów Eksportowych S.A. (“KUKE S.A.”), implementation of the government 
export support programme and financing export projects that are partially implemented at “own risk”. 
The Group also actively supports the foreign expansion of Polish businesses through Fundusz 
Ekspansji Zagranicznej FIZ AN (“FEZ FIZ AN”) managed by PFR TFI S.A., which helps Polish 
entities co-finance their investment projects abroad by offering loans or acquiring minority 
shareholdings with a buyout option.  
BGK’s registered office and principal place of business is at Al. Jerozolimskie 7, 00-955 Warsaw, 
Poland. The correspondence address of BGK is at VARSO 2, ul. Chmielna 73, 00-801 Warsaw, 
Poland. The telephone number is +48 22 596 59 99. 
BGK is controlled by the State Treasury of the Republic of Poland (the “State Treasury”). Under the 
Act dated 14 March 2003 on Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego (the “Act”), BGK is not subject to 
Polish bankruptcy laws and all of BGK’s assets and liabilities would be taken over by the State 
Treasury if BGK was ever liquidated. Moreover, pursuant to the Act, the minister competent for 
public finance must provide BGK with amounts necessary to undertake BGK’s statutory tasks. 
Group 
The chart below shows the structure of the fully consolidated Group entities as at the date of this 
Offering Circular: 
 
• 
Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego is the parent entity of the Group; 
• 
Fundusz Ekspansji Zagranicznej FIZAN (Foreign Expansion Fund) is a closed-end fund 
that supports foreign expansion by investing jointly with Polish partners in projects related to 
the establishment of new or the acquisition of existing companies outside Poland. Its 
investment objective is mainly to purchase and subscribe for shares and debt securities issued 
by such project companies, advancing loans to project companies as well as providing 
sureties and guarantees at the request of project companies; 
Bank Gospodarstwa 
Krajowego
Vinci S.A.
Vinci S.A. HiTech 
Alternatywna Spółka 
Inwestycyjna S.K.A
VINCI S.A. IQ 
Alternatywna Spółka 
Inwestycyjna S.K.A
Fundusz Ekspansji 
Zagranicznej FIZ AN
Vinci S.A. Da Gama 
Alternatywna Spółka 
Inwestycyjna S.K.A.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
• 
Vinci S.A. is a company established in 2021 for the sole purpose of managing alternative 
investment companies financed by BGK. Vinci’s goal is to fill the market gaps in the 
financing of Polish enterprises and to increase the competitiveness of the Polish economy 
through seeking, structuring and managing investment projects implemented through 
managed investment vehicles; 
• 
Vinci S.A. HiTech Alternatywna Spółka Inwestycyjna S.K.A. is the first investment 
vehicle operating in the form of an alternative investment company established and funded by 
BGK. HiTech ASI’s investments will contribute to supporting pro-innovative activity as well 
as securing national technological ideas. The company is managed by Vinci S.A. 
• 
Vinci S.A. IQ Alternatywna Spółka Inwestycyjna S.K.A. is an alternative investment fund 
targeting Polish innovative science and research projects at early stages of development. The 
company focuses on ventures characterized simultaneously by high potential for scientific, 
technological, patent and commercialization value. 
• 
Vinci S.A. Da Gama Alternatywna Spółka Inwestycyjna S.K.A. is an alternative 
investment fund investing in foreign projects conducted by Polish companies.  
Vinci Spółka Akcyjna, Vinci S.A. HiTech Alternatywna Spółka Inwestycyjna S.K.A, Vinci S.A. IQ 
Alternatywna Spółka Inwestycyjna S.K.A., Vinci S.A. Da Gama Alternatywna Spółka Inwestycyjna 
S.K.A. and Fundusz Ekspansji Zagranicznej FIZAN are consolidated using the full method, which 
means that all of their assets, liabilities and equity are transferred to BGK’s balance sheet and all of 
their revenues and expenses are transferred to BGK’s income statement. 
History of BGK 
BGK was established as a credit institution in 1924 under the Decree of the President of the Republic 
of Poland dated 30 May 1924 on Merging State Credit Institutions into Bank Gospodarstwa 
Krajowego. 
Until 1939, BGK focused on supporting public and municipal institutions as well as armament 
manufacturers, in addition to managing industrial plants, the control of which was subsequently 
assumed by the state. After World War 2, the operations of BGK were suspended in 1948. The Bank 
was reactivated in 1989 as an institution specialising in the provision of services to the public sector.  
The operations of BGK are governed by the Act on Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego of 14 March 
2003, as amended, and the Regulation of the Minister of Development on the adoption of the Articles 
of Association of Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego, dated 16 September 2016. Currently, BGK is the 
primary institution supporting the Polish government in the administration of socio-economic 
government programmes designed to promote entrepreneurship as well as infrastructure and 
residential investment at the national, regional and local level. 
BGK’s Strategy for 2021-2025 
Under BGK’s strategy for 2021-2025, BGK’s role as a development bank is to support sustainable 
development in Poland by providing relevant stimuli and supplementing the commercial banking 
sector by providing financing. BGK responds to development challenges by cooperating with market 
participants and, where required, stabilising the market. BGK’s vision is to become a leader in 
sustainable development programmes. This vision is being implemented through external strategic 
pillars focusing on (i) sustainable development, (ii) social engagement, (iii) international cooperation 
and (iv) business, and internal strategic pillars focusing on (a) digital and process transformation and 
(b) ensuring an effective management model. 
BGK’s strategy for 2021-2025 is implemented through business model programmes which focus on 
industrial development, infrastructure, transport and logistics, entrepreneurship development, strategic 
security, healthcare, public finance, social and territorial cohesion and housing.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
BGK’s Cooperation with International Public Institutions 
BGK regularly collaborates with numerous public entities, including the European Commission, 
international financial institutions, foreign banks and development institutions, international 
associations and diplomatic entities. Below is a summary of BGK’s cooperation with international 
public entities. 
Cooperation with the European Commission 
On 25 June 2021, in order to benefit from opportunities resulting from the European Commission’s 
Pillar Assessment accreditation received in 2020, BGK submitted its offer to the European 
Commission to become an implementing partner of the InvestEU Programme, which, if successful, 
will allow BGK to access EU funds and a budgetary guarantee under a direct management 
mechanism. The offer was positively reviewed by the Commission and terms of the guarantee 
agreement with the EC are currently being negotiated. The guarantee agreement is expected to be 
signed in the first half of 2023. BGK plans to use the InvestEU guarantee facility as a risk-sharing 
instrument for new products addressed to the following market segments: sustainable infrastructure 
and research, innovation and digitisation. 
The successful pillar assessment carried out by the European Commission enabled BGK to sign an 
agreement with the European Commission on 13 December 2021 on activities relating to delivery of 
COVID-19 vaccines to Ukraine, the Republic of Moldova, Georgia, Armenia, and Azerbaijan (the 
“Eastern Partnership”). As a result, BGK received a EUR 35 million grant that has been used to 
finance and deliver between 2 million and 10 million doses of the COVID-19 vaccine to those 
countries. The project is being implemented together with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Poland 
and the European Commission’s Directorate-General for European Neighbourhood Policy and 
Enlargement Negotiations. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs coordinates the EU’s efforts related to the 
provision of vaccines to Eastern Partnership countries, while BGK implements the grant, fulfilling all 
tasks related to the management of the funds received, and acts as the payment agent. Under the 
mechanism, Portugal donated Pfizer Comirnaty vaccines worth a total of EUR 7.8 million to Armenia, 
and BGK refinanced this amount with grant funds. 
Following the Russian invasion of Ukraine, BGK, together with the European Commission, decided 
to enlarge the scope of the action to enable immediate humanitarian support for Ukraine. In February 
2022, EUR 25 million was reallocated to support Ukraine. The funds financed, among others, 
ambulances, power generators, hygiene products and medical devices. Further support is envisaged in 
the near future. The grant was implemented in cooperation with the Solidarity Fund PL. BGK was 
responsible for managing funds, reporting and monitoring the project's progress, and acted as payment 
agent. Activities under the grant are expected to continue until mid-2023. 
European Investment Bank (“EIB”) 
In May 2022, the EIB launched the EUR 4 billion Ukraine Solidarity Package initiative. This 
solidarity package provides support under the Cohesion Policy to counter the negative effects of 
Russia’s aggression against Ukraine. EUR 2 billion under the package has been earmarked for Poland 
as special support for BGK in raising funds for the Aid Fund managed by BGK.  
In 2022, under the Ukraine Solidarity Package, BGK issued 2 series of bonds under the Aid Fund for 
a total of EUR 1.2 billion, which were fully subscribed for by the EIB. The proceeds from these 
issuances are provided to support, among other things, local governments and public entities that 
organize assistance for refugees from Ukraine and support their integration into local communities. 
Tasks financed by the issuance include maintenance and operation of refugee reception points, 
provision of housing and food, transportation to places of accommodation, assignment of PESEL 
numbers, and medical services. 
In February 2022, BGK and the EIB signed an agreement to co-finance the modernization of the S3 
road connecting Świnoujście and Szczecin. The amount of the loan granted was EUR 250 million.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
In December 2022, two other agreements with the EIB were signed: 
• 
an agreement to co-finance the construction of a section of the S1 expressway between 
Pyrzowice and Dąbrowa Górnicza and between Kosztowy and Bielsko-Biała, with a total 
length of approximately 69 km. The amount of the loan granted was EUR 400 million; 
• 
an agreement to co-finance the construction of a 34.6 km section of the S7 expressway 
between Płońsk and Czosnów. The amount of the loan granted was EUR 220 million. 
The EIB funds will be contributed to the National Road Fund managed by BGK. 
In addition, in March and July 2022, BGK received the first disbursements from, respectively, the 
multibeneficiary intermediated loan (“MBIL”) VI agreement and Municipal Facility & COVID-19 
Response agreement. 
In 2022, BGK completed the allocation of funds from the MBIL V agreement and began the 
allocation of funds under the MBIL VI agreement and the Municipal Facility & COVID-19 Response 
agreement. Funds from the EIB’s global loans are intended to finance investments by local 
government units, SMEs and mid-cap companies. Funds from the Municipal Facility & COVID-19 
Response loan are intended to finance projects of cities that are part of their overall development and 
directly related to mitigating the negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
European Investment Fund (“EIF”) 
BGK cooperates with the EIF in various fields. The EIF, which is owned by the EIB, the European 
Union as represented by the European Commission, and a wide range of public and private banks and 
financial institutions, implements programmes and the disbursement of EU funds, e.g., through the 
European Fund for Strategic Investments (“EFSI”), to provide support for SMEs. Under the EFSI and 
within the framework of cooperation with EIF, BGK provides guarantees under EU programme for 
the Competitiveness of Enterprises and Small and Medium-sized Enterprises (“COSME”) to SMEs 
with the EIF’s counter-guarantee. COSME guarantees are described in detail in the sub-section 
entitled “Sureties and guarantees” below. 
In 2022, BGK continued to cooperate with the EIF with respect to counter-guarantees for lease 
guarantees. The EIF’s counter-guarantee is based on the resources of the Pan-European Guarantee 
Fund. The portfolio guarantee for leases is a new initiative of BGK and supplements the existing offer 
of BGK’s portfolio guarantees. 
In 2022, BGK started discussion and working consultations on the application for EIF counter-
guarantees under two thematic windows of the InvestEU programme: SMEs and Microfinance. BGK 
intends to use the competences and experience gained in implementing and offering the previous 
COSME and Creative Europe guarantees to offer the banking sector portfolio guarantees for SME 
clients, which it believes will be of particular importance for the economy during the slowdown. 
BGK also continues its activities within the framework of the EUR 90 million Polish Growth Fund of 
Funds, which was established together with the EIF. The fund invests in investment funds that provide 
funding to business entities which are seeking to quickly grow. 
Cooperation with the EIF is also implemented at the ownership level. As at the date of this Offering 
Circular, BGK holds eight shares in the EIF, which constitute 0.1 per cent. of the EIF’s share capital, 
and BGK is its only Polish shareholder. 
Multilateral cooperation with public development institutions and international associations and 
organisations 
BGK actively cooperates with public banks and development institutions from other countries. 
In 2022, BGK intensified cooperation within the so called Big 5+1 Group, which comprises the EIB 
and the five largest development banks in Europe (BGK, CDC, CDP, ICO and KfW) as part of the

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
Joint Initiative on Circular Economy, the goal of which is to accelerate the transition to a sustainable 
closed circuit economy by launching innovative and environmentally friendly projects. 
In addition, BGK is a member of the trade associations and organizations named below. The 
associations have no commercial purpose and pursue non-profit-making objectives at the international 
level, focussing on representing, promoting and defending the shared interests of its members. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, BGK is a member of the following international associations 
and organisations: 
• 
European Association of Public Banks; 
• 
European Association for Banking and Financial History 
• 
European Association of Guarantee Institutions; 
• 
European Long-Term Investors Association; 
• 
European Banking Federation; 
• 
The Institute for Internal Controls; 
• 
Information Systems Audit and Control Association; 
• 
International Project Finance Association; 
• 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association;  
• 
Network of European Financial Institutions for SMEs; and 
• 
World Economic Forum. 
Collaboration as part of the Three Seas Initiative and the Three Seas Initiative Investment Fund 
The Three Seas Initiative Investment Fund (operating under the name Three Seas Initiative 
Investment Fund S.A. SICAV-RAIF) is a financial instrument established to support the 
implementation of major commercial infrastructure projects and was inspired by the assumptions of 
the Three Seas Initiative established by the presidents of Poland and Croatia in collaboration with the 
presidents of ten other European states: Austria, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, 
Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia, and Slovenia. The primary objective of the Three Seas 
Initiative Investment Fund is to invest in commercial projects in the area of transport, energy, and 
digital infrastructure, as well as projects that improve the economic potential and reduce differences in 
development between the Three Seas Region states and Western European states. 
BGK is the initiator, co-founder and key investor in the Three Seas Initiative Investment Fund. The 
Fund commenced its operating activities in 2021 and is currently in the investment stage. The Fund’s 
portfolio includes 4 investment projects within various industry sectors, including Cargounit, which is 
the largest independent locomotive leasing company in Poland; Greenergy, which is a CEE data 
centre platform; Enery, which is a renewable power company; and Burgas, which is a major port 
operator in Bulgaria. The fund has 11 shareholders, including two private entities and nine 
development institutions. BGK’s maximum exposure is EUR 750 million, and the carrying value of 
BGK’s investment in the Three Seas Initiative Investment Fund amounted to PLN 1,924 million as of 
31 December 2022.  
In June 2022, U.S. International Development Finance Corporation (“DFC”) and the Three Seas 
Initiative Investment Fund have agreed to a term sheet that will form the basis of an agreement under 
which DFC will provide up to U.S.$300 million of financing to the Three Seas Initiative Investment 
Fund. DFC financing will support energy and infrastructure investments that enhance energy security, 
facilitate energy diversification, and improve connectivity in the Three Seas region. DFC is the United

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
States’ development finance institution and has an investment portfolio of more than U.S.$37 billion 
committed globally, with an emphasis on less-developed countries. 
BGK’s Activities 
The Group’s business activity is conducted by BGK and other organisationally related institutions, 
subsidiaries and affiliates.  
The Group’s operations include: 
• 
banking activities, primarily in the form of lending and surety activities, as well as the 
maintenance of accounts and deposits; 
• 
commissioned activities related to supporting the Polish State Treasury and managing 
government and EU programmes; and 
• 
investment activities. 
BGK, as a state development bank, is the key institution supporting the State Treasury in the 
administration of social and economic government programmes intended to promote entrepreneurship 
as well as infrastructure and housing projects at the national, regional and local level. In addition to 
conducting banking activities, the Issuer actively cooperates with governmental ministries and Polish 
development institutions. 
BGK carries out government tasks on the basis of acts and agreements with ministries, including 
through funds established, entrusted or transferred to BGK for which, by virtue of law, BGK keeps 
separate accounting books and prepares separate financial statements. These include, among others, 
cash flow funds related to the management and administration of cash flows which are not recognised 
in BGK’s statement of financial position and the statement of profit or loss. These cash flow funds are 
the COVID-19 Response Fund, National Road Fund, Railway Fund, Inland Waterways Fund, Subsidy 
Fund, Thermal Modernization and Refurbishment Fund, Student Loan Fund, Borrower Support Fund, 
Polish Science Fund, Tourist Refund Fund, Interest Subsidy Fund, National Guarantee Fund, 
Liquidity Guarantee Fund, Ecological Surety and Guarantee Fund, Government Housing 
Development Fund, Government Housing Fund, Medical Studies Loan Fund, Aid Fund and Armed 
Forces Support Fund. These funds are described in detail in the subsection “Funds”. 
Through the cash flow funds mentioned above and in cooperation with surety funds and Korporacja 
Ubezpieczeń Kredytów Eksportowych S.A., a Polish insurance company established by the State 
Treasury to support export activities of Polish companies, BGK also supports the development of 
entrepreneurship by providing sureties and facilitating the export of Polish goods and services. 
Lending Activity 
BGK extends credit (in the form of loans and bonds) to a wide group of borrowers, including 
corporate entities and local communities. It is involved in the financing of local government entities, 
utility companies and healthcare institutions, and in the implementation of programmes aimed at 
facilitating access to the housing market and increasing the availability of housing in Poland. BGK 
provides financing to bridge gaps in the banking sector, including by participating in syndicated loans. 
Infrastructure Project Financing 
Within the framework of its lending activity, BGK primarily finances investment and infrastructure 
projects. BGK’s operations are focused on supporting strategic sectors of the Polish economy. These 
operations are carried out mainly through structured transactions that enable large investments in the 
production and energy sectors and through financing new technologies. These investments are carried 
out primarily through the participation of BGK in consortia and by increasing the use of leverage in 
financing investments of strategic importance to Poland. This enables using the funds of the financial 
sector in addition to BGK’s own funds. The share of structured finance in the exposure portfolio was

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
43.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2022, which represented a balance sheet exposure of PLN 21,789 
million. 
An important part of BGK’s loan offering is also working capital facilities or medium-value 
investment loans that do not require structured finance transactions. These types of loans are granted 
through BGK’s regional network. BGK also funds infrastructure projects within the scope of its 
statutory activities through the National Road Fund, the Railway Fund and investment funds. 
Export and foreign expansion financing 
One of the Polish government’s strategic objectives is to internationalise the Polish economy. In 
addition to more sophisticated forms of international cooperation, a special focus has been placed on 
the development of business relations with non-EU countries (including higher risk countries). 
BGK plays a key role in providing Polish companies with services enabling them to effectively 
compete on international markets. In recent years, BGK has been increasing its exposure to export 
financing and foreign expansion instruments granted both under the Financial Exports Support 
Programme (Finansowe Wspieranie Eksportu) and as part of the Bank’s own activities. 
In 2022, BGK continued its support to exports and foreign expansion activities, through financing 
projects implemented by Polish businesses on international markets. 
Under the Financial Exports Support Programme adopted by the Council of Ministers in 2009, BGK 
provides credit facilities to foreign buyers (directly or through the buyer’s bank) to finance the 
purchase of Polish goods or services. The funds are transferred directly to the bank accounts of Polish 
exporters, which eliminates the risk of default, as the Polish business receives the transfer directly 
from BGK. 
The solution offered under the Programme is aimed at higher risk markets (including Eastern 
European and African markets), where the instruments offered by commercial banks are limited and 
the borrowing costs charged by local banks are high. 
Between the launch of the Financial Exports Support Programme in 2009 and 31 December 2022, 
BGK granted loans in an aggregate amount of approximately PLN 5.1 billion. The amount disbursed 
was approximately PLN 4.5 billion, while the value of supported export contracts was approximately 
PLN 6.2 billion. 
Since 2015, in connection with the growing interest in financing expressed by Polish businesses 
operating on international markets, BGK has expanded its product offer to include loans dedicated to 
supporting foreign investments by Polish enterprises. These financial instruments are intended to be 
complementary to BGK’s available export credit products and to products offered by other financial 
institutions. This significantly increased the amount of loans granted in subsequent years and, at the 
same time, allowed BGK to enter the markets of highly developed countries through various forms of 
financing. The expansion of the product offer also increased the geographical diversification of 
BGK’s portfolio and enabled Polish businesses to secure attractive forms of support in relation to 
exports and when planning expansion into foreign markets. 
In 2022, under the Financial Exports Support (Finansowe Wspieranie Eksportu) Programme and as a 
result of its own activities, BGK provided export and foreign expansion financing. In 2022, BGK 
supported 130 foreign projects of Polish companies, including the financing of the sale of chemical 
products to Ukraine, the sale of semi-trailers to Côte d'Ivoire, the sale of spare parts to Nepal, and the 
foreign expansion of Polish businesses in the United Kingdom and the United States. 
Financing of Projects Undertaken by Local Government and Healthcare Entities  
As at 31 December 2022, the credit exposure of BGK to local government units and municipal 
companies amounted to PLN 12,435 million and was PLN 221 million higher in comparison to the 
previous year.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
The Bank also finances healthcare sector entities. At the end of 2022, BGK’s credit exposure to 
entities in this sector amounted to PLN 1,864 million, a decrease of PLN 46 million in comparison to 
the previous year. 
Financing of Housing Projects 
The Group implements numerous instruments related to the development of housing and ensuring 
access to housing for young families and persons with relatively low income, as well as instruments to 
promote social mobility and labour market balance through the development of the institutional rental 
housing sector. 
Within the framework of its lending activity, the Bank has implemented social rental housing 
government programmes. As at 31 December 2022, BGK’s exposure under these programmes 
amounted to PLN 4,670 million. This amount comprised the value of exposure in the portfolio of the 
former National Housing Fund and amounts disbursed under loans granted as part of the social rental 
housing programme. BGK also supports the housing industry through government programmes 
administered by the Subsidy Fund (including those related to municipal housing). 
Lending Policy of BGK 
The purpose of BGK’s lending policy is to create a framework for the implementation of BGK’s 
mission, which consists of supporting sustainable social and economic growth of Poland, and in 
particular to: 
• 
strengthen the role of BGK as a development bank and significantly increase the Bank’s 
involvement in financing activities carried out under its strategy, including through 
implementation of the Bank’s business model based on the following eight areas: 
• 
industrial development; 
• 
entrepreneurship development; 
• 
infrastructure, transport and logistics; 
• 
strategic security; 
• 
healthcare; 
• 
public finance; 
• 
social and territorial cohesion; 
• 
housing; and 
• 
maintain the high quality of assets (especially the loan portfolio) within a specific risk level. 
Other objectives of BGK’s lending policy include: 
• 
influencing the development of selected industries of the Polish economy, including through 
participating in the structured financing of infrastructure projects and exports financing and 
taking into account the risks related to economic, political, environmental, social and 
governance conditions in Poland as well as the global economic situation; 
• 
ensuring compliance with sustainable development guidelines for banks; 
• 
achieving the planned size and structure (including diversification) of the loan portfolio by 
increasing or reducing the Bank’s exposure to selected entities, market segments, and 
industries and defining relevant exposure concentration limits; and 
• 
ensuring appropriate loan portfolio quality.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
Lending decisions are made based not only on external and internal regulations, the economic 
viability of projects and their safety in terms of credit risk, but also on the project’s impact on 
Poland’s economic growth. 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, BGK implemented guidelines to assess the risk of exposure 
(IFRS 9), the lending process procedure and monitoring of credit exposures during a crisis. 
In addition, in accordance with the European Banking Authority’s (“EBA”) “Guidelines on legislative 
and non-legislative moratoria on loan repayments applied in the light of the COVID-19 crisis”, the 
Bank implemented the “Procedure for the processing of applications for a change of the loan 
instalment schedule within the scope of activities undertaken to counteract the effects of the COVID-
19 pandemic.” 
Overview of the Loan Portfolio  
The gross value of BGK’s credit exposures in the year ended 31 December 2022 was PLN 50,451 
million. The year-on-year increase was PLN 4,621 million, which was mainly related to the increase 
of exposure to firms and financial entities, which increased by PLN 2,929 million, or 127.0 per cent., 
relative to the previous year. In the area of social housing the PLN 111 million decrease was caused 
by the repayment of loans by the former National Housing Fund serviced by BGK. 
The gross value of BGK’s credit exposures in the year ended 31 December 2021 was PLN 45,830 
million. The year-on-year decrease was PLN 104.9 million, which was mainly related to the decrease 
of exposure in structured finance. At the same time, BGK achieved its strongest growth in the area of 
export and foreign expansion financing, which increased PLN 537.9 million, or 16.4 per cent., relative 
to the previous year, and financing healthcare entities, with a year-on-year increase of PLN 318.8 
million, or 20.0 per cent. In the area of social housing, despite the progress of the social rental housing 
programme (SRH) and a PLN 119.4 million increase compared to the previous year, BGK recorded a 
decline in this category caused by repayments in the portfolio of the former National Housing Fund 
administered by BGK 
The table below presents the portfolio of credit exposures by sector in 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 
31 December 2022 
As at 
31 December 2021 
Change versus 2021 
 
Total 
Share 
Total 
Share 
in 
nominal 
terms 
% 
 
(unaudited) 
 
(in PLN million) 
Loans and bonds (municipal and 
commercial), gross* 
50,451 
100% 
45,830 
100% 
4,621 
10.1% 
Financial sector entities ....................
3,091 
6.1% 
2,226 
4.9% 
866 
38.9% 
Non-financial sector entities .............
34,171 
67.7% 
30,303 
66.1% 
3,869 
12.8% 
individuals ...................................
27 
0.1% 
32 
0.1% 
(5) 
16.4% 
businesses ....................................
34,145 
67.7% 
30,271 
66.1% 
3,874 
9.4% 
Public sector entities .........................
13,189 
26.1% 
13,302 
29.0% 
(113) 
(0.8)% 
central government entities .........
1,263 
2.5% 
1,143 
2.5% 
120 
10.5% 
local government entities ............
11,926 
23.6% 
12,159 
26.5% 
(233) 
(1.9)% 
* the item includes loans, municipal bonds and commercial bonds 
Source: BGK  
The table below presents the portfolio of credit exposures by sector in 2021 and 2020.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
 
As at 
31 December 2021 
As at 
31 December 2020 
Change versus 2020 
 
Total 
Share 
Total 
Share 
in nominal 
terms 
% 
 
(unaudited) 
 
(in PLN million) 
Loans and bonds (municipal and 
commercial), gross* ...........................  
45,830 
100% 
45,935 
100% 
(105) 
(0.2)% 
Financial sector entities .......................  
2,226 
4.9% 
1,546 
3.4% 
680 
44.0% 
Non-financial sector entities ................  
30,303 
66.1% 
31,235 
68.0% 
(932) 
(3.0)% 
individuals ......................................  
32 
0.1% 
35 
0.1% 
(3) 
(8.6)% 
businesses .......................................  
30,271 
66.1% 
31,200 
67.9% 
(929) 
(3.0)% 
Public sector entities ............................  
13,302 
29.0% 
13,154 
28.6% 
147 
1.1% 
central government entities ............  
1,143 
2.5% 
732 
1.6% 
410 
56.0% 
local government entities ...............  
12,159 
26.5% 
12,422 
27.0% 
(263) 
(2.1)% 
* the item includes loans, municipal bonds and commercial bonds 
Source: BGK  
As at 31 December 2022, BGK’s share of the loan market in Poland amounted to 2.9 per cent., 
including a 3.4 per cent. share of loans to financial sector entities, 2.2 per cent. market share for loans 
to non-financial sector entities and 26.2 per cent. share of loans to public sector entities.  
As at 31 December 2022, total debt subject to collection or restructuring was PLN 1,886 million 
(1,335 exposures), while recoveries in 2022 totalled PLN 147 million. BGK is not involved in any 
litigation where the amount of the claim represents at least 10 per cent. of its equity. The total value of 
claims also does not exceed that threshold. 
Deposit Taking and Management of Public Finance Consolidation 
Deposit Taking 
The majority of BGK’s deposit activity is focused on maintaining accounts for the Polish state and 
state-related entities. BGK also provides deposit services to local governments and the entities they 
control. 
In 2022 BGK saw a year-on-year increase in the balance of deposits by PLN 3,019 million, i.e., 2 per 
cent. In terms of value, the largest increase, of PLN 7,531 million (up 9.1 per cent. year on year), was 
recorded in the public sector entities segment. The largest items in this group are funds deposited by 
the Ministry of Finance, which are subject to high volatility.  
In 2021 BGK saw a year-on-year increase in the balance of deposits by PLN 34,553 million, or 29.7 
per cent. In terms of value, the largest increase, of PLN 35,863 million (up 65.5 per cent. year on 
year), was recorded in the public sector entities segment. The largest items in this group are funds 
deposited by the Ministry of Finance, which are subject to high volatility, especially at the end of the 
year. 
The table below presents the volume and structure of BGK’s deposit base in 2022 and 2021: 
 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
Change versus 2021 
 
Total 
Structure 
Total 
Structure 
In nominal 
terms 
% 
 
(unaudited)

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
 
(in PLN million) 
Deposits 
from 
customers ..........................
153,830 
100.0% 
150,811 
100.0% 
3,019 
2.0% 
Financial sector entities .....
15,081 
9.8% 
17,906 
11.9% 
(2,825) 
(15.8)% 
Non-financial 
sector 
entities ...............................
41,542 
27.0% 
42,271 
28.0% 
(729) 
(1.7)% 
Individuals .........................
46 
0.0% 
59 
0.0% 
(13) 
(21.5)% 
Businesses ..........................
41,496 
27.0% 
42,212 
28.0% 
(716) 
(1.7)% 
Public sector entities ..........
97,207 
63.2% 
90,634 
60.1% 
6,573 
7.3% 
Central 
government 
entities ...............................
90,361 
58.7% 
82,830 
54.9% 
7,531 
9.1% 
Local 
government 
entities ...............................
6,846 
4.5% 
7,804 
5.2% 
(958) 
(12.3)% 
Source: BGK 
The table below presents the volume and structure of BGK’s deposit base in 2021 and 2020: 
 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
Change versus 2020 
 
Total 
Share 
Total 
Share 
In nominal 
terms 
% 
 
(unaudited) 
 
(in PLN million) 
Deposits from customers ..  
150,811 
100.0% 
116,258 
100.0% 
34,553 
29.7% 
Financial sector entities ......  
17,906 
11.9% 
14,573 
12.5% 
3,333 
22.9% 
Non-financial 
sector 
entities ................................  
42,271 
28.0% 
46,913 
40.4% 
(4,642) 
(9.9)% 
Individuals ..........................  
59 
0.0% 
53 
0.0% 
7 
13.2% 
Businesses ...........................  
42,212 
28.0% 
46,861 
40.3% 
(4,649) 
(9.9)% 
Public sector entities ...........  
90,634 
60.1% 
54,771 
47.1% 
35,863 
65.5% 
Central government entities  
82,830 
54.9% 
50,194 
43.2% 
32,636 
65.0% 
Local government entities...  
7,804 
5.2% 
4,577 
3.9% 
3,227 
70.5% 
Source: BGK  
The table below presents the structure of Group’s liabilities to customers in the years ended 31 
December 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
 
(audited) 
 
(in PLN million) 
Liabilities to financial sector .....................  
15,067 
17,899 
14,510 
Current accounts and O/N deposits .............  
954 
9,384 
3,522 
Term deposits ..............................................  
14,002 
8,505 
10,964 
Other liabilities ............................................  
111 
11 
24 
Liabilities to non-financial sector .............  
41,542 
42,271 
46,857 
Current accounts and O/N deposits .............  
15,662 
14,779 
13,843 
Term deposits ..............................................  
25,291 
26,909 
31,993 
Other liabilities ............................................  
589 
583 
1,020 
Liabilities to public sector .........................  
97,207 
90,634 
54,771

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
 
(audited) 
 
(in PLN million) 
Current accounts and O/N deposits .............  
88,682 
67,194 
38,285 
Term deposits ..............................................  
8,254 
23,384 
16,354 
Other liabilities ............................................  
271 
56 
132 
Total ............................................................  
153,816 
150,804 
116,138 
Source: BGK  
Public Finance Consolidation Management 
In accordance with the Public Finance Act of 27 August 2009 (as amended), since May 2011 the 
Bank has been responsible for consolidating public funds. Since 1 January 2015 it has also been 
responsible for the management of deposit accounts of the Minister of Finance, in which cash 
accepted for court deposits is held. Moreover, since 1 January 2022 it has also managed deposit 
accounts of the Minister of Finance in which deposits of common prosecutor’s office organisational 
units.  
Pursuant to the Agreement dated 19 December 2014 concluded between the Minister of Finance and 
BGK (as amended), BGK is responsible for: 
• 
carrying out operations related to the acceptance as deposits or under management of 
unallocated financial resources of public sector entities/non-public sector entities classified as 
government sector entities; 
• 
refunding the amounts provided to the Minister of Finance, with interest, to the bank accounts 
of those entities; 
• 
maintaining bank accounts for the Ministry of Finance for the purposes of accepting amounts 
from entities and refunding them, in addition to transferring interest accrued on such amounts; 
• 
processing transfers initiated by the Ministry of Finance from the bank accounts maintained 
by BGK; 
• 
preparing reports on the amounts accepted as deposits or under management for the Ministry 
of Finance. 
In addition, since January 2015, BGK has maintained the deposit accounts of the Ministry of Finance, 
which hold funds accepted for court deposits and, since January 2022, also deposit sums of common 
prosecution units. Within the scope of such services provided to the Ministry of Finance, BGK is 
responsible for: 
• 
keeping deposit accounts of the Ministry of Finance in PLN, EUR, USD, GBP, and CHF; 
• 
carrying out operations related to the management of the deposit accounts of the Ministry of 
Finance; 
• 
maintaining bank accounts for the Ministry of Finance for the purposes of accepting amounts 
from the deposit accounts of the Ministry of Finance as overnight deposits and transferring 
interest accrued on such amounts; 
• 
preparing reports on court deposits and deposits of prosecutor’s office organisational units for 
the Minister of Finance;

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
• 
cooperating with the heads of courts of general jurisdiction, heads of public sector entities, 
and heads of common prosecutor’s office organisational units with respect to the management 
of the deposit accounts of the Minister of Finance assigned to each court. 
As at 31 December 2022, the total value of consolidated funds amounted to PLN 131.2 billion and 
was PLN 6.1 billion higher than at the end of 2021. 
As at 31 December 2021, the total value of consolidated funds amounted to PLN 125.2 billion and 
was PLN 23.3 billion higher than at the end of 2020. 
As at 31 December 2022, BGK operated 2,733 bank accounts where public funds were deposited. As 
at 31 December 2022, the value of transactions whereby term deposits were made or funds were 
placed under management for a fixed term amounted to PLN 54.5 billion. The remaining funds were 
transferred to overnight deposits or placed under overnight management. As at 31 December 2022, 
the value of funds transferred into overnight deposits or placed under overnight management 
amounted to PLN 66.9 billion.  
As at 31 December 2021, BGK provided services to 282 courts of general jurisdiction and military 
courts. As at 31 December 2022, the consolidated amount of court deposits totalled PLN 8.5 billion. 
BGK also provided services to 58 prosecutor’s office organisational units as at 31 December 2022. 
The consolidated amount of prosecutor’s offices deposits totalled PLN 1.2 billion. 
The Group’s Activities on the Money Market and Debt Capital Market 
BGK’s activities in the money market are mainly directed at two objectives: 
• 
management of its current liquidity position (placement of liquidity surpluses),  
• 
maintaining long-term buffer liquidity by holding short-term and/or liquid assets. 
BGK plays an active role in the domestic money market serving as a money market dealer. In 2022, 
BGK ranked first in the dealer’s activity ranking conducted by the NBP for the money and foreign 
exchange market.  
BGK's current liquidity needs are met in the interbank market by using basic liquidity instruments - 
mainly term deposits, deposits and FX swap transactions, as well as repo and reverse repo 
transactions. The size of BGK’s exposure to particular types of financial instruments in 2022 was a 
result of the current situation in the interbank market (including the continuation of the cycle of 
interest rate increases in Poland) and the implementation of the adopted investment strategy. 
COVID-19 and the uncertainty in the market resulting from the current world geopolitical situation 
generally did not affect BGK’s activities in the money and debt securities markets. In this respect, the 
activities carried out in 2022 focused, among other things, on providing customers and funds managed 
by BGK with unrestricted access to the liquidity and investment instrument markets, as well as on 
optimizing the securities portfolio in light of the market situation. 
The table below presents the value and composition of the Group’s portfolio of debt securities in 2022 
and 2021: 
 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
Change versus 2021 
 
Total 
Structure 
Total 
Structure 
In 
nominal 
terms 
% 
 
(audited) 
 
(in PLN million) 
Debt securities .....
135,719 
100.0% 
92,012 
100.0% 
43,707 
47.5%

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
Change versus 2021 
 
Total 
Structure 
Total 
Structure 
In 
nominal 
terms 
% 
 
(audited) 
 
(in PLN million) 
NBP 
(money 
market) bills ..........
110,030 
81.1% 
70,132 
76.2% 
39,898 
56.9% 
Treasury bonds .....
12,091 
8.9% 
10,242 
11.1% 
1,849 
18.1% 
Corporate bonds ....
7,612 
5.6% 
6,092 
6.6% 
1,520 
25.0% 
Subordinated 
bonds ....................
1,555 
1.1% 
1,398 
1.5% 
157 
11.2% 
Commercial bills...
- 
- 
49 
0,1% 
(49) 
(100)% 
Covered bonds ......
43 
- 
68 
0,1% 
(25) 
(36.8)% 
Municipal bonds ...
4,388 
3.2% 
4,031 
4.4% 
357 
8.9% 
Source: 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements, 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements 
The table below presents the value and composition of the Group’s portfolio of debt securities in 2021 
and 2020: 
 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
Change versus 
2020 
 
Total 
Structure 
Total 
Structure 
In 
nominal 
terms 
% 
 
(audited) 
 
(in PLN million) 
Debt securities ...........
92,012 
100.0% 
75,401 
100.0% 
16,611 
22% 
NBP 
(money 
market) bills ................
70,132 
76.2% 
53,482 
70.9% 
16,650 
31.1% 
Treasury bonds ...........
10,242 
11.1% 
10,555 
14.0% 
(313) 
(3.0)% 
Corporate bonds ..........
6,092 
6.6% 
6,081 
8.1% 
11 
0.2% 
Subordinated bonds ....
1,398 
1.5% 
1,466 
1.9% 
(68) 
(4.6%) 
Commercial bills.........
49 
0,1% 
- 
- 
49 
- 
Covered bonds ............
68 
0,1% 
68 
0,1% 
0 
- 
Municipal bonds .........
4,031 
4.4% 
3,750 
5.0% 
281 
7.5% 
Source: 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements  
Within its activities in the money market and the debt securities market, BGK cooperates with the 
Ministry of Finance, including by investing the state budget's liquidity surplus. 
Sureties and Guarantees 
As part of its surety and guarantee operations, BGK supports businesses, in particular SMEs, in 
financing their development needs, including investments. Within this area of its operations, BGK 
also supports individuals in financing housing improvements, including exchange of energy sources 
and thermal modernization.  
BGK carries out surety and guarantee operations in compliance with the Act on Sureties and 
Guarantees Granted by the State Treasury and Certain Legal Persons of 8 May 1997 (as amended) 
(“Act on Sureties and Guarantees”).

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
In 2022, under the “Supporting Entrepreneurship through BGK Sureties and Guarantees” programme, 
BGK performed tasks in four primary areas: 
• 
continuation of the government programme of providing de minimis guarantees for SMEs 
(NGF); 
• 
utilisation of EU funds for guarantees in the SME sector – an initiative under the Operational 
Programme Smart Growth (OP SG) and the framework programme for the competitiveness 
of enterprises and SMEs for 2014-2020 (COSME), the Creative Europe programme for 2014-
2020, the Rural Areas Development Programme 2014-2020; 
• 
management of active portfolios of sureties and guarantees, including portfolios which have 
been removed from the offer; and 
• 
cooperation with local and regional surety funds in Poland. 
In 2022, BGK offered the following surety and guarantee products: 
• 
loan repayment guarantees/sureties provided on a portfolio basis, including: 
• 
loan repayment guarantees as part of the Portfolio De Minimis Guarantee Facility 
(“PDMGF”), which are also granted together with a loan repayment surety provided 
by the surety fund (“PDMGF PLUS”). In 2022, de minimis guarantees continued to 
be provided under special conditions introduced in 2020 in connection with the 
COVID-19 pandemic, which are in effect until 30 June 2023; 
• 
loan repayment guarantees as part of the Portfolio Guarantee Facility with the 
European Investment Fund’s (EIF) counter-guarantees under the COSME Programme 
(“PGF COSME”), which were offered until 30 April 2022; 
• 
loan repayment guarantees as part of the Guarantee Fund under the SG OP (“PGF 
GF SG OP”) – referred to as “Biznesmax” guarantees, dedicated to innovative and 
eco-efficient entrepreneurs. In 2022, the guarantees continued to be provided under 
special conditions introduced in 2020 in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. 
These conditions are in effect until 31 December 2023; 
• 
loan repayment guarantees as part of the Agricultural Guarantee Fund (“AGF”), a 
product dedicated to entities within the agricultural sector. In 2020, in connection 
with the COVID-19 pandemic, special conditions for AGF guarantees including 
interest rate subsidies on working capital loans, were introduced. These conditions are 
valid until 31 December 2023; 
• 
loan repayment guarantees as part of the Crisis Guarantee Fund (“PGF-CGF”), 
which will be provided until 31 December 2023; 
• 
factoring limit repayment guarantees as part of the Crisis Guarantee Fund (“LGF 
CGF”), which will be provided until 31 December 2023; 
• 
student loan repayment guarantees and medical student loan sureties; 
• 
lease guarantees – a product introduced in 2022, implemented in cooperation with the 
European Investment Fund from the Pan-European Guarantee Fund (“LGL EGF”), 
available until 31 December 2022;  
• 
clean air guarantees – a product introduced in 2021, offered together with subsidies 
provided by Regional Funds for Environmental Protection and Water Management 
(“PGF ESGF”), available until 31 January 2028; and

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
• 
down payment guarantees (“PGF GHF”), combined with the possibility of obtaining 
family repayments granted by BGK – a product that is intended to be available until 
31 December 2030. 
• 
guarantees/sureties provided on a case-by-case basis, including: 
• 
loan repayment guarantees and sureties;  
• 
performance bonds; 
• 
sureties and guarantees for entities applying for state aid (from the Liquidity Fund) 
provided until 30 June 2022; and 
• 
sureties and guarantees for entities applying for state aid (from the Crisis Guarantee 
Fund) provided until 31 December 2023. 
To support the economy during the COVID-19 outbreak, in 2020 BGK implemented a comprehensive 
package of guarantee-related measures. BGK has significantly improved the guarantee conditions 
under the existing programmes and it has launched special measures under the Temporary Framework 
(“TF”) for State Aid Measures as well as under the Pan-European Guarantee Fund. 
Improved guarantee conditions include increased guarantee coverage, temporary suspension or 
reduction of guarantee fees and extension of the duration of loans for current activities. In some 
guarantee products, interest subsidies were applied to loans for current business activities. 
Under the TF, BGK launched the Liquidity Guarantee Fund, which provided aid in the form of 
guarantees for new loans (“PGF LGF”), as well as for renewals of existing overdrafts and revolving 
credit lines. The final beneficiaries of these guarantees were medium and large undertakings. The 
PGF LGF guarantees were provided until 30 June 2022.  
Under the TF, BGK also launched the Guarantees on Factoring (“LGF LGF”). This programme 
provided aid in the form of guarantees on factoring products covering mainly recourse and reverse 
factoring. The product was offered to all undertakings, irrespective of their size until 30 June 2022. 
The guarantee instrument introduced by BGK in response to COVID-19 (in 2021) is a guarantee for 
leasing with the EIF’s counter-guarantees under the Pan-European Guarantee Fund (“LGL EGF”). 
The measure provided aid in the form of guarantees on financial leasing and leasing loans until 31 
December 2022. The final beneficiaries of the measure were SMEs. 
Due to the expiration of the TF, in order to ensure the availability of liquidity guarantees to replace 
guarantees from the Liquidity Guarantee Fund after 30 June 2022, BGK has implemented guarantees 
(loan repayments and factoring limits) from the resources of the Crisis Guarantee Fund, developed on 
the model of guarantees issued by the Liquidity Guarantee Fund and aimed at the same business 
segments. Guarantees from the Crisis Guarantee Fund were introduced on the basis of the 
Communication of the European Commission dated 24 March 2022 titled “Temporary Crisis 
Framework for State Aid Measures to Support the Economy Following the Aggression against 
Ukraine by Russia” and the Act of 12 March 2022 on Support for Citizens of Ukraine in Connection 
with the Armed Conflict There, to address the humanitarian crisis caused by the Russian invasion of 
Ukraine, on the basis of which the Crisis Guarantee Fund was established. 
From 1 January 2023, in relation to the expiration of the provision of LGL EGF guarantee programme 
at the end of 2022, BGK implemented the Minimum Portfolio Lease Guarantee Line (LGL NGF), 
which will be a continuation of the guarantee offer for leases. 
Moreover, in 2021, BGK commenced activities as part of the “Clean Air” guarantee programme using 
guarantees of BGK, the objective of which is to expand the instruments of influence of the “Clean 
Air” priority programme managed by the National Fund for Environmental Protection and Water 
Management and implemented by 16 regional environmental protection and water management funds.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
The programme is aimed at increasing the energy efficiency of single-family residential buildings and 
reducing emissions of dust and other pollutants into the atmosphere from single-family residential 
buildings by replacing old, inefficient solid fuel heating equipment and carrying out thermal upgrades 
of these buildings. 
The guarantee programme is implemented by providing guarantees on a portfolio basis (PGF-ESGF 
guarantees) under agreements signed with lending banks, which entered into relevant agreements with 
the National Fund for Environmental Protection and Water Management and Regional Funds for 
Environmental Protection and Water Management. The PGF ESGF guarantees are financed from the 
Ecological Surety and Guarantee Fund established at BGK on 1 January 2021 under the Act of 28 
October 2020 Amending the Act on Supporting Thermal Modernisation and Refurbishment and 
Certain Other Acts. The Fund’s operations are governed by the Environmental Law of 27 April 2001. 
The guarantee activity is addressed to natural persons who take out loans for the purposes provided 
for in the “Clean Air” priority programme managed by the National Fund for Environmental 
Protection and Water Management – guarantees may be provided until 31 January 2028. PGF-ESGF 
guarantees are offered together with subsidies provided by Regional Funds for Environmental 
Protection and Water Management for the repayment of principal of the guaranteed loan, paid directly 
to the loan account at the lending bank. 
Down Payment Guarantees (PGF GHF) and family repayments are financed by the Government 
Housing Fund established at BGK. 
The table below shows the value of the guarantees and sureties provided by BGK. 
 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
 
Volume 
Value 
Volume 
Value 
Volume 
Value 
 
(unaudited) 
 
(in PLN million) 
Sureties and guarantees provided on a 
portfolio basis ...........................................  
91,056 
39,887 
100,051 
36,996 
75,823 
25,571 
PDMGF NGF ............................................  
83,358 
37,816  
91,705 
34,170 
67,922 
23,577 
PGF COSME .............................................  
1,245 
250  
4,237 
737 
5,870 
1,003 
GF SG OP ..................................................  
598 
1,166 
812 
1,600 
365 
733 
PGF Creative Europe .................................  
- 
- 
1 
- 
1 
- 
PGF AGF ...................................................  
4,206 
588 
3,092 
483 
1,665 
259 
PGF-ESGF .................................................  
1,446 
55 
204 
8 
- 
- 
PGF GHF 
203 
11 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Guarantee products implemented only 
for the period of the pandemic and 
conflict in Ukraine ...................................  
6,958 
17,939 
3,146 
14,396 
1,626 
15,462 
PGF LGF 
840 
8,732 
1,263 
11,131 
1,484 
14,553 
LGF LGF ...................................................  
486 
1,944 
646 
3,053 
142 
909 
PGF CGF ...................................................  
178 
656 
- 
- 
- 
- 
LGF CGF ...................................................  
647 
5,726 
- 
- 
- 
- 
LGL EGF ...................................................  
4,807 
881 
1,237 
211 
- 
- 
Source: BGK 
In accordance with the Act on Sureties and Guarantees, BGK may acquire or subscribe for shares in 
regional and local surety funds that offer sureties and guarantees securing the repayment of loans to 
micro, small and medium-sized enterprises. As at 31 December 2022, BGK’s exposure to 13 surety

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
funds, measured as the contribution value, was PLN 51.01 million. The guarantee funds at their 
disposal amounted to PLN 388.77 million. 
In 2022, the funds provided 6,706 sureties with a total value of PLN 460.3 million. As at 31 
December 2022, the active surety fund portfolio amounted to PLN 800.1 million.  
EU Programmes 
BGK is an active partner of central or local government administration bodies in the implementation 
of EU programmes. BGK implements programmes at the national and regional level, cooperating with 
fund administrators as part of national and regional operational programmes.  
In 2022, BGK focused on effective distribution of the entrusted funds and monitored the current 
progress in their disbursement, while cooperating with the entities involved in the process. At the 
same time, in 2022 BGK obtained additional resources from EU funds to be used for supporting 
enterprises amid the economic turmoil caused, among others, by Russia’s ongoing invasion of 
Ukraine. In certain programmes, additional funds were also disbursed following recoveries made 
under financial instruments due to their revolving structure. 
Funds 
BGK carries out Polish government tasks on the basis of acts and agreements with Polish ministries, 
including through funds established, entrusted or transferred to BGK for which, by virtue of law, 
BGK keeps separate accounting books and prepares separate financial statements. These include, 
among others, cash flow funds related to the management and administration of cash flows which are 
not recognised in BGK’s statement of financial position and the statement of profit or loss. 
Credit funds 
Credit funds are funds that are exposed to credit risk and are recognised in BGK’s balance sheet and 
income statement. As of the date of this Offering Circular, BGK has no credit funds. 
Cash flow funds 
Cash flow funds are funds related to the management of cash flows used to finance specific budget 
tasks. The assets and liabilities of cash flow funds are not disclosed in BGK’s balance sheet because 
under the Polish Accounting Act and IFRS they cannot be treated as BGK’s assets and liabilities. 
Funds are discussed on the basis of financial plans agreed with the competent minister and approved 
by the administrators of these funds. 
Dedicated accounting records are maintained for the cash flow funds. In order to fulfil statutory 
requirements, BGK prepares separate balance sheets, off-balance sheet items and income statements 
for the cash flow funds and presents them in the appendices to BGK’s financial statements for 
information purposes only. Detailed information on the financial position and profit and loss of cash-
flow funds for each financial year, which has not been reviewed or audited by an independent auditor, 
is available in the statements of funds established under separate legislation, which are included in the 
2022 Standalone Financial Statements, 2021 Standalone Financial Statements and 2020 Standalone 
Financial Statements incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular.  
As at the date of this Offering Circular, the cash flow funds are: 
• 
the COVID-19 Response Fund (Fundusz Przeciwdziałania COVID-19); 
• 
the National Road Fund (Krajowy Fundusz Drogowy); 
• 
the Armed Forces Support Fund (Fundusz Wsparcia Sił Zbrojnych); 
• 
the Aid Fund (Fundusz Pomocy);

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
• 
the Railway Fund (Fundusz Kolejowy); 
• 
the Borrower Support Fund (Fundusz Wsparcia Kredytobiorców); 
• 
the Subsidy Fund (Fundusz Dopłat); 
• 
the Government Housing Development Fund (Rządowy Fundusz Rozwoju Mieszkalnictwa); 
• 
the National Guarantee Fund (Krajowy Fundusz Gwarancyjny); 
• 
the Polish Science Fund (Fundusz Polskiej Nauki); 
• 
the Thermo-modernisation and Renovation Fund (Fundusz Termomodernizacji i Remontów); 
• 
the Liquidity Guarantee Fund (Fundusz Gwarancji Płynnościowych); 
• 
the Tourist Refund Fund (Turystyczny Fundusz Zwrotów); 
• 
the Inland Waterways Fund (Fundusz Żeglugi Śródlądowej); 
• 
the Crisis Guarantee Fund (Fundusz Gwarancji Kryzysowych). 
• 
the Government Housing Fund (Rządowy Fundusz Mieszkalnictwa);  
• 
the Student Loan Fund (Fundusz Kredytów Studenckich); 
• 
the Medical Studies Loan Fund (Fundusz Kredytowania Studiów Medycznych); 
• 
the Ecological Surety and Guarantee Fund (Ekologiczny Fundusz Poręczeń i Gwarancji); and 
• 
the Government Road Development Fund (Rządowy Fundusz Rozwoju Dróg) operating from 
January 2023. 
COVID-19 Response Fund 
The COVID-19 Response Fund operates based on the Act of 31 March 2020 Amending the Act on 
Special Solutions Related to the Prevention and Combating of COVID-19, Other Infectious Diseases 
and the Crisis Situations Caused by Them and certain other domestic legislation. The COVID-19 
Response Fund was created to finance or co-finance activities to counter the COVID-19 pandemic’s 
effects on the Polish economy. 
BGK manages the fund’s payments and disbursements, acquires debt financing in the form of bond 
issues and loans, prepares a financial plan for the fund, which is agreed with the Minister of Finance 
and approved by the Prime Minister of the Republic of Poland, and prepares monthly reports on the 
implementation of the financial plan, as well as a balance sheet and profit and loss account for the 
fund for each financial year. 
The funds raised by the COVID-19 Response Fund are transferred to public authorities or entities 
authorised by the Prime Minister, including various ministries or agencies of central government 
managing the support programmes. So far, the COVID-19 Response Fund has financed or co-financed 
healthcare services, temporary hospitals and diagnostic points costs, purchase of medical and 
protective equipment as well as the purchase of tests for detecting COVID-19 and loans for micro-
enterprises affected by the economic downturn. In 2022, the COVID-19 Response Fund also 
subsidized investments made by local government units based on stand-by arrangements granted by 
BGK under the Polish Governance Fund: Strategic Investment Programme and financed purchases of 
strategic reserves. The Fund’s expenditures also included the support for the tourism sector using the 
Polish Tourism Voucher, payments made under the so-called government energy and solidary 
“shields”, carbon allowances paid by municipalities, compensation provided in the Act of 15 
September 2022 on Special Solutions Relating to Certain Heat Sources in Connection with the Fuel

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
Market Situation, and compensation on the maximum price provided in the Act of 27 October 2022 
on Emergency Measures to Limit the Amount of Electricity Prices and Support of Certain Consumers 
in 2023. 
Each authority that receives funds from the COVID-19 Response Fund has to enter into an agreement 
with BGK regulating, among others, issues of subsidiary accounts and principles of distributing funds 
to particular public institutions. 
Although the COVID-19 Response Fund operates within BGK structures, it is supervised by the 
Prime Minister of the Republic of Poland. 
The resources for the COVID-19 Response Fund come from: 
• 
cash payments from certain public finance sector units; 
• 
funds from the budget of the European Union and non-refundable aid from the Member States 
of the European Free Trade Agreement (EFTA) which, with the consent of the European 
Commission, may be allocated to support the implementation of tasks related to counteracting 
the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
• 
payments from the state budget, including European funds; 
• 
proceeds from certain State Treasury securities; 
• 
loans and debt securities issued by BGK that are designated for financing the COVID-19 
Response Fund; and 
• 
other income. 
The resources of the COVID-19 Response Fund may be allocated to: 
• 
financing or co-financing the implementation of tasks related to counteracting the effects of 
the COVID-19 pandemic; 
• 
repayment of loan liabilities, together with interest and other costs related to these loans, 
redeeming and paying interest on the bonds issued to finance the COVID-19 Response Fund, 
and covering the costs of their issuance; 
• 
returning BGK’s own funds transferred to the COVID-19 Response Fund for the purpose of 
short-term temporary financing its activities; and 
• 
reimbursing expenses incurred during the implementation of tasks related to counteracting the 
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Total income of the COVID-19 Response Fund in 2022 was PLN 39,186 million, which represented 
100 per cent. of the amount set out in the financial plan. The primary source of financing of the 
COVID-19 Response Fund was subsidies from the state budget, which amounted to PLN 12,474 
million. Also, PLN 7,761 million was obtained from bond issuances. The COVID-19 Response 
Fund’s expenditures totalled PLN 46,361 million, including PLN 43,200 million for the prevention of 
COVID-19. 
As at 31 December 2022, the assets of the COVID-19 Response Fund amounted to PLN 160,619 
million, which included PLN 12,132 million in cash and PLN 147,418 in other receivables. Liabilities 
under bonds issued for the benefit of the COVID-19 Response Fund amounted to PLN 149,377 
million, and the fund recorded a net loss of PLN 3,062 million. 
The issuance of debt securities is one of the main sources of financing for the COVID-19 Response 
Fund. As of the date of this Offering Circular, BGK has issued PLN 145,595 million in bonds to 
finance this fund, which were acquired by Polish institutional investors, EUR 2,300 million in bonds

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
to finance this fund, which were acquired by international institutional investors, and USD 400 
million in bonds, which were acquired by a Polish institutional investor.  
Payments of principal and interest on the Guaranteed Notes issued for the purposes of the COVID-19 
Response Fund are serviced from the statutory proceeds of the COVID-19 Response Fund. All debt 
securities issued to finance the COVID-19 Response Fund benefit from a guarantee from the 
Guarantor. 
National Road Fund 
The purpose of the National Road Fund is financing road construction projects implemented under the 
government’s National Roads Construction Programme. The National Road Fund is a vehicle for 
accumulating and channelling funds to finance the construction and reconstruction of motorways, 
expressways and other national roads, finance the implementation, construction and operation of a 
national tolling system, and to cover the costs of consulting services relating to the construction and 
upgrade of national roads, including under the following long-term government programs: 
• 
Government National Road Construction Programme 2030 (with an outlook to 2033),  
• 
Program for the Construction of 100 Bypass Roads 2020-2030,  
• 
Safe Road Infrastructure Program 2021-2024. 
BGK manages the fund’s payments and disbursements, acquires debt financing in the form of bond 
issues and loans (mainly from the European Investment Bank), prepares a financial plan for the fund, 
which is agreed with the Minister of Finance and Minister of Infrastructure and is subject to the 
opinion of the Minister of Funds and Regional Policy, and prepares periodical (monthly, quarterly, 
yearly) reports on the implementation of the financial plan, as well as a balance sheet and profit and 
loss account for the fund for each financial year. 
The National Road Fund is financed from the following sources: 
• 
a charge which is included in the price of fuel; 
• 
European Union funds; 
• 
loans; 
• 
toll collection; 
• 
road tolls, fines and penalties; and 
• 
debt securities issued by BGK that are designated for financing the National Road Fund. 
The issuance of debt securities is one of the sources of financing for the National Road Fund. As of 
the date of this Offering Circular, the aggregate principal amount of bonds issued by BGK to finance 
the National Road Fund is PLN 2,270 million and EUR 3,650 million. 
In 2022, the proceeds of the National Road Fund totalled PLN 27,146 million, which represented 
108,1 per cent. of the planned amount including PLN 6,614 million from the fuel charge, PLN 5,607 
million from reimbursement from the EU budget, PLN 6,138 million from loans and PLN 5,096 
million from bonds.  
Expenditures of the National Road Fund in 2022 amounted to PLN 23,498 million, including: 
• 
payments related to the implementation of road projects: PLN 13,105 million; 
• 
expenditures related to the funding of a toll collection system: PLN 290 million; 
• 
expenditures related to the servicing of bonds and loans: 8,118 million;

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
• 
payments made to the operators of toll motorways: PLN 1,971 million. 
As at 31 December 2022, the balance sheet total of the National Road Fund was PLN 68,010 million, 
an increase of 15.4 per cent. compared with the figure as at the end of 2021. Liabilities under loans 
incurred and bonds issued for the purposes of the National Road Fund, amounting to PLN 63,079 
million, went up by 9.6 per cent. as compared to the end of 2021. In the year ended 31 December 
2022, the National Road Fund suffered a loss of PLN 1,719 million as compared to a loss of PLN 
1,622 million in the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Payments of principal and interest on the Notes issued for the purposes of the National Road Fund 
(including the Guaranteed Notes) are serviced from the statutory proceeds of the National Road Fund. 
Any Notes to be issued under the Programme to finance the National Road Fund may be guaranteed 
by the Guarantor. 
The Armed Forces Support Fund 
The Armed Forces Support Fund was established under the Homeland Defence Act of 12 March 2022 
to finance objectives specified in the Armed Forces development programme. Moreover, the 
resources of the Armed Forces Support Fund may be allocated to: 
• 
redemption and payment of interest on the bonds issued to finance the Armed Forces Support 
Fund, and covering the costs of their issuance; 
• 
repayment of loans liabilities, together with interest and other costs directly related to these 
loans; 
• 
repayment of short-term temporary financing provided to the Armed Forces Support Fund 
from BGK’s own funds; and 
• 
repayment of liabilities arising from any payments made by the Guarantor under a guarantee 
for loans or bonds issued to finance the Armed Forces Support Fund. 
The main sources of financing for the Armed Forces Support Fund are: 
• 
transfers of proceeds coming from providing support to foreign troops, providing military 
training grounds and specialised military services; 
• 
revenues due under the Act of 10 July 2015 on the Military Property Agency; 
• 
damages, contractual penalties, returned advance payments, proceeds from exercised 
guarantees, securities and other funds received in the course of execution of contracts 
concluded for the benefit of the Armed Forces; 
• 
proceeds from the State Treasury securities transferred to the Armed Forces Support Fund; 
• 
debt securities issued by BGK; 
• 
loans granted by financial institutions; 
• 
payments from the state budget transferred by the Ministry of Defence; and 
• 
other income. 
The fund commenced its operation in April 2022. BGK manages the fund’s payments and 
disbursements, acquires debt financing, prepares a financial plan for the fund, which is agreed with 
the Minister of Finance and approved by the Minister of Defence and prepares annual reports on the 
implementation of the financial plan, as well as a balance sheet and profit and loss account for the 
fund for each financial year.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, there were no outstanding bonds issued by BGK to finance 
the Armed Forces Support Fund. 
In 2022, the proceeds of the Armed Forces Support Fund totalled PLN 15,311 million, which 
represented 74.4 per cent. of the planned amount, including PLN 9,909 million from debt financing 
and PLN 4,990 million from the Armed Forces Modernization Fund. 
Expenditures from the Armed Forces Support Fund in 2022 amounted to PLN 14,638 million, 
including PLN 14,496 million related to the financing of expenses indicated in the Armed Forces 
Development Programme and PLN 142 million related to servicing of the debt financing. 
As at 31 December 2022, the balance sheet total of the Armed Forces Support Fund was PLN 10,635 
million. Liabilities under debt financing incurred for the purposes of the Armed Forces Support Fund 
amounted to PLN 9,936 million. In the year ended 31 December 2022, the Armed Forces Support 
Fund achieved a profit of PLN 129 million. 
Payments of principal and interest on the Guaranteed Notes issued for the purposes of the Armed 
Forces Support Fund are serviced from the statutory proceeds of the Armed Forces Support Fund. All 
debt securities issued to finance the Armed Forces Support Fund benefit from a guarantee from the 
Guarantor. 
Aid Fund 
The Aid Fund was established under the Act of 12 March 2022 on Support for Citizens of Ukraine in 
Connection with the Armed Conflict There, to address the humanitarian crisis caused by the Russian 
invasion of Ukraine (the “Aid Act”). The purpose of the Aid Fund is to provide financing or co-
financing support for Ukraine, in particular support for Ukrainian citizens affected by the armed 
conflict. Tasks financed by the Aid Fund may be implemented both in Poland and abroad. 
The Aid Fund finances primarily: 
• 
public administration activities concerning active forms of assistance to refugees, including 
health care benefits, social assistance benefits and Social Security benefits; 
• 
support of local government units in the implementation of additional educational tasks 
related to the education, upbringing and care of children and students who are citizens of 
Ukraine, whose stay is legally recognized in Poland; 
• 
activities related to national food security in connection with the armed conflict in Ukraine. 
The Aid Fund is financed from the following sources: 
• 
cash payments from certain public finance sector units; 
• 
funds from the budget of the European Union which, with the consent of the European 
Commission, may be allocated to support the implementation of tasks related to providing 
support for Ukraine; 
• 
payments from the state budget; 
• 
proceeds from State Treasury securities; 
• 
debt securities issued by BGK; and 
• 
other income, including donations. 
The fund commenced its operation in March 2022. The Aid Act does not specify the time frame of the 
Aid Fund’s operations which will depend on the situation related to the armed conflict in Ukraine.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, BGK has issued EUR 1,550 million in bonds to finance this 
fund. The issuance of debt securities is one of the sources of financing for the Aid Fund.  
Proceeds of the Aid Fund in 2022 amounted to PLN 16,673 million, including PLN 6,170 million 
related to the issuance of bonds and PLN 10,107 million of funding from the State Treasury, EU funds 
and other public finance entities. 
Expenditures of the Aid Fund in 2022 amounted to PLN 13,884 million, including PLN 13,880 
million for financing of the funds statutory tasks. 
As at 31 December 2022, the balance sheet total of the Aid Fund was PLN 6,433 million. Liabilities 
under bonds issued for the purposes of the Aid Fund amounted to PLN 6,137 million. In the year 
ended 31 December 2022, the Aid Fund achieved a profit of PLN 13 million. 
Payments under debt securities issued by BGK to finance the Aid Fund (including any Notes to be 
issued under the Programme) should be made from the Aid Fund’s funds. All debt securities issued to 
finance the Aid Fund are guaranteed by the Guarantor. 
Railway Fund 
The Railway Fund (RF), established at BGK under the Act on the Railway Fund of 16 December 
2005 (as amended), has been functioning since 2006. The Railway Fund’s objective is to accumulate 
funds and finance the construction, alteration, repair and maintenance of railways in Poland, and 
finance expenses relating to rail transport infrastructure. The Railway Fund also finances the 
decommissioning of redundant railways. The Railway Fund provides PKP Polskie Linie Kolejowe 
S.A., the national operator of rail infrastructure, with the funds necessary to cover its running costs. 
Apart from financing infrastructure investments, the Railway Fund can also finance the purchase and 
modernisation of rolling stock used for diagnosing, maintenance, repair or construction of railway 
infrastructure, rescue operations, supplies the State Treasury with funds necessary to cover the 
purchase price of shares in PKP Polskie Linie Kolejowe S.A. from Polskie Koleje Państwowe S.A, 
and may finance tasks of local governments in individual provinces related to the purchase, 
modernisation and repair of rolling stock used for the carriage of passengers. 
BGK manages the fund’s payments and disbursements, prepares a financial plan for the fund, which is 
agreed with the Minister of Finance and Minister of Infrastructure and is subject to the opinion of the 
Minister of Funds and Regional Policy, and prepares quarterly and yearly reports on the 
implementation of the financial plan, as well as a balance sheet and profit and loss account for the 
fund for each financial year. 
The main source of financing for the Railway Fund is a charge which is included in the price of fuel. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular no debt securities were issued for the purposes of the Railway 
Fund.  
Inflows to the Railway Fund in 2022 amounted to PLN 1,938 million, which included proceeds from 
the fuel charge of PLN 1,673 million.  
The Railway Fund’s expenditures in 2022 amounted to PLN 5,880 million (99.2 per cent. of the 
financial plan), including expenditures on financing of entities managing railroad infrastructure, 
including maintenance and repair of railroad infrastructure in the amount of PLN 4,508 million. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Railway Fund had assets of PLN 3,372 million, down by 53.9 per cent. 
as compared with the figure as at the end of 2021. The main reason for the decrease was changes in 
the securities held by the fund. 
In the year ended 31 December 2022, the Railway Fund achieved a profit of PLN 264 million as 
compared to profit of PLN 14 million in the year ended 31 December 2021.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
All debt securities issued to finance the Railway Fund may benefit from a guarantee from the 
Guarantor. 
Borrower Support Fund 
The Borrower Support Fund was established in 2015 under the Act on Support for Housing Loan 
Borrowers in a Difficult Financial Situation and Certain Other Acts, dated 9 October 2015 (Journal of 
Laws of 2021, item 1516, as amended) in order to support borrowers in difficult financial situations. 
The Borrower Support Fund provides financial support by paying directly to the lender the amounts 
which are due under loans secured over title to residential property or by providing a loan to facilitate 
the repayment of the loan secured over title to residential property. The main sources of financing for 
the Borrower Support Fund are contributions made by banks and cooperative saving unions that grant 
mortgage loans. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Borrower Support Fund cannot be financed by the 
issuance of debt securities. 
The Borrower Support Fund provides support with respect to agreements between lenders and 
borrowers. Its amount is expressed in Polish złoty as the equivalent of the expected 36 monthly 
principal and interest payments under a housing loan agreement, provided that if the expected 
monthly principal and interest payment exceeds PLN 2,000, the amount of PLN 2,000 is used as the 
basis for the determination of the amount of support. The support is provided on an aggregate basis in 
monthly instalments to the lender’s bank account. 
The funds are derived from payments made by lenders in proportion to the size of their portfolio of 
housing loans to households, where the delinquency in payment of the principal or interest exceeds 90 
days, repayments of the support funds as well as income on invested cash surplus of the Borrower 
Support Fund. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the payments of lenders amounted to PLN 
1,911 million.  
The initial value of the Borrower Support Fund was PLN 598.7 million. As at 31 December 2022, 
BGK had entered into agreements with 44 lenders regarding the implementation of the act. As at 31 
December 2022, the Bank had registered 9,960 support agreements for a total amount of PLN 591 
million. Expenditures from the Borrower Support Fund are in the form of financial disbursements and 
commissions. As at 31 December 2022, 59,753 instalments were paid in the amount of PLN 97 
million (without refunds) and PLN 1 million of support disbursed was cancelled. The Fund received 
repayments of the provided support in the amount of PLN 5 million. 
As at 31 December 2022, the balance sheet total of the Borrower Support Fund was PLN 1,873 
million as compared to PLN 604 million in 2021. The Borrower Support Fund reported a net profit of 
PLN 33 million in 2022 as compared to a net loss of PLN 1 million in 2021.  
Subsidy Fund 
The Subsidy Fund provides financial assistance under the following programmes: 
• 
interest subsidies on fixed rate mortgage loans, pursuant to which the fund co-finances the 
interest payments under mortgage loans granted to individuals; 
• 
financial support for families and other persons purchasing their first home; 
• 
financial support for municipal and rental housing; 
• 
subsidies to rental payments; 
• 
financial support for young people purchasing their first apartment; and 
• 
financial support for social housing associations and housing cooperatives developing new 
residential properties.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
Funds provided by the State Treasury are the principal source of funding for the Subsidy Fund. As of 
the date of this Offering Circular, the Subsidy Fund cannot be financed by the issuance of debt 
securities. 
Interest subsidies for fixed-rate housing loans are granted under the Act on Interest Subsidies for 
Fixed-Rate Housing Loans of 5 December 2002 (as amended). Under the fixed-rate housing loan 
interest subsidy programme, BGK continued its cooperation with banks with regard to the settlement 
of interest subsidies and surplus interest paid by borrowers under fixed-rate loans advanced by 
lending banks between 2003 and 2005. BGK grants subsidies in periods when the contractual interest 
based on a fixed interest rate (6.5 per cent.) is lower than the statutory 3-month WIBOR rate plus 1.5 
per cent. If the contractual interest is higher, excess interest paid by borrowers is subject to settlement. 
Activities in relation to the management of the Family Own Home programme (a mortgage 
programme for families) were carried out on the basis of the Act on Financial Aid for Families and 
Other Persons Buying Their Own Apartment of 8 September 2006 (as amended). They included day-
to-day management of preferential loan interest subsidy agreements entered into with the lending 
banks, maintenance of the register of target preferential loan borrowers, payment of subsidies due as 
well as conducting inspections at the lending banks to verify compliance of granted loans and 
subsidies with the regulations in force. As at 31 December 2022, the lending banks had indicated that 
the 8-year subsidy period had expired for all loans granted. In September 2022, the last disbursement 
of interest subsidies on preferential loans under the Family Own Home programme was made. A 
further servicing of current loans may be required in relation to the settlement of subsidies. From the 
launch of the programme to 31 December 2022, the total subsidies transferred to lending banks in 
relation to preferential loans were PLN 4,591 million. 
Activities related to the management of the municipal and rental housing programme were carried out 
on the basis of the Act on the Financial Aid For Certain Housing Projects dated 8 December 2006 (as 
amended), and in 2022 consisted of the acceptance, evaluation and qualification of applications for 
financial support, as well as the execution and management of agreements from 2017-2022. The 
amount disbursed under the programme from its launch in 2006 until 31 December 2022 totalled PLN 
2,580 million, of which PLN 1,129 million was disbursed in 2022.  
In 2022, 350 applications were considered eligible for support from the Subsidy Fund in the aggregate 
amount of PLN 866 million. In 2022, 442 agreements were concluded for an aggregate of PLN 1,162 
million in support and 24 applications for signing an annex to increase the support amount were 
considered eligible for support from the Subsidy Fund. In 2022, investors completed and settled 201 
projects, resulting in the construction of 2,446 housing units, 43 assisted accommodation units and the 
creation of 7 beds in lodging houses for the homeless.  
BGK’s activities related to the management of the Apartment for the Young (Mieszkanie Dla 
Młodych) programme were carried out on the basis of the Act on State Aid Provided for the Purchase 
of the First Flat by Young People of 27 September 2013 (as amended) and in 2022 consisted in 
maintaining a record of buyers and their children meeting the statutory requirements to obtain the 
financial support, granting the additional co-financing for the repayment of a part of the loan based on 
requests for additional financial support submitted by credit institutions, paying the additional 
financial support from the Subsidy Fund and carrying out controls at lending institutions, involving 
verification of whether a loan advanced complied with the provisions of the Act and terms of the 
agreement between the lending institution and BGK. From the launch of the programme until 
31 December 2022, BGK transferred financial support totalling PLN 3,026 million to lending 
institutions as loans with a subsidy to own contribution and as additional financial support, including 
PLN 2 million in 2022. 
The Subsidy Fund also supports residential construction. From the launch of the programme until 
31 December 2022, BGK disbursed a total of PLN 214 million as loan interest subsidies. Under the 
Tripartite Agreement (setting out detailed terms of interest subsidies for loans or bonds, as referred to 
in Article 15c.2 of the Act on Certain Forms of Support for Residential Construction), concluded on

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
23 May 2016 between BGK, the Ministry of Infrastructure and Construction and the Ministry of 
Finance, the proceeds of the Subsidy Fund from the payment of a portion of a loan relief are 
transferred to a separate account of the Subsidy Fund maintained for purposes of managing the Social 
Rental Housing Programme. 
In accordance with the Act on Certain Forms of Support for Residential Construction of 26 October 
1995 (as amended), the title to apartments managed by social housing associations and housing 
cooperatives, built with the use of BGK loans, may be transferred to the tenants. A contribution from 
the State budget, proceeds from the payment of a portion of a loan relief attributable a given 
apartment and income on the Bank’s investment of these funds increased the Subsidy Fund by PLN 
88 million in 2022, thus increasing the balance of these funds in the Subsidy Fund to PLN 555 
million. Loan interest subsidies paid until 31 December 2022 amounted to PLN 214 million, including 
PLN 32 million in 2022. 
The activities related to the management of the Housing for a Start (Mieszkanie na Start) programme 
were carried out under the Act on State Subsidies to Household Expenses in the First Years of 
Tenancy, dated 20 July 2018 (as amended), and in 2022 consisted of accepting applications submitted 
by municipalities for the conclusion of subsidy agreements, reviewing applications, and executing 
relevant agreements with municipalities. From the launch of the programme until 31 December 2022, 
the subsidies to be paid out amounted to PLN 10 million, including PLN 6 million paid out in 2022.  
In 2022, the Subsidy Fund received a state budget grant of PLN 943 million, including PLN 2 million 
earmarked for the Apartment for the Young programme, PLN 6 million for the Housing for a Start 
programme and PLN 869 million for the non-repayable construction support programme. In addition, 
in 2022, a PLN 67 million subsidy from the state budget was credited to the account separated within 
the Subsidy Fund for the purpose of managing the social rental housing (SRH) programme. 
As at the end of December 2022, the assets of the Subsidy Fund (including social rental housing 
funds) amounted to PLN 1,699 million and decreased by PLN 215 million from the end of 2021. The 
net profit generated in 2022 by the Subsidy Fund was PLN 86 million, as compared to a loss of PLN 4 
million in 2021.  
Government Housing Development Fund 
The Government Housing Development Fund operates on the basis of the Act of 10 December 2020 
on Amending Certain Laws Supporting Housing Development, the Act of 26 October 1995 on Social 
Forms of Housing Development (as amended), and the agreement of 8 March 2021 on the principles 
of servicing the Government Housing Development Fund concluded between the Minister of 
Development and Technology and BGK. 
The role of the Government Housing Development Fund is to improve the availability of housing for 
rental purposes by stimulating the market for new housing to be built by the Social Housing Initiative. 
The situation caused by the COVID-19 outbreak in 2020 has significantly reduced local government 
budget revenues, which could result in a reduction in their activity in supporting this type of 
investment in the coming years. 
The Government Housing Development Fund’s funds are used to finance part or all of a 
municipality’s expenses for taking up shares in the projects of the Social Housing Initiative that are 
being created or already operating. 
In 2022, the Government Housing Development Fund received a PLN 300 million subsidy from the 
COVID-19 Response Fund for the implementation of its statutory tasks. In addition, in December 
2022, the Government Housing Development Fund received Treasury notes from the Minister of 
Funds and Regional Development with a nominal value of PLN 900 million.  
In 2022, BGK received 177 payment instructions regarding the Government Housing Development 
Fund from the National Property Resource, based on which 186 instructions were executed (including 
9 instructions received in 2021) for a total of PLN 484 million in financial support to municipalities.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Government Housing Development Fund cannot be 
financed by the issuance of debt securities. 
National Guarantee Fund 
The National Guarantee Fund has been operated by BGK since January 2018 under the Act on 
Sureties and Guarantees Granted by the State Treasury and Certain Legal Persons of 8 May 1997 (as 
amended) as part of the government programme “Supporting Entrepreneurship through BGK Sureties 
and Guarantees”. The establishment of the Fund was aimed at implementing the guarantee model in 
line with the Strategy for Responsible Development as an instrument of systemic strategic 
intervention in the SME sector that mobilises public and private funds for the implementation of state 
policy. The establishment of the National Guarantee Fund makes it possible to use funds released 
from financial instruments of operational programmes at the central level of the current and previous 
financial framework of the European Union, funds reallocated from BGK’s capital and any voluntary 
participation of stakeholders within any timeframe, thus diversifying the source of financing for de 
minimis guarantees. The state budget plays a supplementary and supporting role as the guarantor of 
the system’s liquidity. 
In 2022, in relation to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, as well as the sanctions imposed by the 
European Union and the retaliatory measures introduced by Russia and Belarus, the terms and 
conditions of de minimis guarantees were extended twice - in June 2022 until 31 December 2022, and 
then in December 2022 until 30 June 2023.  
At the end of 2022, BGK ceased to provide portfolio lease guarantees with a counter-guarantee 
provided by the European Investment Fund from the Pan-European Guarantee Fund. From 1 January 
2023, BGK implemented the Minimum Portfolio Lease Guarantee Line (LGL-NGF), which will be a 
continuation of the guarantee offer for leases. 
In 2022, the National Guarantee Fund provided 83,358 de minimis guarantees for an aggregate 
amount of PLN 37,816 million. In 2022, 4,807 guarantees from the LGL-EGF were provided for an 
aggregate of PLN 881 million. 
In 2022, the National Guarantee Fund received PLN 7 million from EU sources. It was not necessary 
to transfer any funds from the state budget to cover the costs and expenses of the National Guarantee 
Fund. 
As at 31 December 2022, the balance sheet total of the National Guarantee Fund was PLN 650 
million. The National Guarantee Fund reported a net profit of PLN 24 million in 2022. 
The National Guarantee Fund can be financed by the issuance of debt securities. Payments of 
principal and interest on the Guaranteed Notes issued for the purposes of the National Guarantee Fund 
are serviced from the statutory proceeds of the National Guarantee Fund. Any Notes to be issued 
under the Programme to finance the National Guarantee Fund will be guaranteed by the Guarantor. 
Polish Science Fund 
The key objective of the Polish Science Fund is to finance scientific research of particular importance 
to the Polish economy, facilitating the development of innovative products as well as assisting 
organisations in implementing innovative organisational models for research and development 
activities. The Fund operates under the Act on Supporting Scientific Activities from the Polish 
Science Fund of 4 April 2019 (as amended) and the agreement between the Ministry of Science and 
Higher Education and BGK of 19 June 2019. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, no debt securities were issued by BGK for the purposes of the 
Polish Science Fund. Any Notes to be issued under the Programme to finance the Polish Science Fund 
may be guaranteed by the Guarantor.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
On 18 June 2019, BGK transferred PLN 500 million to the Polish Science Fund, reducing the Bank’s 
statutory capital. In 2022, research funding granted by the Polish Science Fund amounted to PLN 9 
million and payments related to the costs of tasks completed by the manager (an entity managing the 
virtual research institute appointed by the minister competent for science) amounted to PLN 3 million.  
Thermo-modernisation and Renovation Fund 
The Thermo-modernisation and Renovation Fund provides public assistance for thermal efficiency 
improvement and repair projects, low emissions projects and the purchase, assembly, construction and 
improvement of renewable energy sources. The Thermo-modernisation and Renovation Fund 
provides building insulation and repair subsidies for investors involved in these projects. The funds 
are disbursed on the completion of the project and are designated for repaying commercial loans used 
to finance thermal efficiency improvements and repair projects. Funds provided by the State Treasury 
are the principal source of funding for the Thermo-modernisation and Renovation Fund. 
In 2022, the Thermo-modernisation and Renovation Fund also performed tasks related to co-financing 
of low-emission projects. The goal of the Stop Smog programme is to eliminate or replace heat 
sources with low-emission ones and to ensure thermal modernisation of single-family houses owned 
by persons in fuel poverty. This form of support financed from the Thermo-modernisation and 
Renovation Fund is considered as state aid for municipal low-emission programmes set up to reduce 
the emission of pollutants and improve air quality. Projects are implemented based on an agreement 
concluded with a municipality by the National Fund for Environmental Protection and Water 
Management for and on behalf of the minister competent for climate. 
In 2022, the Thermo-modernisation and Renovation Fund performed the tasks specified in the Act on 
Supporting Thermal Modernisation and Refurbishment and on the Central Register of Emissivity of 
Buildings of 21 November 2008 (as amended), consisting of awarding three types of bonuses: thermal 
modernisation, renovation and compensation bonus, and executing payment instructions for funds 
earmarked for co-financing of low-emission projects as part of the Stop Smog programme. In 
addition, the Thermo-modernisation and Renovation Fund made payments of bonuses awarded in 
2022 and previous years in accordance with the rules specified in the said act. From 1 December 
2022, the new grant and bonus aimed at improvement and repair projects related to the municipal 
housing stock and thermal modernisation grant are available under the Thermo-modernisation and 
Renovation Fund.  
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Thermo-modernisation and Renovation Fund cannot be 
financed by the issuance of debt securities. 
In 2022, BGK granted the thermal modernisation bonus, the repair bonus and the compensation bonus 
in partnership with 10 lending banks. In addition, BGK cooperates with two institutions that are 
responsible for verification of audits and documentation concerning improvement to prefab-concrete 
apartment blocks. BGK paid bonuses in a total amount of PLN 120 million. 
With respect to the Stop Smog programme, 11 agreements with municipalities were under 
management with a total value of PLN 57 million. Based on the agreements, 32 payments were made 
for a total of PLN 20 million. 
In 2022, the amount appropriated from the government budget to the Fund totalled PLN 42 million. 
As at 31 December 2022, the balance sheet total of the Thermo-modernisation and Renovation Fund 
amounted to PLN 532 million compared to PLN 532 million as at 31 December 2021. The Fund 
reported a net profit of PLN 18 million for 2022 as compared to loss of PLN 4 million in 2021.  
Liquidity Guarantee Fund 
The establishment of the Liquidity Guarantee Fund is another measure supporting Polish businesses 
affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The Liquidity Guarantee Fund provides guarantees for loans 
and guarantees on factoring.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
 
The loans with a guarantee from the Liquidity Guarantee Fund are provided by Polish commercial and 
cooperative banks and taken by medium and large enterprises seeking to improve their liquidity 
during the difficulties caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Guarantees on factoring are a new instrument that was introduced in September 2020. Its purpose is to 
ensure financial liquidity for companies by increasing access to financing in the form of recourse 
factoring and reverse factoring, including allowing the continuation of agreements for factoring limits 
granted by the factor. The final beneficiaries of the measure are small, medium and large enterprises 
operating in Poland. However, financial institutions are not eligible final beneficiaries. The guarantees 
will be granted through factors, i.e., banks or factoring companies granting factoring limits. 
The support under the Liquidity Guarantee Fund was aimed at enterprises which, as of 31 December 
2019, were in a sound financial position and, as of 1 February 2020, were not in arrears with 
payments under their financial indebtedness, taxes and contributions to social security funds.  
Pursuant to the European Commission's decision of 22 December 2021 (State Aid SA.100902 2021/N 
Poland) (C(2021) 9960 final), BGK was allowed to provide guarantees from the Liquidity Guarantee 
Fund until 30 June 2022.  
Payments of principal and interest on the Guaranteed Notes issued for the purposes of the Liquidity 
Guarantee Fund are serviced from the statutory proceeds of the Liquidity Guarantee Fund. All debt 
securities issued to finance the Liquidity Guarantee Fund benefit from a guarantee from the 
Guarantor. 
In 2022, 1,326 guarantees were provided for PLN 10.676 million, including 486 factoring limit 
repayment guarantees for PLN 1,944 million.  
Tourist Refund Fund 
The Tourist Refund Fund operates on the basis of the amended Act of 2 March 2020 on special 
solutions related to the prevention and combating of COVID-19, other infectious diseases and crisis 
situations caused by them. 
The payments from the Touristic Refund Fund are available to travellers who have not received a 
refund or have not agreed to accept a voucher for a trip, flight or hotel reservation that was cancelled 
due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The acceptance of applications and payments of funds to travellers 
will be carried out by the Insurance Guarantee Fund. The Fund also operates based on the agreement 
between the Ministry of Development, Labour and Technology and BGK dated 29 October 2020. 
The sources of funding for the Touristic Refund Fund are: 
• 
payments from the state budget, part of which is at the disposal of the minister competent for 
tourism; 
• 
interest on deposits of periodically free resources of the Touristic Refund Fund deposited in 
banks and interest on funds transferred to the deposit of the Minister of Finance; and 
• 
payments from the COVID-19 Response Fund. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Tourist Refund Fund cannot be financed by the issuance 
of debt securities. 
The total amount of repayments to the Tourist Refund Fund in 2022 amounted to PLN 31 million. 
Inland Waterways Fund  
In accordance with the Act on Financial Support of Inland Shipowners, the Inland Waterways Fund 
and the Reserve Fund, dated 31 July 2019 (as amended), the Inland Waterways Fund created at BGK 
under the Act on the Inland Waterways Fund and the Reserve Fund of 28 October 2002 became the

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
Inland Waterways Fund within the meaning of the new Act, assuming its existing assets and liabilities 
and equity and commenced operations as a cash flow fund operated by BGK.  
The purpose of the Inland Waterways Fund is to support inland waterway transport by co-funding 
fleet upgrades and other projects aimed at restructuring inland waterway transport, including 
environmental projects and safety improvement projects. The Inland Waterways Fund may also 
provide refinancing of the costs of acquiring shipping equipment. 
In particular, the Inland Waterways Fund finances payments to inland shipowners under advanced 
preferential loans. The refinancing of the purchase of ship equipment and cancellations of part of 
preferential loans are made with the related costs and are charged against the fund. The support to 
shipowners from the Inland Waterways Fund constitutes de minimis aid and is provided by BGK in 
compliance with the terms specified in Commission Regulation (EU) No. 1407/2013 of 18 December 
2013 on the application of Articles 107 and 108 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union to de minimis aid. By operating the fund, the Bank manages the fund’s resources from grants 
from the National Fund for Environmental Protection and Water Management (Narodowy Fundusz 
Ochrony Środowiska i Gospodarki Wodnej) and state budget subsidies. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Inland Waterways Fund cannot be financed by the 
issuance of debt securities. 
As at 31 December 2022, the balance sheet total of the Fund was PLN 55 million as compared to PLN 
51 million as at 31 December 2021. 
Crisis Guarantee Fund 
The Crisis Guarantee Fund was established under the Act of 12 March 2022 on support for citizens of 
Ukraine in connection with the armed conflict on the territory of that country, in order to provide 
guarantees and sureties for the repayment of loans or other obligations incurred by entrepreneurs. The 
operations of the Crisis Guarantee Fund are focused on: 
• 
coverage of costs and expenses related to the granting of sureties and guarantees for the 
repayment of loans or other obligations incurred by entrepreneurs, including disbursements 
from such sureties and guaranties; 
• 
repayment of liabilities on account of borrowings, loans and bonds issued, including to cover 
the costs of bond issuances; and 
• 
reimbursement to BGK of its own funds spent on financing the timely handling of the Crisis 
Guarantee Fund’s activities, together with remuneration for such financing, in an amount to 
be agreed with the Minister responsible for public finance. 
The Crisis Guarantee Fund is financed from the following sources: 
• 
commission fees for sureties and guarantees financed with the Crisis Guarantee Fund’s funds; 
• 
proceeds from recoveries of amounts paid by BGK in performance of a surety or guarantee 
agreement financed from the Crisis Guarantee Fund’s funds; 
• 
interest on the Crisis Guarantee Fund’s funds; 
• 
funds from the state budget provided by the Minister responsible for public finance; 
• 
donations and bequests; 
• 
loans incurred by BGK; 
• 
debt securities issued by BGK; and

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
• 
other income. 
The fund commenced its operation in July 2022. In 2022, the Crisis Guarantee Fund granted 825 
guarantees in a total amount of PLN 6,383 million, including 178 factoring guarantees in a total 
amount of PLN 656 million. 
Payments of principal and interest on the Guaranteed Notes issued for the purposes of the Crisis 
Guarantee Fund are serviced from the statutory proceeds of the Crisis Guarantee Fund. All debt 
securities issued to finance the Crisis Guarantee Fund benefit from a guarantee from the Guarantor. 
Government Housing Fund 
The Government Housing Fund operates on the basis of the Act of 1 October 2021 on Guaranteed 
Housing Loans, which introduced solutions implementing the socio-economic programme “Polish 
Deal” (Polski Ład). 
The Government Housing Fund’s goal is to improve the ability of households to meet their housing 
needs through elimination of the barrier of insufficient own funds that are required by lending banks 
as the borrower’s own contribution to provide a mortgage loan by offering the ability to cover the 
loans with BGK’s guarantees, as well as to stop negative demographic trends related to a low level of 
fertility in families repaying mortgage loans incurred to satisfy their own housing needs by making 
family repayments when a second or subsequent child is born into the borrower’s household. 
The resources of the Government Housing Fund will be used to cover costs and expenses of BGK 
related to the provision of guarantees, including payments made under the guarantees and family 
repayments of the principal of housing loans backed by BGK’s guarantee. 
The fund commenced its operation in May 2022. In 2022, the Government Housing Fund was 
provided with a grant from the state budget in the amount of PLN 2 million. There were no guarantee 
payments or family repayments in 2022. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Government Housing Fund cannot be financed by the 
issuance of debt securities. 
Student Loan Fund 
As of 1 January 2019, the Student Loan and Credit Fund changed its name to the Student Loan Fund, 
which operates under the Act on Higher Education and Science of 20 July 2018 (as amended) and the 
Regulation of the Minister of Science and Higher Education on student loans of 20 December 2018 
(as amended). The statutory objective of the Fund is to provide wider access to tertiary education 
through a system of preferential student loans in the form of loan interest subsidies and partial or 
complete forgiveness of loans. In accordance with the Act of 17 November 2021 Amending the 
Higher Education and Science Law and Certain Other Acts, a repayment of a student loan may be 
covered by BGK’s surety of up to 100 per cent. of the principal and interest, and if it is not possible to 
recover the claim under the surety, the surety provider may cancel the claim in whole or in part. Since 
18 December 2021, when the amendment of the act became effective, interest on student loans is 
floating and constitutes the sum of the lending institution’s margin and a 1.2 multiplied by the 
rediscount rate of the NBP, provided that the lending institution’s margin is fixed over the lending 
period and cannot exceed 2 percentage points. The Student Loan Fund is financed by the State 
Treasury. 
Since the launch of the student loan system, over 409 thousand students have obtained such loans. In 
2022, the Student Loan Fund disbursed PLN 23 million in interest subsidies for student loans, while 
student loans cancelled, either in whole or in part, amounted to PLN 2 million. 
In 2022, the Student Loan Fund received a state budget grant of PLN 28 million. PLN 0.2 million of 
this was unused in 2022, and was refunded to the Ministry of Education and Science in January 2023. 
The grant was sufficient to ensure ongoing and timely provision of subsidies in 2022.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Student Loan Fund cannot be financed by the issuance of 
debt securities. 
Medical Studies Loan Fund 
The Medical Studies Loan Fund was set up under the Act of 17 November 2021 Amending the Higher 
Education and Science Law and Certain Other Acts. The fund has the following goals: 
• 
increasing the availability of medical studies; 
• 
reducing the number of health professionals migrating abroad; and 
• 
increasing the number of specialists through a system of preferential loans for paid medical 
studies programmes in the Polish language. 
Students can benefit from subsidies for interest on loans for medical studies, sureties of those loans 
provided by BGK, and partial or full forgiveness of loans for medical studies. 
Loans covered by the Medical Studies Loan Fund are serviced by Bank Pekao SA based on the 
agreement dated 13 July 2022. By 31 December 2022, 1.7 thousand loan agreements with a total 
value of PLN 314 million were concluded. 
In 2022, the Medical Studies Loan Fund received a grant from the Ministry of Health in the total 
amount of PLN 1 million. From the funds of the grant, interest subsidies on loans for medical studies 
in the total amount of PLN 0.5 million were paid. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Medical Studies Loan Fund cannot be financed by the 
issuance of debt securities. 
Ecological Surety and Guarantee Fund 
The Ecological Surety and Guarantee Fund operates on the basis of the Act of 28 October 2020 on 
Amending the Act on Supporting Thermomodernisation and Renovations and Certain Other Acts and 
under the rules set forth in the Act of 27 April 2001 - Environmental Protection Law. The Ecological 
Surety and Guarantee Fund was established in BGK on 1 January 2021. 
The key objective of the Ecological Surety and Guarantee Fund is to expand the instruments of 
influence of the “Clean Air” governmental intervention programme managed by the National Fund for 
Environmental Protection and Water Management and is to be implemented by 16 local 
environmental protection and water management funds. The programme aims to increase the energy 
efficiency of single-family residential buildings and reduce emissions of dust and other pollutants into 
the atmosphere from single-family residential buildings by replacing old, inefficient solid fuel heating 
equipment and carrying out thermal upgrades of these buildings. 
The operation of the Fund is related to the implementation of the governmental “Clean Air Guarantee 
Program” with the use of BGK guarantees. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Ecological Surety and Guarantee Fund cannot be financed 
by the issuance of debt securities. 
In 2022, 1,446 guarantees in the total amount of PLN 55 million were granted under the Ecological 
Surety and Guarantee Fund. 
Government Road Development Fund 
Since 1 January 2023, BGK has also operated a Government Road Development Fund, which was 
established as a result of the transformation of the state special-purpose fund into a flow fund under 
the Act of 5 August 2022 amending the Act on the Government Road Development Fund and certain 
other laws. The purpose of the fund is to support local government units in improving traffic safety

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
and technical parameters of the local road network, as well as improving and increasing the 
attractiveness and accessibility of investment areas. The fund can be used to subsidize: 
• 
construction, reconstruction and repair of district roads and municipal roads; 
• 
construction of bridges located along provincial, district and municipal roads; 
• 
construction of bypasses located along provincial roads; 
• 
construction, reconstruction or repair of access to intermodal terminals or construction, 
reconstruction or repair of access to special economic zones; 
• 
pedestrian roads, bicycle paths, pedestrian crossings, bicycle crossings, bus stop platforms 
and access to these platforms on district and municipal roads and on provincial roads; and 
• 
construction, reconstruction or repair of accesses to intermodal terminals or construction, 
reconstruction or repair of accesses to special economic zones. 
The fund may also finance construction, reconstruction and repair of provincial, county and municipal 
roads of defence significance.  
As of the date of this Offering Circular, Government Road Development Fund cannot be financed by 
the issuance of debt securities. 
Operations of Group Entities 
The Group’s operations include in particular: 
• 
equity investment operation; 
• 
reindustrialisation and infrastructure project financing; 
• 
foreign expansion financing; 
• 
Three Seas Initiative Investment Fund activities; 
• 
financing of new technologies; 
• 
other operations of BGK’s associates. 
Equity investment operations are carried out by investment funds, either directly or indirectly through 
other entities such as special purpose vehicles.  
Activities in the area of reindustrialisation and infrastructure project financing are managed by PFR 
TFI S.A., a company owned by Polski Fundusz Rozwoju S.A. (Polish Development Fund). In order to 
support the foreign expansion of Polish businesses, the dedicated investment fund is managed directly 
by PFR TFI S.A. In addition, the Bank holds shares in KUKE S.A., with which the Bank cooperates 
on the implementation of a government export support programme and on securing debt financing 
transactions as part of foreign trade. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group entities responsible for equity investment activities included 
Fundusz Ekspansji Zagranicznej FIZ AN and vehicles for investment expansion in the high-
technology sector established in 2021, namely, a Manager of Alternative Investment Companies 
(Vinci S.A.) and alternative investment companies (Vinci S.A. HiTech ASI S.K.A. and Vinci S.A. IQ 
ASI S.K.A.). 
PFR Fundusz Inwestycyjny FIZ AN is a fund established to support investments made by entities 
whose activity is closely connected with the Polish economy. The Fund specialises in manufacturing 
companies and companies providing services to the industrial sector. Its investment strategy stipulates

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
that the fund will finance the investments of entities with the majority of their production capacity or 
revenue sources located in the territory of Poland.  
PFR Fundusz Inwestycyjny FIZ AN also finances investments in the following sectors: fuel and 
energy, chemical products and raw materials, consumer goods, trade and services, healthcare, 
industrial and construction and assembly production, technology, media and telecommunications, 
infrastructure projects. Financing can be provided either as equity or debt financing and can be used to 
finance new assets or modernise existing assets. The fund focuses its investments in Poland, but may 
also finance cross-border projects.  
The issue price of investment certificates held by BGK as at 31 December 2022 was PLN 1,910 
million (fully paid). 
The Group supports foreign expansion of Polish businesses through Fundusz Ekspansji Zagranicznej 
FIZ AN managed by PFR TFI S.A. The fund invests jointly with Polish partners in projects related to 
the establishment of new or acquisition of existing companies outside the borders of Poland. The fund 
does not have a narrow sector focus. 
The fund seeks to achieve its investment objective mainly by purchasing and subscribing for shares 
and debt securities issued by project companies, advancing loans to project companies as well as 
providing sureties and guarantees at the request of project companies. 
As at 31 December 2022, the total issue price of Fundusz Ekspansji Zagranicznej FIZ AN certificates 
amounted to PLN 394 million. 
By establishing three subsidiaries, Vinci S.A. (Manager of Alternative Investment Companies), Vinci 
S.A. HiTech ASI S.K.A. and Vinci S.A. IQ ASI S.K.A. BGK expanded the scope of its activities in 
high-technology sectors. 
Vinci S.A. HiTech ASI S.K.A. was established with the purpose of investing in Polish businesses in 
the advanced technologies sector, including the automotive, biotechnology, power generation, space, 
and ICT industries, as well as industry 4.0. The new investment vehicle’s mission is to make 
investments that fill the identified gap in financing of innovative projects in Poland, in particular those 
classified between venture capital and private equity. Investments in portfolio companies are made 
using equity instruments (such as shares, contributions to partnerships and derivatives) and by 
providing financing based on debt instruments, including bonds, convertible bonds or loans. 
Vinci S.A. IQ ASI S.K.A. is a new entity searching for innovative Polish research projects. The 
company operates as an early stage investment fund focused on advanced science or technological 
projects or projects with patent capacity or commercialization potential.  
The Group’s equity-accounted associates include KUKE S.A., which cooperates with the Bank to 
carry out activities aimed at supporting exports and foreign expansion of Polish businesses, 13 
companies providing sureties (surety funds), 11 of which are classified as associates, and Krajowa 
Grupa Poręczeniowa sp. z o.o.  
IT and operations 
The Group’s IT systems support remote banking channels, product management, accounting, IT and 
HR support. The IT infrastructure meets market standards and is protected with a regularly tested 
business continuity solution (including a remote facility), data backup procedures, off-site data 
storage and sophisticated cyber-crime prevention software. Additionally, BGK constantly monitors 
the compliance of its IT systems with the relevant recommendations of the KNF. 
In 2021, the IT System Upgrade Programme was launched to modernise key systems in the IT 
infrastructure and to reduce technological debt, which will enhance the effectiveness of supported 
business processes, enable their automation and ensure faster adjustment to the changing needs of

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
BGK’s stakeholders. The programme envisages modernisation of the central system DefBank and 
migration of processes onto a new platform Ferryt Enterprise and is scheduled to complete in 2024. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the technological implementation of the Payment Platform is 
ongoing. The new Payment Platform is expected to centralise and automate payment settlements in a 
single IT solution by taking over functionalities of the existing systems. In continuation of the project, 
production deployment of settlement channels SORBNET2, TARGET2, and SWIFT is ongoing.  The 
deployment for SORBNET2 was completed in 2022 and the deployment for other settlement channels 
are expected to be completed in 2023. 
In the second half of 2021, the Electronic Channel Platform project was launched with a view to 
implementing solutions supporting electronic channels of communication with the Bank through web 
services and implementing an online banking system (BE) that will replace bgk24. The 
implementation of web services will enable automation of customer service and improve the customer 
experience, while ensuring cost-effective development. Implementation of the new Electronic 
Channels Platform will take place in stages - web services will be available in the second quarter of 
2023 and electronic banking in the third quarter of 2023.  
Real properties 
BGK’s owns or leases various real estate properties. The main properties include its headquarters and 
branch offices in Poland and office space at ul. Chmielna 73, 00-801 Warsaw, Poland. BGK also 
leases office space in Brussels and Frankfurt.  
Material agreements 
There are no material agreements executed by the Group that are not entered into in the ordinary 
course of the Group’s business, which could result in any entity in the Group being under an 
obligation or entitlement that is material to BGK’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, BGK and the Group do not depend on any industry, trade or 
financial agreements. 
Legal proceedings 
To the best of BGK’s knowledge, as at 31 December 2022, it was a party to 135 court cases in which 
it acted as the plaintiff and 44 in which it acted as the defendant. No individual case’s value exceeds 5 
per cent. of BGK’s equity. As at 31 December 2022, the value of the Group’s provisions for litigation 
and legal risks was PLN 37 million. BGK does not establish provisions associated with the risk of 
losing a lawsuit when the probability of losing such lawsuit is less than 50 per cent. 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had 2,022 employees (full-time equivalents) compared to 1,885 
employees (full-time equivalents) as at 31 December 2021 and 1,859 employees (full-time equivalent) 
as at 31 December 2020.  
BGK’s remuneration policy is consistent with its strategy, values and acceptable risk. The 
remuneration policy meets Polish legal requirements, compliance principles, is gender neutral, and 
complies with external guidelines and regulations which BGK is obliged to follow. The policy 
supports the implementation of the Bank’s business and risk management strategy and limits conflicts 
of interests at BGK. It does not encourage the taking of excessive risk exceeding the general risk 
levels approved by the Supervisory Board, and it supports BGK’s ESG goals. 
The primary internal regulation in the area of the remuneration policy applicable to BGK employees 
is the “Remuneration Rules for Employees of Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego”, which sets out the 
terms of employee remuneration, including rules of award and payment of variable remuneration, and 
award of other work-related benefits. The bonus scheme applied at BGK supports its strategy through

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
rewarding employees for meeting their targets. The disbursement of funds as part of the annual bonus 
is conditional on BGK recording a net profit for the year for which the bonus is to be paid and its 
amount is determined based on an assessment of employees and their performance against individual 
targets. 
The principles that govern the remuneration of persons serving as members of the Management Board 
are based on the Act on Rules of Remunerating Persons Who Manage Certain Companies of 9 June 
2016 and the Declaration of the Minister of Finance of 14 October 2016 on rules for specifying the 
remuneration of the Members of the Management Board of BGK. 
Sustainable development 
Sustainable development is one of the core drivers of BGK’s strategy for 2021–2025.  
BGK aims to promote socio-economic development in a manner which creates better living 
conditions for future generations. In order to achieve this goal, BGK undertakes several initiatives. In 
particular, BGK is striving to raise sustainable development awareness among its employees so that 
they can most effectively develop and use their competencies in support of BGK’s mission. 
Taking into account BGK’s unique role in the market as the state development bank, BGK has aligned 
its internal regulations and processes with the requirements of national and EU regulators and market 
best practices in respect of environment, social and governance issues.  
BGK is continuously developing its approach to ESG risk management and evaluating its 
counterparties and partners in this area. In 2022, BGK continued to implement the Sustainable 
Development Project, which was formally completed in the first quarter of 2023. The Sustainable 
Development Project covered activities related to, among other things, communication activities 
addressed to BGK’s employees, guidelines for internal policies and strategies and ESG guidelines for 
the assessment and classification of transactions. The project team developed processes for ESG risk 
disclosures as well as for collecting and reporting ESG data.  
Moreover, the ESG Committee has been functioning at BGK since 1 January 2023, with a Chief ESG 
Officer being a member of the Board of Directors, and the committee also includes members 
responsible for individual areas of environmental, social and corporate governance. At the beginning 
of 2023, BGK also implemented comprehensive ESG Risk Management Principles, including detailed 
solutions in the area of non-financial data acquisition and ESG risk assessment of each financing.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Overview 
BGK’s risk management system is organised on three independent levels. The first level comprises 
the management of risk at the day-to-day operational level. The second level comprises the 
compliance function and risk management by employees in positions or organisational units 
established specifically for that purpose, and is independent of risk management under the first level. 
The third level comprises operations carried out by BGK’s internal audit department. 
The objective of risk management is to maintain the stability and security of operations, as well as a 
high quality of assets, and to achieve the anticipated financial results at an acceptable risk level. 
The risk management system is based on: 
• 
the strategy for risk management, which has been approved by BGK’s Supervisory Board; 
• 
the capital management and internal capital assessment policy, which has been approved by 
BGK’s Supervisory Board; 
• 
risk management policies, principles and procedures related to risk identification, 
measurement or assessment, monitoring, control and reporting, developed in written form and 
approved by BGK’s Supervisory Board or Management Board; 
• 
internal regulations on risk management approved by relevant committees appointed by 
BGK’s Management Board; and ethical rules, principles of selection, remuneration and 
monitoring of employees performing crucial functions for BGK and the policy governing 
variable remuneration components of persons holding managerial positions endorsed by 
BGK’s Supervisory Board or Management Board. 
The risk management system at BGK has the following tasks: 
• 
risk identification, which comprises the determination of risk types, their sources (risk 
factors) and areas exposed to a given type of risk related to products, projects, processes, 
procedures and Business Model programmes; 
• 
risk measurement/assessment, which comprises the determination and enforcement of risk 
quantification methods and stress test performance; 
• 
risk control, which comprises the determination and enforcement of risk control mechanisms 
(including a limit system, ensuring independence between first-level risk management and 
second-level risk management, insurance, risk transfer, financing plans); 
• 
risk monitoring, which comprises the monitoring of risk levels, review of the relevance and 
accuracy of the applied risk assessment methods and the evaluation of the efficiency of the 
tools used; and 
• 
risk reporting, which comprises providing information on the risk profile, identification of 
possible threats, and providing information on the measures adopted. 
BGK’s strategy for risk management covers all identified risks to which BGK is exposed in its 
activities. The strategy also defines the general acceptable level of risk, whereas the acceptable risk 
level in relation to specific risks is specified in risk management policies applicable to those risks. 
The strategy also sets out the principles of risk culture. Through its actions and conduct, BGK’s 
Management Board promotes the awareness of the relevance of risk in BGK’s operations, the 
principles of assuming risk and its management (risk culture). These practices are then cascaded down 
through BGK’s organisational structure.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
For details of the Group’s management process please see: Note 44 Risk management at the Group 
and Note 45 Credit risk management to 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements.  
Organisation of the credit risk management process 
To identify credit risk and mitigate it to an acceptable level, and to continuously control the 
effectiveness of its actions, BGK uses a credit risk management process that comprises risk 
identification, measurement or assessment, monitoring, control (including mitigation) and reporting, 
together with an assessment of the efficiency of the adopted risk mitigation measures. 
Credit risk management is carried out regarding: 
• 
customer risk, accounting for individual credit exposures; 
• 
loan portfolio risk; and 
• 
credit risk and concentration risk related to the activities of subsidiaries. 
BGK identifies and assesses existing credit risk based on: 
• 
the implementation of internal procedures enabling the assessment of creditworthiness for 
individual borrowers and the classification of credit exposures into relevant risk groups; 
• 
the results of control and monitoring measures taken with regard to assets managed by the 
organisational units of BGK. 
In the credit risk management process, BGK applies a prudential approach. Key characteristics of the 
current risk management system are: 
• 
separation of sales functions from client risk assessment at both the regional and head office 
levels of BGK; 
• 
conducting a comprehensive individual credit risk assessment for all customers and 
transactions, so as to assign them to a specific credit risk category; 
• 
the application of expert and statistical methods for measuring credit risk arising from 
transaction and customer risk, supporting the estimation of the probability of default and the 
amount of loss in the event of a default; 
• 
a system for measuring portfolio risk by assessing its concentration by industry, sector, type 
of product and borrower; 
• 
a system of decision-making competencies; 
• 
regular verification of the risk of past transactions, including changes in the financial 
condition of borrowers and in BGK’s environment; 
• 
diversification of industries sectors, types of products and borrowers, within the resource 
exposure limits set out by BGK; 
• 
determination of impairment allowances on credit exposures; 
• 
analysis and verification of valuation principles related to loan collateral; and 
• 
a system for monitoring exposures and related collateral, thereby allowing threats to be 
identified early. 
The system of limits constitutes one of the credit risk management tools at BGK. Limits are 
established at both operational and strategic levels in line with the relevant responsibilities.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
The following limit groups are used for credit risk: 
• 
industry limits reflecting the risk inherent in the customer’s core business; 
• 
objective limits, resulting from the risk related to the purpose of a loan; 
• 
subjective limits, defined depending on the customer type; and 
• 
product limits. 
Since 1 January 2018 impairment allowances at BGK have been recognised in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standard 9 (Financial Instruments) (“IFRS 9”). IFRS 9 provides for 
the calculation of impairment allowances based on expected credit losses and taking into account 
forecasts and expected future economic conditions in light of the credit risk exposure assessment. 
In the assessment of expected credit losses, a broad range of information is taken into account, 
including historical and current data and information on future economic conditions expected by 
BGK’s unit in charge of macroeconomic forecasts. The impairment model that is compliant with 
IFRS 9 is based on a division of exposures into stages, depending on the changes in credit quality 
relative to the initial recognition in accounting records. The manner of calculating an impairment loss 
depends on the stage: 
Stage 
Criterion for classification 
(stages) 
Manner of calculating an 
impairment loss 
Stage 1 
Exposures for which, from the 
initial 
recognition 
until 
the 
reporting 
date, 
no 
significant 
increase 
in 
credit 
risk 
was 
identified and with no impairment. 
12-month expected credit loss. 
Stage 2 
Exposures for which, from the 
initial 
recognition 
until 
the 
reporting 
date, 
a 
significant 
increase 
in 
credit 
risk 
was 
identified and with no impairment. 
Lifetime expected credit losses. 
Stage 3 (NPL) 
Impaired exposures. 
Lifetime expected credit losses. 
POCI (NPL) 
Exposures 
impaired 
at 
initial 
recognition. 
Lifetime expected credit losses. 
Organisation of key credit and concertation risks 
Credit risk constitutes one of the most important risk types to which BGK is exposed in its operations. 
It is defined as a threat of a borrower’s default under an agreement, i.e. a failure to repay or partial 
repayment of receivables under credit exposure along with BGK’s remuneration within time limits 
defined in the agreement. 
BGK mitigates credit risk at the micro level by assessing and monitoring individual customers and 
transactions, and at the macro level (for the entire portfolio) by establishing limits for individual 
segments and products. 
BGK also uses stress tests to identify potential threats to its loan portfolio. One of the elements of 
stress testing is testing clients in industries with particular exposure to risks related to ESG factors. To 
that end, BGK separates clients from sectors most exposed to ESG factors. These sectors primarily 
include power generation, heat generation, fuel and gas, chemicals, air transport, rail transport, public 
transport, manufacturing and extraction.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
Concentration risk 
The risk of exposure concentration is an important aspect of credit risk. BGK has adopted appropriate 
internal rules and procedures applicable to exposure concentration, with a particular focus on large 
exposures to individual customers and related customer groups. Portfolio concentration is monitored 
at the level of individual borrowers, entities with equity or organisational relationships, and industries. 
The exposure concentration policies address different areas of BGK’s operations (not only lending but 
also investing activities or money market transactions). 
Risk of partial or total default 
Default occurs when a customer fails to meet the contractual repayment deadlines or fails to make any 
payment whatsoever. The materialisation of that risk is associated with an increase in costs by 
generating loss allowances, which in the case of total non-payment turn into a loss incurred. 
BGK mitigates default risk by: 
• 
assessing a customer’s credit rating based on financial models, including predictive models 
based on whether the customer is assigned a credit rating which is adequate to the level of 
associated risk; and 
• 
periodically monitoring a customer’s economic and financial situation. 
Collateral risk 
Collateral risk occurs when the collateral of a credit exposure is inadequate to the financing granted or 
when the value of the collateral fluctuates significantly. 
Collateral risk is mitigated by: 
• 
the collateral policy adopted by a resolution of the Management Board, which sets the 
collateral adequacy criteria for a particular type of exposure, customer and collateral; and 
• 
monitoring the value of collateral, in particular mortgages, through the periodic verification of 
property valuations and stress tests, including simulations of changes in the value of 
collaterals. 
Interest rate risk and foreign exchange risk  
Interest rate risk and foreign exchange risk are associated directly with default risk, because the 
materialisation of either of these risks considerably increases the probability of default. These risks 
can result in increased payments due from a customer due to an increase in interest rates or an adverse 
change in currency exchange rates, which results in higher debt service costs. 
BGK mitigates interest rate risk and foreign exchange risk by: 
• 
applying appropriate procedures for financing in foreign currencies, in particular when 
verifying the source of funds for repayment of BGK’s receivables; 
• 
performing stress tests, including simulations of interest rate and foreign exchange rate 
fluctuations and their impact on the customers’ creditworthiness. 
Organisation of the financial risk management process 
BGK’s system of financial risk measurement includes, in particular, the following approaches and 
instruments: 
• 
liquidity ratios, liquidity gap analysis, fund stability analyses and daily monitoring of the 
deposit base – applied in relation to the liquidity risk;

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
• 
measures of position volumes (such as foreign exchange position, interest rate gap) – applied 
to foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk; 
• 
measures of sensitivity used for detailed analyses (BPV, duration, sensitivity of net interest 
income to fluctuations in interest rates, sensitivity of the economic value) – applied to interest 
rate risk; 
• 
Value at Risk (VaR, Expected Shortfall) – applied to market risk; 
• 
capital adequacy ratios – ratios related to the external regulations, determining the adjustment 
of own funds to the level and nature of risks of BGK, taking into account among others, the 
size and structure of risk-weighted assets; 
• 
leverage ratios – applied to excessive leverage risk; and 
• 
stress tests – applied to the financial risk. 
One of the key mechanisms of financial risk management at BGK is the system of limits. BGK uses 
the following limits: 
• 
for liquidity risk, limits include strategic limits, threshold values and analysis thresholds for 
liquidity ratios, which are a group of early warning indicators; 
• 
for interest rate risk, limits include strategic limits and thresholds for sensitivity measures, 
position limits and loss limits; 
• 
for foreign exchange risk, limits include position limits and loss limits; 
• 
for capital adequacy, limits include limits for capital adequacy ratios, including a strategic 
limit and capital limits for individual activity areas; 
• 
for leverage risk, limits include internal limits for leverage ratios, including a strategic limit. 
The risk monitoring process consists of periodic control of the abovementioned limits and in 
analysing their utilisation. Financial risk reports are submitted to the Bank Financial Committee, the 
Management Board, the Risk Committee and the Supervisory Board. Procedures also specify the rules 
to be followed in the event of an increased level of financial risk. 
Overview of key financial risks 
Liquidity risk  
Liquidity risk is a risk of losing the ability to pay liabilities as they fall due as a result of unfavourable 
changes in assets and liabilities and equity, off-balance-sheet transactions or the maturity mismatch of 
current cash flows, resulting in the need to incur unacceptable losses. 
The purpose of liquidity risk management is to: 
• 
ensure and maintain BGK’s ability to meet both current and planned future liabilities, 
including costs of liquidity and return on equity; 
• 
prevent stress conditions; and 
• 
define business continuity solutions for a potential crisis. 
Liquidity risk levels are presented in cyclical liquidity reports including, in particular, information on 
the utilisation of regulatory and internal liquidity limits, the stability of external funding and stress 
tests results as well as additional analyses concerning long-term liquidity. BGK controls the liquidity 
risk using a system of limits, including strategic limits, threshold values and analysis thresholds for 
liquidity ratios. The limit system covers current, short-term, medium-term and long-term liquidity. In

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
 
2022, BGK developed its liquidity risk management, including modifying the deposit base stability 
model and changing the calculation of liquidity risk measures. Moreover, the tools ensuring that the 
risk reporting process is more effective have been optimised. In 2022, the liquidity of BGK was at a 
safe level. Regulatory liquidity measures specified in Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (CRR), as well as internal liquidity 
limits were not breached. 
Regulatory liquidity measures: 
Item 
Limit 
As at 
31 December 
31 December  
 
Excluding cash flow funds 
(audited) 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2022 
2021 
2020 
LCR – liquidity 
coverage ratio ........ 100%1 
168% 
173% 
176% 
181% 
211% 
210% 
NSFR (Net 
Stable Funding 
Ratio) ..................... 100%1 
167% 
173% 
167% 
197% 
209% 
180% 
1The indicators are specified on an individual basis as the CRR does not require prudential consolidation. 
Source: BGK 
The change in the liquidity measures was mainly driven by an increase in long-term funding sources, 
an increase in the Bank's lending and an increase in off-balance sheet commitments granted. BGK did 
not observe any threat to its liquidity position due to the spread of the pandemic. Liquidity ratios 
remained safe amid a strong capital base, which demonstrates that the Bank is well prepared for crisis 
situations. 
The table below presents the liquidity buffer and total net cash outflows of BGK at the date: 
Item 
As at 
31 December 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(unaudited) 
 
(PLN million) 
Liquidity buffer ...............................
144,544 
158,505 
115,786 
Total net cash outflows ....................
86,242 
91,810 
65,941 
Source: BGK 
Market risk  
Market risk is defined as a risk of a possible drop in the value of BGK’s portfolio of financial 
instruments or its financial results as a consequence of unfavourable changes in market parameters 
(such as exchange rates, interest rates and prices of debt and equity instruments). The objectives of 
market risk management are:  
• 
for interest rate risk (including the risk of change in prices of debt securities), to reduce the 
risk of losing a part of the interest income or the risk of an unfavourable change in the market 
value of interest-bearing financial instruments held by the Bank as a result of changes in the 
market interest rates, by making relevant changes in the structure of the portfolio;

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
• 
for foreign exchange risk, to mitigate the risk of losses that may be incurred as a result of 
changes in market foreign exchange rates; 
• 
for equity price risk, to mitigate the risk of losses that may be incurred as a result of changes 
in prices of equity instruments.  
In 2022, BGK maintained acceptable levels of market risk and interest rate risk arising from the 
banking book, in accordance with the limits specified by the Supervisory Board (risk appetite).  
Interest rate risk 
The Bank operates a system of limits, which are subject to risk appetite levels which are determined 
by the Supervisory Board and the strategic limit set by BGK’s Management Board. The Bank 
monitors interest rate risk using:  
• 
economic value limit for the banking book; 
• 
basis point value (“BPV”) limits for the trading book and the banking book; 
• 
loss limits;  
• 
limits and thresholds for income risk in the banking book; and 
• 
regulatory limits for supervisory outlier test for the banking book, according to EBA 
Guidelines on the management of interest rate risk arising from non-trading book activities 
(EBA/GL/2018/02).  
The risk monitoring process primarily involves the regular review of risk levels and the analysis of the 
utilisation of limits and threshold values.  
Interest rate risk is measured using a number of metrics, including net present value (“NPV”), 
duration, measures that assess the sensitivity of financial instruments’ present value to changes in 
interest rates (such as BPV, and economic value of equity), net interest income sensitivity to changes 
in interest rates, repricing gap, value at risk (“VaR”), expected shortfall (ES), and stress tests 
measures. BGK also prepares lists of financial instruments using a given reference rate as a 
benchmark (basis risk) and monitors levels of termination of term deposits and loans prepayments 
(customer option risk). The Bank also estimates the credit spread risk in the banking book. The 
internal reporting system for interest rate risk includes, in particular, information on the utilisation of 
limits and the threshold values for interest rate risk, gains/losses on interest rate movements, measures 
such as VaR, ES, BPV, duration, modified duration, interest rate gap analyses, interest income 
sensitivity, sensitivity of the economic value, and results of stress tests.  
In 2022, interest income sensitivity to interest rate decreases in the banking book fell following an 
increase in interest rates on current accounts and sensitivity measures for the calculation of BPV 
decreased due to a lower duration of a portfolio of PLN-denominated treasury bonds.  
The following table sets out the Group’s key interest rate risk measures. 
Key interest rate risk measures:  
Item 
31 December 
2022 
2021 
2020 
(unaudited) 
(PLN million) 
BPV 
 
 
 
banking book ................................................................
(1) 
(2) 
(0.6)

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
Item 
31 December 
trading book .................................................................
- 
- 
- 
Net interest income sensitivity to changes in interest 
rates by: 
 
 
 
-2pp ..............................................................................
(335) 
(589) 
(180.1) 
+2pp .............................................................................
247 
193 
180.1 
VaR 1D 99%1 
 
 
 
banking book ................................................................
125.7 
38 
5.4 
trading book .................................................................
10.4 
7.8 
3.7 
1 VaR 1D 99% means the maximum potential loss in a value of a portfolio over a 1-day period for a 99% confidence interval in normal 
market conditions. 
Source: BGK 
Foreign exchange risk 
Foreign exchange risk is measured in accordance with applicable principles, including analyses of 
foreign exchange positions, VaR and foreign exchange gains or losses. The utilisation of internal 
limits is also monitored on an ongoing basis with respect to currency position and loss. 
Foreign exchange reports include, in particular, information on the utilisation of foreign exchange risk 
limits, performance, VaR and results of stress tests. 
BGK’s total foreign currency position as at 31 December 2022 stood at PLN 30 million, whereas the 
relevant VaR 1D 99% amounted to PLN 0.15 million. BGK’s total foreign currency position as at 31 
December 2021 stood at PLN 35 million, whereas the relevant VaR 1D 99% amounted to PLN 0.35 
million. BGK’s total foreign currency position as at 31 December 2020 stood at PLN 183 million, 
whereas the relevant VaR 1D 99% amounted to PLN 1.23 million.  
Equity price risk 
The VaR 1D 99% measure declined in 2022 due to the lower value of the equity portfolio compared 
to the previous year. The value of the equity portfolio decreased by PLN 367.8 million mainly due to 
a decline in the share price of PKO BP S.A. In addition, there was a decrease in exposure to mutual 
funds in 2022 relative to 2021 due to fewer investment certificates held as a result of redemptions. 
In 2021, BGK’s share portfolio value rose by PLN 400.8 million, following an increase in the price of 
PKO BP S.A. and PZU S.A. shares. In addition, in 2021 exposure to investment funds was lower, 
including as a result of sale of investment certificates of: Fundusz Sektora Mieszkań dla Rozwoju FIZ 
AN and Fundusz Sektora Mieszkań na Wynajem Fundusz Inwestycyjny FIZ AN.  
In 2021, the total value of investments in funds in which BGK continued to be an investor at 31 
December 2021 increased year on year. Risk is measured in accordance with applicable principles, 
mainly through analysing the equity instruments portfolio and VaR. As at 31 December 2021, VaR 
1D 99% for the share portfolio was PLN 65 million. As at 31 December 2020, VaR 1D 99% for the 
share portfolio was PLN 69.1 million. 
Organisation of the operational risk management process 
Operational risk is the risk of losses related to all major areas of operations pursued by BGK, 
including any new, existing and modified products, processes and systems, and is related to both 
internal factors (such as the organisational structure, business profile, IT systems used, customer 
profile, customer complaints, HR quality, organisational changes and employee turnover) and external 
factors (external environment of BGK). 
Operational risk management covers all regions/organisational units of BGK’s head office and all 
subsidiaries supervised by BGK’s head office, in line with the head office organisational rules and 
their responsibilities.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
The Bank manages operational risk through: 
• 
the use of an Operational Risk Coordinator; 
• 
a process-based approach to the assessment of operational risk (including the use of an 
operational risk map); 
• 
operational risk ratios (KRI); 
• 
a centralised database of all operational risk-related recommendations; 
• 
a methodology for assessing operational risk related to financial intermediaries; and 
• 
the assessment of risks related to projects and agreements. 
The purpose of operational risk measurement is to evaluate threats resulting from operational risks 
using predetermined risk measurements. Operational risk assessment includes: calculation of KRIs, 
calculation of the capital requirement using Basic Indicator Approach, stress tests, determination of 
internal capital, assessment of financial intermediary risk and assessment of risk related to projects 
and outsourcing agreements. 
Information on operational risk for BGK and its subsidiaries is reported on a regular basis to 
executive management, BGK’s Operational Risk and Internal Control Committee, BGK’s 
Management Board, BGK’s Supervisory Board and the Risk Committee. 
The Operational Risk and Internal Control Committee (ORC) functions at BGK as an opinion-
forming and decision-making body, assisting BGK’s Management Board in the oversight and control 
of operational risk, compliance risk, and the control function at BGK, as well as the assessment of the 
effectiveness of the risk management system. 
BGK’s business continuity management system for critical processes is regularly tested on an annual 
basis. The essential processes are identified in accordance with the new architecture of BGK.  
In 2022, operational risk did not increase, as BGK holds its operational risk profile constant, and the 
operational risk appetite is within normal limits. 
Overview of business risk 
Business risk is defined as the risk of failure to achieve assumed and required economic goals, in 
particular with respect to financial results, due to changes in the economic, social, legal, business and 
market environment, and failure to achieve business and social goals implemented by BGK in line 
with its mission and as part of tasks defined by the Polish government. Business risk involves 
strategic risk. 
The purpose of business risk management is to maintain at an acceptable level the potential negative 
financial impact of adverse changes in the business environment, adverse decisions, inadequate 
implementation of decisions or inadequate response to changes in the business environment. 
ESG risks 
ESG risk results from ESG risk factors that may have a negative impact (directly or indirectly) on 
BGK, its partners, investors in BGK’s bonds, BGK’s employees and its service providers.  
ESG risk consists of environmental risk (which covers physical risk and transition risk), social risk 
and corporate governance risk. ESG risk is a risk embedded in other risks, as well as a hybrid risk – it 
can be measurable or difficult to measure, depending on the nature of the risk in which it is 
embedded.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
ESG risk identification consists of identifying the sources of ESG risk, both current and potential, that 
arise from the ongoing and planned activities of BGK, its employees, business partners, or the 
discontinuation of activities that generate ESG risk. Sources of ESG risk can be internal (internal 
events, if they arise from Group’s organisation and activities) and external (external events, if they are 
beyond BGK’s control, such as those involving business partners, external environmental or social 
factors). 
ESG risk assessment involves a combined analysis of relevant environmental, social and corporate 
governance factors. As far as processes are concerned, ESG risk assessment is carried out in the 
lending and investment process, due to their significance in the implementation of BGK’s strategy. 
ESG risk assessment as part of the lending and investment process involves determining the level of 
risk related to business partners, financed activities or BGK’s equity investments.  
As part of ESG risk control, risk control mechanisms are applied, including a limit reflecting the size 
and the risk profile of BGK’s operations.  
Monitoring ESG risk size and profile after applying risk control mechanisms is carried out on the 
basis of information collected during credit monitoring, including the monitoring of project progress 
and investment; information collected during ongoing verification and testing; and results of stress 
tests.  
Risk reporting includes:  
• 
identification of potential threats; and 
• 
information about risk mitigation measures and assessment of their effectiveness.  
ESG risk is reported in:  
• 
ESG risk disclosures – including an annual qualitative report and a half year quantitative 
report presenting BGK’s ESG risk management methods and the size of the Bank’s exposure  
in the area of climate change risk analysis; 
• 
taxonomy report (internal report) – presenting the results of the analysis of the compliance of 
BGK’s portfolio with the taxonomy criteria; 
• 
ESG risk assessment report (internal report) – presenting the results of risk monitoring in the 
lending and investment process as well as monitoring the use of the strategic limit for ESG 
risk; 
• 
integrated annual report; and 
• 
stress test report. 
Other risks 
BGK also manages other risks, in particular compliance risk and reputation risk. It adopts similar 
principles as it does to manage operational risk, as well as model risk and risk of changes in 
macroeconomic conditions, in accordance with relevant internal procedures. Moreover, BGK 
manages leverage risk.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
MANAGEMENT AND GOVERNANCE 
Overview 
The corporate governance framework of BGK is defined by external legal acts, in particular, the Act 
on Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego of 14 March 2003, and the Articles of Association of Bank 
Gospodarstwa Krajowego, attached as an appendix to the Regulation of the Minister of Development 
of 16 September 2016 on the adoption of the Articles of Association of Bank Gospodarstwa 
Krajowego. 
BGK’s corporate bodies include: 
• 
the Management Board responsible for BGK’s day-to-day operations; and 
• 
the Supervisory Board, which oversees BGK’s activities. 
The Bank has no General Meeting. 
BGK’s Relationship with the State Treasury 
BGK is a Polish development bank and is controlled by the State Treasury. The State Treasury 
exercises control over BGK mainly through BGK’s Supervisory Board, which is composed of 
representatives of various parts of the government responsible for managing State Treasury matters, 
the economy, construction and housing, transportation and regional development. The chairperson 
and members of the Supervisory Board are appointed by the Prime Minister of the Republic of 
Poland. The Supervisory Board has broad powers, including the power to repeal the resolutions of 
BGK’s Management Board. 
Under the Act, the Minister of Finance is obliged to provide BGK with funds to facilitate the 
execution of BGK’s activities and funds to maintain its liquidity ratio. To enable BGK to raise 
additional funds, the Minister of Finance may issue, on behalf of the State Treasury, a guarantee 
covering the repayment of loans and credit lines granted to BGK and BGK’s liabilities under debt 
securities issued by BGK. 
The Supervisory Board decides on the distribution of BGK’s annual profit. The profit may, among 
others, be retained as reserve capital, paid to the state budget or used for other purposes specified by 
the Supervisory Board. 
Management Board 
The basis and the scope of functions of the Management Board are set out in the Act on Bank 
Gospodarstwa Krajowego, the Articles of Association of BGK, the Banking Law and the Rules of the 
BGK Management Board approved by a resolution of the Supervisory Board. The Management Board 
has the power to decide on any matters related to the management of BGK, except those which have 
been assigned to the Supervisory Board and President of the Management Board. 
The Management Board is responsible for managing BGK’s activities and its day-to-day operations. 
The head of the Management Board is the President of the Management Board. The President of the 
Management Board represents BGK externally, leads Management Board meetings and ensures the 
execution of Management Board resolutions. 
The Management Board members are appointed by the Prime Minister of the Republic of Poland for a 
five-year term from the candidates nominated by the ministers responsible for economy, financial 
institutions, transport, regional development, and public finance. The Supervisory Board may dismiss 
or suspend a Management Board member before the expiry of his/her term. It may also delegate one 
of its members to the Management Board. 
The Management Board consists of the following members:

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Beata Daszyńska-Muzyczka 
President of the Management Board 
Paweł Nierada 
First vice-president of the Management Board 
Radosław Kwiecień 
Member of the Management Board 
Tomasz Robaczyński 
Member of the Management Board 
Marek Tomczuk 
Member of the Management Board 
The business address of all Management Board members is Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego, 
Al. Jerozolimskie 7, 00-955 Warsaw, Poland. The correspondence address of BGK is VARSO 2, 
ul. Chmielna 73, 00-801 Warsaw, Poland. 
Beata Daszyńska-Muzyczka – President of the Management Board 
From 1994 to 2016 Beata Daszyńska-Muzyczka worked for Bank Zachodni WBK S.A. (a subsidiary 
of the Banco Santander group). She was responsible for the implementation of the bank’s most 
strategic projects, including the New Branch Model or electronic banking – “MiniBank24” -- as well 
as the optimisation and rationalisation of the bank’s processes. From 2005 she headed the Logistics 
and Real Estate Area of the bank and from 2008 became a member and subsequently the Chairwoman 
of the Supervisory Board of Bank Zachodni WBK Property. From 2012 she was in charge of the 
organisational culture transformation project named “Next Generation Bank” and she was appointed 
as head of the Human Resources Partnership Area of the bank. From 2015, as a member of the 
Management Board of Bank Zachodni WBK S.A., she headed the Business Partnership Division. 
In 2016, as the appointed President of the Management Board of BGK, Ms Daszyńska-Muzyczka 
launched a new BGK strategy, focusing on the implementation of actions planned in the governmental 
Strategy for Responsible Development of Poland. Since June 2019, she has been the chairwoman of 
the Supervisory Board of the 3SI Investment Fund, which is aimed at financing infrastructure needs in 
the Three Seas region to support integration and strengthen economic cohesion in the EU. 
Beata Daszyńska-Muzyczka holds a Master’s degree in corporate finance management and completed 
the Advance Leadership Programme at the ICAN Institute of the Harvard Business Review. She is an 
alumna of Cambridge University. 
Paweł Nierada – First vice-president of the Management Board 
Paweł Nierada has extensive experience in investment banking and the capital markets sector. He has 
carried out numerous projects in the area of public and private markets (IPOs, bond and share issues, 
market analysis), mergers and acquisitions, and has provided strategic advice to large corporate 
entities as well as advice on privatisation (to the Ministry of State Treasury and investors) in Poland 
and abroad. 
He is an expert on energy as well as energy strategy and security of the Sobieski Institute in Warsaw. 
Between 2007 and 2016 he was the Managing Partner at Rada Partners, a consulting firm in the field 
of strategic advice, capital markets and a holistic approach to company management. Between 2007 
and 2012, he was the President of the Management Board of Silkroute Securities (Polska) Sp. z o.o., 
between 2006 and 2007 he was a director at ERSTE Corporate Finance in Poland (part of the ERSTE 
Bank group), between 2003 and 2006 he was a director of the Financial Advisory Team at Deloitte, 
between 2000 and 2003 he held a managerial position at NM Rothschild Polska Sp. z o.o., and 
between 1997 and 2000 he was senior analyst in Natural Resources and the Global Power Team at 
Credit Suisse First Boston (Europe).

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
He speaks at numerous conferences in Poland and abroad and provides commentaries on capital 
markets as well as the fuel and energy sector for the media. He received the status of “approved 
person” awarded by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom. 
Paweł Nierada is a graduate of the Warsaw School of Economics (Faculty of Finance and Banking) 
and the University of Minnesota, Carlson School of Management. He has participated in a number of 
specialised courses on venture capital, corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions and capital 
markets. 
Radosław Kwiecień – Member of the Management Board 
Since March 2001, Radosław Kwiecień has held managerial positions in various areas at Bank 
Gospodarki Żywnościowej S.A. in Warsaw (currently BNP Paribas Bank Polska S.A.). From 2012 
until 2016, he was responsible for the bank’s operations as the Director of the National Operations 
Department. At that time, he was also a member of the Operating Risk Management and Bank 
Business Continuity Committee. 
He is a member of the Cash Transactions Team at the Polish Bank Association. 
Radosław Kwiecień is a graduate of the Economic Faculty of the University of Opole and 
postgraduate studies in controlling and capital investments at the WSB University in Poznań, in 
preparing and managing public-private partnership projects at the Warsaw School of Economics, as 
well as management studies at Koźmiński University. 
Tomasz Robaczyński – Member of the Management Board 
Since 1999, Tomasz Robaczyński has held various positions in the Ministry of Finance. Between 
2007 and 2018, he was Director of the Paying Authority Department at the Ministry of Finance, 
which manages EU funds and supervises co-financing from the budget. Before that, between 2004 
and 2007, he was in charge of one of the divisions within the department. From 2018 until joining 
BGK’s Management Board in 2020, he was an Undersecretary of State in the Ministry of Finance, 
responsible for supervising the state budget, utilisation of European Union funds and the funding of 
the state budget’s borrowing needs as well central and local government initiatives. 
He has authored and co-authored numerous publications on public finance. 
Mr Robaczyński is a lawyer who graduated from the Faculty of Law and Administration at the 
University of Warsaw. He also completed a non-degree course in art history at the Institute of Art 
History at the University of Warsaw. 
Marek Tomczuk – Member of the Supervisory Board 
He is a graduate of the Faculty of Economics and International Relations at the University of 
Economics in Krakow and the University of Rzeszów where he obtained a PhD in the field of Social 
Sciences, discipline of Economics and Finance. He completed the Leadership Academy program 
conducted by the ICAN Institute and Harvard Business Review. Marek Tomczuk started his 22-year 
professional career in the banking sector at Bank Handlowy w Warszawie S.A. (Citigroup), where in 
the area of Corporate Banking he was the Regional Sales Director for Transaction and Investment 
Banking, and later in the Retail Banking Division - Director of the CitiBusiness network. Then, as 
Director of the Small and Medium Enterprises Department at Kredyt Bank S.A. (KBC Group), he was 
responsible for building an independent business line and managing the sales network. Marek 
Tomczuk was also one of the managers preparing the merger of Kredyt Bank S.A. with Bank 
Zachodni WBK S.A. (Santander Group), where he took the position of Macroregion Director in the 
Retail Banking Division. At Raiffeisen Bank Polska S.A. (Raiffeisen Bank International AG Group), 
as the Managing Director, he was responsible for the Branch Network Management Department, 
Franchise and Brokerage Network Department. At the same time, he was a member of the 
Supervisory Board of Raiffeisen TFI and the President of the Management Board of Raiffeisen 
Financial Services Polska Sp. z o.o. Then, in 2017, he was appointed Vice-President of the

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
Management Board of Bank Pekao S.A. supervising the Retail Banking Division. He was the 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Biuro Informacji Kredytowej S.A., Pekao Direct Sp. z o.o., 
Dom Inwestycyjny Xelion Sp. z o.o., Centralny Dom Maklerski S.A., and a member of the 
Supervisory Board of Pekao Bank Hipoteczny S.A. Starting from 2021, Marek Tomczuk has worked 
at Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego as the Managing Director, where he was responsible for the 
Products and Financing Division. Since 2022, he has also been a member of the Supervisory Board of 
VINCI S.A. 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board exercises permanent supervision over the activities of BGK in all areas of its 
operations. It also approves BGK’s long-term development plans. The Supervisory Board’s approval 
is also required for BGK to issue debt securities. 
The Supervisory Board is appointed for a four-year term. Potential members of the BGK Supervisory 
Board must be approved by the Council for Companies with State Treasury Shareholding and State 
Legal Persons operating at the Chancellery of the Prime Minister of the Republic of Poland. The 
Chairperson of the Supervisory Board is appointed and removed from office by the President of the 
Council of Ministers at the request of the minister competent for the economy. The remaining 
members of the Supervisory Board are appointed and removed from office by the President of the 
Council of Ministers at the request of the competent ministers. A member of the Supervisory Board 
may not be a member of the Management Board. 
Meetings of the Supervisory Board are held when needed but at least once each quarter. Resolutions 
of the Supervisory Board are adopted by an absolute majority of votes in the presence of at least a half 
of its members, including the Chairperson or a Deputy Chairperson or a person designated to chair the 
meeting. Resolutions of the Supervisory Board are provided to the Management Board for 
implementation or for information purposes. 
The Supervisory Board has an Audit Committee, which consists of three to five members selected 
from the members of the Supervisory Board. The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the 
internal audit unit within BGK, monitoring the financial reporting process, the internal control and 
risk management systems and monitoring the external financial audits conducted at BGK. 
The Supervisory Board consists of the following members: 
Name 
Position 
Paweł Borys 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
Beata Gorajek 
Deputy Chairwoman of the Supervisory Board 
Magdalena Tarczewska-Szymańska 
Secretary of the Supervisory Board 
Zbigniew Krysiak 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Honorata Krysiewicz 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Wojciech Artur Maj 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Gertruda Uścińska  
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Adam Rudzewicz 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Jerzy Szmit 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Piotr Kieloch 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Michał Gajewski 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Kazimierz Kujda 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
The business address of all Supervisory Board members is: Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego, Al. 
Jerozolimskie 7, 00-955 Warsaw, Poland. The correspondence address of BGK is VARSO 2, ul. 
Chmielna 73, 00-801 Warsaw, Poland.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
Paweł Borys – Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
Since 2016, Paweł Borys has been the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of BGK. 
A graduate of the Finance and Banking Faculty of the Warsaw School of Economics, he specialises in 
international financial markets. He complements his professional work with theoretical research in the 
field of finance, banking and economics. From 2001 to and including 2005, he was an employee of 
the Warsaw School of Economics, where he conducted research on the theory of economic 
convergence and the relationship between the financial sector and economic development. He is the 
author of a number of publications and press articles on banking, investment, capital markets and the 
economy. He is authorised to sit on the supervisory boards of State Treasury companies. 
Since May 2016, Paweł Borys has been the President of the Management Board of PFR. As part of 
his role, he has implemented a reform of the system of Polish development institutions within the PFR 
group and the Employee Capital Plans program. Paweł Borys is responsible for the development and 
implementation of anti-crisis measures to counteract the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
including PFR’s Financial Shield. 
From 2010 to and including 2016, he was the Managing Director at Powszechna Kasa Oszczędności 
Bank Polski S.A. (“PKO BP”), responsible for the area of economic analysis, strategy and 
development of the capital group as well as investor relations. He participated in the development and 
implementation of two development strategies of PKO BP, modernised operating standards and 
image, implemented leading technological solutions in the area of payments and electronic banking, 
and organised the capital group. He also ran, among others, the successfully completed restructuring 
process of Kredobank in Ukraine, the implementation of a strategic alliance between the American 
payment company EVO Payments International and eService S.A., the acquisition and integration of 
Nordea Bank Polska S.A., and the implementation of a new insurance sales model at PKO BP. 
From 2005 to and including 2010, he co-founded a Polish company specialising in private equity and 
venture capital investments, acting as Vice President of the investment and advisory company AKJ 
Capital S.A. and the President of the Management Board of AKJ Investment TFI. Previously, in 2001, 
he was head of the Analysis Department, fund manager, and then director of the Investments 
Department at Deutsche Bank Group – Deutsche Asset Management and at DWS. Paweł Borys 
managed pension programmes for leading Polish financial institutions such as the NBP and the 
Warsaw Stock Exchange. He has twice received awards for the best investment results of funds on the 
Polish market. In 2000, Paweł Borys was the Chief Economist at the Erste Bank Group in Poland. He 
dealt with macroeconomic forecasts for the Polish economy and analyses of financial markets. 
Since 2018, Paweł Borys has been the Chairman of the Board of the Polish Economic Institute. In 
addition, he is a member of 18 supervisory boards of Polish and foreign entities, including three 
banks, an insurance company as well as mutual funds. 
Beata Gorajek – Deputy Chairwoman of the Supervisory Board 
Since 2017, Beata Gorajek has been a member of the Supervisory Board of BGK. 
She graduated from the Lublin University of Technology and the Higher School of Pedagogy in 
Kielce. She did postgraduate studies in banking, finance and human resource management. She also 
obtained an MBA degree. 
Beata Gorajek is the Chairwoman of the Centrum Produkcyjne Pneumatyki “Prema” S.A. Between 
2018 and 2019, she worked at the Polish Investment and Trade Agency as the Director of 
International Projects. In 2016, she started working for the Ministry of Development, where she 
headed the Department of Trade and Services, and then she was the General Director until 2018. 
From 2007 to 2014, she was the President and Vice President of the Lublin Trade Fair Management 
Board. She held managerial positions in ING Bank Śląski S.A. and Bank Zachodni WBK S.A. for 
many years.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
Zbigniew Krysiak – Member of the Supervisory Board 
Since 2019 Zbigniew Krysiak has been a member of the Supervisory Board of BGK. 
He has a Ph.D. and is an Associate Professor at the SGH Warsaw School of Economics. He graduated 
from the Warsaw University of Technology and Ecole Superieure de Commerce Toulouse. He holds 
an MBA degree. 
Since 2016 Zbigniew Krysiak has been an expert in the Tax System Department of the Ministry of 
Finance. Since 1999, he has worked as a researcher at SGH Warsaw School of Economics. In 2009-
2010 he was a member of the Management Board of BFG. From 2000 to 2003 and 2007 to 2009, he 
headed the Institute of Economics at the State Higher Vocational School in Ciechanów. From 2005 to 
2007, he worked as Managing Director and then as Advisor to the President of the Management 
Board of PKO BP. Zbigniew Krysiak was also a member of the Management Board of Inteligo 
Financial Services and AIG Bank Polska. In the 1990s, he was the Chief Financial Officer at Pepsi 
Cola General Bottlers Poland. 
Honorata Krysiewicz – Member of the Supervisory Board 
In July 2020, Honorata Krysiewicz was appointed to the Supervisory Board of BGK. 
She is a graduate of the University of Warsaw in the fields of journalism and social communication, 
as well as European studies. She also obtained an EMBA diploma. 
Since 2018, Honorata Krysiewicz has been working at the Chancellery of the Prime Minister of the 
Republic of Poland - currently as the Director of the Government Work Programming Department 
and the Secretary of the Government Work Programming Team. In 2017-2018, she was the Director 
of the Department of Sports Infrastructure at the Ministry of Sport and Tourism. From 2016 to 2017, 
she headed the Sports Unit at Opole City Hall. Moreover, in 2015-2016 she was the Chancellor for 
Public Relations Proxy and the Press Spokesman of the WSB University in Opole. Starting 2007, she 
spent over seven years dealing with public relations at Telewizja POLSAT. 
Honorata Krysiewicz is a member of the Supervisory Board of Lotos Asfalt sp. z o.o. She is also a 
member of the Social Sports Council at the Ministry of Sport and a member of the Economic Council 
at the main board of the Academic Sports Association. 
Wojciech Artur Maj – Member of the Supervisory Board 
Graduate of the Wrocław University of Technology, Master of Engineering in Automation and 
Robotics. He also obtained an Executive Master of Business Administration degree from Wrocław 
University of Economics and completed postgraduate studies in quality management at the Wrocław 
Technology Transfer Centre of the Wrocław University of Technology. 
Since 2020 Wojciech Maj has been the President of the Management Board of Wałbrzyskie Zakłady 
Koksownicze “Victoria” S.A. From 2018 to 2020 he was the President of the Management Board of 
Uzdrowiska Kłodzkie S.A. PGU Group. From 2002 to 2018 he gained professional experience in 
industrial companies such as AtlasCopco Polska Sp. z o.o., DeLaval Operations Sp. z o.o., Cooper 
Industries - EATON Group, GE Consumer and Industrial as well as Tafra Wrocław. 
From 2012 to 2013 he conducted his own business. 
Wojciech Maj was a member of the supervisory board of Galwanizer sp. z o.o. and Regionalne 
Towarzystwo Budownictwa Społecznego sp. z o.o., as well as a member of the City Council of 
Ząbkowice Śląskie and Chairman of the Independent Students’ Association of the Wrocław 
University of Technology. 
Adam Rudzewicz - Member of the Supervisory Board 
Since 2019, Adam Rudzewicz has been a member of the Supervisory Board of BGK.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
He has a PhD in social sciences from the University of Warmia and Mazury in Olsztyn. He also 
graduated from the University of Agriculture and Technology in Olsztyn. 
Since 1997 Adam Rudzewicz has been an assistant professor in the Department of Market Analysis 
and Marketing in the Faculty of Economic Sciences at the University of Warmia and Mazury. Since 
2017, he has sat on the Supervisory Board of GPW Benchmark S.A. From 2002 to 2016, he lectured 
at the University of Entrepreneurship and Management in Łódź, the University of Economy in 
Bydgoszcz and the University of Finance and Management in Białystok. Previously, he also 
cooperated with Towarzystwo Ubezpieczeń Compensa, PTE Norwich Union and Sopot Life 
Insurance Company Alte Leipziger Hestia. 
Adam Rudzewicz is also a member of the Management Board of the Polish Economic Society, 
Olsztyn branch. 
Jerzy Szmit – Member of the Supervisory Board 
Jerzy Szmit has been a member of the Supervisory Board of BGK since 2016. 
He is a graduate of the Agricultural and Technical Academy and the University of Warsaw. 
From January 2018 to June 2020, Jerzy has been a member of the Management Board for Technical 
Affairs at PKP Telkol sp. z o.o., part of the PKP Group. In 2015-2017, Jerzy Szmit was 
Undersecretary of State at the Ministry of Infrastructure and Construction, responsible for highways, 
roads, road transport and air transport. He was a member of the Polish Parliament from 2011 to 2015 
and a senator from 2005 to 2007. Between 1994 and 2011, he was a long-time councillor of the City 
Council of Olsztyn. From 1998 to 1999, he was the Marshal of the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship. 
Jerzy Szmit was also vice mayor of Olsztyn and General Director of the Voivodeship Office in 
Olsztyn. 
Magdalena Tarczewska-Szymańska – Secretary of the Supervisory Board 
Since 2018, Magdalena Tarczewska-Szymańska has been a member of the Supervisory Board of 
BGK. 
She is a graduate of the Warsaw School of Economics and European Studies at the National School of 
Public Administration. She also completed post-graduate studies in the field of consulting in the 
management of tangible investments. She obtained an EMBA degree and the ARGO Top Public 
Executive title. 
Since 2017, she has been the Director General of the Chancellery of the Prime Minister of the 
Republic of Poland. Since 2018, she has served as Chairwoman of the Supervisory Board of Poczta 
Polska S.A. During the period 2006 - 2017, she was the General Director of the Ministry of 
Development, the Ministry of the Environment and the Ministry of Regional Development. From 
2003 to 2006, she headed the Department of European Social Fund Implementation at the Ministry of 
Labour. Previously, she was a long-time employee of the Office of the Committee for European 
Integration. 
Gertruda Uścińska – Member of the Supervisory Board 
In January 2023, Gertruda Uścińska was appointed to the Supervisory Board of BGK.  
She is a graduate of University of Silesia in Katowice. She is a law professor at the University of 
Warsaw, expert and specialist in international law, social security law, labour law, coordination of 
social security systems and freedom of movement of persons in the European Union. 
Gertruda Uścińska is an academic lecturer at the University of Warsaw, Head of the Centre for Social 
Security Studies at the University of Warsaw, Professor at the Institute of Labour and Social Affairs. 
She is also the Chairperson of the Committee for Labour and Social Policy Studies at the Polish 
Academy of Sciences.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
 
Since 2016, she has been the President of the Social Insurance Institution (Zakład Ubezpieczeń 
Społecznych). Since 2020, she has been the Chairperson of the Pension Insurance Committee of the 
International Association of Social Security, based in Geneva (International Social Security 
Association), operating under the auspices of the International Labour Organisation (ILO). 
Gertruda Uścińska is the author of numerous publications on international and European social 
security law social security law, comparative social policy, public finance, public management, cost 
optimisation of state public policies. 
Piotr Kieloch – Member of the Supervisory Board 
In March 2023, Piotr Kieloch was appointed to the Supervisory Board of BGK.  
Piotr Kieloch graduated from the Faculty of Law at the University of Warsaw and of the Warsaw 
School of Economics with a major in Economic Analysis of Law. He also completed Postgraduate 
Studies in Competition Law at the Institute of Competition Law at the Institute of Legal Studies of the 
Polish Academy of Sciences and attorney training at the District Bar Association in Warsaw at the 
District Bar Council in Warsaw. He has been an advocate since 2015.  
In 2019, Piotr Kieloch obtained a restructuring advisor license. He is a partner in the law firm RESIST 
Rezanko Sitek Kancelaria Adwokatów i Radców Prawnych sp. p. and a member of the Management 
Board of RESIST Restrukturyzacje sp. z o.o. He has several years of experience in conducting 
projects on restructuring and bankruptcy projects of economic entities from various sectors of the 
economy, as well as strategic consulting and legal services for commercial companies. He serves as 
an attorney in commercial, civil and corporate disputes. He has also dealt with the management of 
debt portfolios, including through the coordination of activities related to the broadly understood 
protection of creditors' rights in connection with the insolvency of their debtors.  
Piotr Kieloch also provides training in business, restructuring and insolvency law. 
Michał Gajewski– Member of the Supervisory Board 
In March 2023, Michał Gajewski was appointed to the Supervisory Board of BGK. 
Michał Gajewski is legal counsel and a graduate in the field of law at the Faculty of Law and 
Administration of the University of Lodz. He also completed postgraduate studies at the Warsaw 
School of Economics in the field of “Business Insurance”. 
From 2007 – 2018, Michał Gajewski worked at UNIQA Towarzystwo Ubezpieczeń S.A. and UNIQA 
Towarzystwo Ubezpieczeń na Życie S.A. From 2015 to 2018, he was a member of the working group 
for the review of business insurance law at the Financial Market Development Council at the Ministry 
of Finance. Since 2016, he has been running his own law firm – “Kancelaria Radcy Prawnego Michał 
Gajewski”, and since 2019 he has also been the President of the Management Board of Cyber 
Assistance Sp. z o.o. 
Kazimierz Kujda– Member of the Supervisory Board 
In April 2023, Kazimierz Kujda was appointed to the Supervisory Board of BGK. 
Kazimierz Kujda holds a Ph.D. in technology and is a graduate of the Faculty of Electrical 
Engineering at the Warsaw University of Technology. He also obtained a master’s degree in 
economics at the Faculty of Production Economics of the Main School of Planning and Statistics. In 
1996 he obtained an MBA at the Management Education Centre at the Faculty of Management at the 
University of Warsaw. 
Since 2022, Kazimierz Kujda has been employed at the Minister's Office at the Ministry of State 
Assets. In 2022, he worked in the Minister's Office at the Ministry of Climate and Environment. In the 
years 2015 – 2019, 2005 – 2008 and 1998 – 2002 he was the President of the Management Board of 
the National Fund for Environmental Protection and Water Management, where he was also an expert

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
from 2002 to 2004. In the period from 2009 to 2015, he was a member of the Management Board of 
Słowo Niezależne sp. z o.o., and in the years 2008 – 2016 and 1995 – 1998 he was the President of 
the Management Board of Srebrna sp. z o.o. In the years 2004 – 2007 he was the rector of the Bogdan 
Jański University of Management and Entrepreneurship in Łomża, and in the period from 2004 to 
2005, the rector of the Bogdan Jański University in Warsaw. In the years 1993 – 1998 he was a 
member of the board of the Press Foundation “Solidarność”. Previously, Kazimierz Kujda was also 
employed at Polskie Sieci Elektroenergetyczne S.A., the Power and Lignite Community, the Warsaw 
University of Life Sciences and the Energy Information Technology Centre. 
Kazimierz Kujda was also a member of the Supervisory Board of Bank Ochrony Środowiska S.A. and 
Polskie Koleje Państwowe S.A., and since 2021 he has been the Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
of Polska Spółka Gazownictwa sp. z o.o. 
Conflict of interest 
BGK is aware of activities performed by the members of the Management Board and the Supervisory 
Board in the entities other than BGK. BGK does not consider these activities to be significant with 
respect to the Issuer. 
The President of the Bank’s Supervisory Board, Paweł Borys, is the Chairman of the Management 
Board of Polski Fundusz Rozwoju S.A. (“PFR”) and the Chairman of the Board of the Polish 
Economic Institute, Supervisory Board Deputy Chairwoman Beata Gorajek is the Chairman of the 
Centrum Produkcyjne Pneumatyki “Prema” S.A., Supervisory Board member Zbigniew Krysiak is a 
member of the Supervisory Board of Specjalna Strefa Ekonomiczna Starachowice S.A., Supervisory 
Board member Michał Gajewski is the President of the Management Board of Cyber Assistance Sp. z 
o.o., Supervisory Board member Kazimierz Kujda is the President of the Supervisory Board of Polska 
Spółka Gazownictwa Sp. z o.o. in Tarnów, Supervisory Board member Piotr Kieloch is the member 
of the Management Board at RESIST Restrukturyzacje sp. z o.o. and Vice-President of the 
Management Board of Foundation “Pomocy Ofiarom Błędów Medycznych”, Supervisory Board 
member Honorata Krysiewicz is a member of the Supervisory Board of Rafineria Gdańska Sp. z o.o., 
Supervisory Board member Adam Rudzewicz is a member of the Supervisory Board of GPW 
Benchmark S.A., member of the Foundation Board of Fundacja “Kormoran”, member of the 
Management Board of Polskie Towarzystwo Ekonomiczne Oddział w Olsztynie, Supervisory Board 
Secretary Magadalena Tarczewska-Szymańska is the President of the Supervisory Board of Poczta 
Polska S.A., and Supervisory Board member Wojciech Maj is the Chairman of the Management 
Board of Wałbrzyskie Zakłady Koksownicze “Victoria” S.A. 
 
Regarding all the above-mentioned members of BGK’s Supervisory Board, there is a risk of a 
potential conflict of interest if decisions regarding cooperation between the abovementioned entities 
and BGK are the subject of the Supervisory Board’s decisions and deliberations or if such entities are 
clients of BGK. Any potential conflict of interest is appropriately managed by BGK in accordance 
with BGK’s Code of Ethics, Conflict of Interest Policy and the Management Board and the 
Supervisory Board internal regulations. 
Other than the potential conflicts of interest described above, with respect to all the members of the 
Management Board and the Supervisory Board, there are no actual or potential conflicts of interest 
arising from their personal interests or duties and obligations towards BGK.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
BGK entered into a number of related party transactions that mainly involved granting loans, taking 
deposits and entering into repurchase agreements. All related party transactions were entered into on 
arm’s length terms. The tables below summarise the related party transactions entered into by the 
Group as at the dates and for the periods indicated: 
 
31 December 2022 
2022 
Entity 
Receivables 
Liabilities 
Financial and 
guarantee 
liabilities granted 
Interest income 
and commissions 
income 
Interest expenses 
and commissions 
expenses 
 
(audited) 
 
(in PLN million) 
Associates ...........
- 
262 
2,793 
- 
20 
Other units ..........
- 
12,206 
367 
- 
676 
Total ....................
- 
12,468 
3,160 
- 
696 
Source: BGK 
 
31 December 2021 
2021 
Entity 
Receivables 
Liabilities 
Financial and 
guarantee 
liabilities granted 
Interest income 
and commissions 
income 
Interest expenses 
and commissions 
expenses 
 
(audited) 
 
(in PLN million) 
Associates ...........
- 
306 
2,186 
- 
1 
Other units ..........
- 
4,984 
278 
- 
13 
Total ....................
- 
5,290 
2,464 
- 
14 
Source: BGK 
 
31 December 2020 
2020 
Entity 
Receivables 
Liabilities 
Financial and 
guarantee 
liabilities granted 
Interest income 
and commissions 
income 
Interest expenses 
and commissions 
expenses 
 
(audited) 
 
(in PLN million) 
Associates ...........
- 
963 
2,652 
- 
6 
Other units ..........
- 
1,291 
- 
- 
1 
Total ....................
- 
2,254 
2,652 
- 
7 
Source: BGK 
Detailed information on the transactions with the State Treasury and other related parties is included 
in Note 38 (Transactions with Related Entities) to the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
 
REGULATORY OVERVIEW 
BGK’s legal status 
BGK is regulated by the Act of 14 March 2003 on Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego and is subject to 
the Banking Law, with the exceptions provided for in the Act on Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego and 
the Articles of Association of Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego, attached as an appendix to the 
Regulation of the Minister of Development of 16 September 2016 on the adoption of the Articles of 
Association of Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego. The provisions of the Banking Law do not apply to 
BGK with regard to bankruptcy and recovery planning, among other things. 
With regard to regulations concerning corporate governance of BGK, please see the section 
“Management and governance” below. 
Specific legal requirements for banks 
Engaging in banking activities involves meeting multiple regulatory obligations, most of which follow 
directly from the provisions of the Banking Law, and from resolutions, ordinances and 
recommendations issued by the KNF. The most important of these obligations relate to banks’ own 
funds, total capital ratio, exposure concentration, risk management systems and financial management 
conducted by banks. 
Banks have a duty to protect banking secrecy. Regulations on personal data protection are particularly 
important for the functioning of banks in order to protect individual customers. Personal data may be 
processed exclusively in compliance with detailed regulations, using technical and organisational 
resources which ensure the protection of personal data against unauthorised processing, including 
making it available to third parties. 
Banks must also comply with regulations for the prevention of the use of the financial system for the 
purpose of money laundering and terrorist financing. 
Certain restrictions also apply if banks retain any third parties for the performance of banking 
activities for and on behalf of the bank or for the performance of any banking-related operations. 
BGK is not a subject of the deposit guarantee scheme under the Bank Guarantee Fund, regulated by 
the Act of 10 June 2016 on Bank Guarantee Fund, Deposit Guarantee Scheme and Compulsory 
Restructuring. 
Banking supervision exercised by the KNF 
In Poland, banking supervision is exercised by the KNF and covers in particular: 
• 
assessment of the financial position of banks, including their solvency, the quality of assets, 
liquidity and the financial results; 
• 
review of the quality of the bank management systems, including, in particular, the risk 
management system and internal control system; 
• 
assessment of the compliance of credit facilities, cash loans, letters of credit, bank guarantees 
and sureties granted, and of bank securities issued, with applicable regulations; 
• 
examination of collateral and timely repayment of credit facilities and cash loans; 
• 
examination and assessment of banks’ compliance with the exposure concentration limits and 
standards for the risk acceptable in banks' operations as determined by KNF; 
• 
estimating, maintaining and reviewing internal capital; and 
• 
assessment of the compliance of banks’ activities with the appropriate regulations.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
The KNF has wide powers and legal instruments which enable it to carry out supervision over banks, 
including the possibility to conduct inspections. 
Other supervisory authorities 
Some areas of banking operations are subject to the supervision of other public administration 
authorities, the most important of which are as follows: 
• 
the President of the Office for Protection of Competition and Consumers with respect to 
protecting market competition and consumers’ collective rights; 
• 
the President of the Personal Data Protection Office with respect to processing, personal data;  
• 
the minister responsible for financial institutions (as of the date of this Offering Circular, the 
Minister of Finance); and 
• 
the General Inspector for Financial Information with respect to the prevention of money 
laundering and financing of terrorism. 
Personal data protection 
In light of the large number of individuals serviced by banks, all the regulations concerning personal 
data protection are of particular importance to banking operations. Personal data may be processed 
exclusively in compliance with specific regulations, while applying technical and organisational 
measures that ensure the protection of personal data, particularly from disclosure to any unauthorised 
parties. Additionally, data subjects’ rights to access, rectification, erasure of personal data, restriction 
of the processing concerning the data subject, object to processing, the right to data portability and the 
right to withdraw consent at any time, where applicable, and the right to lodge a complaint with a 
supervisory authority should be ensured. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation, “GDPR”) entered into force on 24 
May 2016 and is applicable from 25 May 2018. It has imposed new obligations and guidelines on 
controllers and processors with regard to the processing of personal data. This means a significant 
change for companies in their approach to the security of data storage and the issue of making it 
available to processors or other controllers. 
The key challenges resulting from the GDPR result from: 
• 
a comprehensive definition of personal data, covering any information relating to an 
identified or identifiable natural person, including also special categories of personal data;  
• 
specific principles relating to processing of personal data and a set of lawful bases for 
personal data processing; 
• 
automated processing of personal data will be permitted under certain conditions; 
• 
considerably increased rights of the individuals in particular with respect to the right to 
access, rectification, erasure of personal data, restriction of the processing, data portability, 
objection to the processing, right to withdraw consent to data processing and right to lodge a 
complaint with a supervisory authority; 
• 
new obligations of data, controllers and processors related to security of data processing, 
including implementation of technical and organizational measures for ensuring the security 
of the processing; 
• 
new obligations regarding appointment of the data protection officer; and 
• 
administrative fines for non-compliance with the GDPR which can reach EUR 20 million or 4 
per cent. of an organisation’s annual worldwide turnover of the preceding financial year,

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
 
whichever is higher. Supervisory authorities may also take other enforcement actions, 
including the right to impose a limitation including a ban on processing or suspension of data 
flows to a recipient in a third country. Moreover, pursuant to the GDPR, individuals have the 
right to receive compensation from the controller or processor for the damage suffered in 
connection with violation of the GDPR. Further, Polish laws provide for criminal liability for 
unlawful personal data processing. 
Additional requirements regarding processing of personal data within the banking operations may 
derive from national laws, in particular with respect to the processing of employee personal and 
conducting various marketing activities. Polish laws may also provide for some more specific 
obligations, such as an obligation to conduct a DPIA in some specific circumstances or obligation to 
notify the appointment of a data protection officer to the supervisory authority.  
Cyber security 
BGK is a part of the National Cyber Security System governed by the Act of 5 July 2018 on National 
Cybersecurity System (“Cybersecurity Act”). The Cybersecurity Act aims to ensure cybersecurity at 
the national level, including the uninterrupted provision of critical and digital services, by achieving 
an adequate level of security for information systems used to provide these services and ensuring 
incident handling. The Cybersecurity Act imposes several obligations on BGK, in particular in 
relation to notification of cybersecurity incidents. 
Funds 
BGK operates the following cash flow funds regulated by separate acts: 
• 
the National Road Fund (Krajowy Fundusz Drogowy), regulated by the Act of 27 October 
1994 on toll highways and the National Road Fund; 
• 
the Railway Fund (Fundusz Kolejowy) regulated by the Act of 16 December 2005 on the 
Railway Fund; 
• 
the Inland Waterways Fund (Fundusz Żeglugi Śródlądowej) regulated by the Act of 31 July 
2019 on Financial Support of Inland Shipowners, the Inland Waterways Fund and the Reserve 
Fund; 
• 
the Subsidy Fund (Fundusz Dopłat) regulated by the Act of 5 December 2002 on interest 
subsidies for housing loans with a fixed interest rate; 
• 
the Student Loan Fund (Fundusz Kredytów Studenckich) regulated by the Act of 20 July 2018 
- Law on Higher Education and Science; 
• 
the Thermo-modernisation and Renovation Fund (Fundusz Termomodernizacji i Remontów) 
regulated by the Act of 21 November 2008 on supporting thermomodernisation and 
renovations and on the central register of building emissions; 
• 
the Borrower Support Fund (Fundusz Wsparcia Kredytobiorców) regulated by the Act of 9 
October 2015 on Support for Housing Loan Borrowers in a Difficult Financial Situation and 
certain other acts; 
• 
the National Guarantee Fund (Krajowy Fundusz Gwarancyjny) regulated by the Act of 8 May 
1997 on Sureties and Guarantees Granted by the State Treasury and Certain Legal Persons; 
• 
the Polish Science Fund (Fundusz Polskiej Nauki) regulated by the Act of 4 April 2019 on 
Supporting Scientific Activities from the Polish Science Fund; 
• 
the COVID-19 Response Fund (Fundusz Przeciwdziałania COVID-19) regulated by the Act 
of 31 March 2020 amending the act on special solutions related to the prevention,

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
 
counteracting and combating of COVID-19, other infectious diseases and the crisis situations 
caused by them and certain other domestic legislation; 
• 
the Liquidity Guarantee Fund (Fundusz Gwarancji Płynnościowych) regulated by the Act of 
31 March 2020 amending the act on special solutions related to the prevention, counteracting 
and combating of COVID-19, other infectious diseases and the crisis situations caused by 
them and certain other domestic legislation; 
• 
the Tourist Refund Fund (Turystyczny Fundusz Zwrotów) regulated by the amended Act of 2 
March 2020 on special solutions related to the prevention, counteracting and combating of 
COVID-19, other infectious diseases and crisis situations caused by them; 
• 
the Government Housing Development Fund (Rządowy Fundusz Rozwoju Mieszkalnictwa) 
regulated by the Act of 10 December 2020 on amending certain laws supporting housing 
development and the Act of 26 October 1995 on social forms of housing development; 
• 
the Ecological Surety and Guarantee Fund (Ekologiczny Fundusz Poręczeń i Gwarancji) 
regulated by the Act of 28 October 2020 on amending the Act on supporting 
thermomodernisation and renovations and certain other acts and the Act of 27 April 2001 – 
Environmental Protection Law; 
• 
the Medical Studies Loan Fund (Fundusz Kredytowania Studiów Medycznych) regulated by 
the Act of 17 November 2021 Amending the Higher Education and Science Law and Certain 
Other Acts; 
• 
the Government Housing Fund (Rządowy Fundusz Mieszkaniowy) regulated by the Act of 1 
October 2021 on Guaranteed Housing Loans; 
• 
the Aid Fund (Fundusz Pomocy) regulated by the Act of 12 March 2022 on support for 
citizens of Ukraine in connection with the armed conflict on the territory of that country; 
• 
the Crisis Guarantee Fund (Fundusz Gwarancji Kryzysowych) regulated by the Act of 12 
March 2022 on support for citizens of Ukraine in connection with the armed conflict on the 
territory of that country; and 
• 
the Armed Forces Support Fund (Fundusz Wsparcia Sił Zbrojnych) regulated by the 
Homeland Defence Act of 11 March 2022.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
Each Tranche of Guaranteed Notes will have the benefit of a Guarantee of the Notes. Notes other than 
Guaranteed Notes will not have the benefit of a Guarantee of the Notes. 
For information on the Guarantor, investors should refer to the following sections relating to the 
Guarantor contained in the Prospectus accompanying the Prospectus Supplement of the State 
Treasury of the Republic of Poland dated 28 March 2023: 
• 
About this Prospectus (pages i – ii); 
• 
The Republic of Poland (pages 2 – 16); 
• 
The Economy (pages 17 – 25); 
• 
Balance of Payments and Foreign Trade (pages 26 – 31); 
• 
Monetary and Financial System (pages 32 – 40); 
• 
Public Finance (pages 41 – 54); 
• 
Public Debt (pages 55 – 60); and 
• 
Total External Debt (pages 61 – 62).

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
Book-Entry Ownership 
Bearer Notes 
The Issuer may make applications to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for acceptance in 
their respective book-entry systems in respect of any Series of Bearer Notes. In respect of Bearer 
Notes, a Temporary Global Note and/or a Permanent Global Note in bearer form without coupons 
may be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an 
alternative clearing system as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, or with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an alternative clearing system if such 
Notes are held in NGN form. Transfers of interests in such Temporary Global Notes or Permanent 
Global Notes will be made in accordance with the normal Euromarket debt securities operating 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, if appropriate, the alternative clearing 
system.  
Payments of the principal of, and interest and other amounts on, any Global Note will be made to the 
common depositary or the common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system or its nominee as the bearer thereof. Neither the Issuer nor any 
Paying Agent or any Transfer Agent will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in a Global Note or 
for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.  
The Issuer expects that each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, upon receipt of any such payment in respect of a Global Note held by a common 
depositary or its nominee or a common safekeeper, will immediately credit participants' accounts with 
payments in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial interests in the principal amount of 
such Global Note as shown on the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system, as the case may be. The Issuer also expects that payments by participants to 
owners of beneficial interests in a Global Note held through such participants will be governed by 
standing instructions and customary practices, as is now the case with securities held for the accounts 
of customers registered in the names of nominees for such customers. Such payments will be the 
responsibility of such participants. 
Registered Notes 
The Issuer may make applications to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for acceptance in 
their respective book-entry systems in respect of the Registered Notes to be represented by an 
Unrestricted Global Registered Note or a Restricted Global Registered Note. Each Unrestricted 
Global Registered Note or a Restricted Global Registered Note deposited with a common depositary 
or a common safekeeper for, and registered in the name of, a nominee of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will have an ISIN and a Common Code. 
The Issuer, and a relevant U.S. agent appointed for such purpose that is an eligible DTC participant, 
may make application to DTC for acceptance in its book-entry settlement system of the Registered 
Notes represented by a Restricted Global Registered Note. Each such Restricted Global Registered 
Note will have a CUSIP number. Each Restricted Global Registered Note will be subject to 
restrictions on transfer contained in a legend appearing on the front of such Global Registered Note, 
as set out under “Transfer Restrictions”. In certain circumstances, as described below in “Transfers of 
Registered Notes”, transfers of interests in a Restricted Global Registered Note may be made as a 
result of which such legend may no longer be required. 
In the case of a Tranche of Registered Notes to be cleared through the facilities of DTC, the 
custodian, with whom the Restricted Global Registered Note is deposited, and DTC will electronically 
record the nominal amount of the Restricted Notes held within the DTC system. Investors may hold 
their beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Registered Note only through Clearstream,

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, if they are participants in such systems, or indirectly through organisations 
that are participants in such systems. Investors may hold their beneficial interests in a Restricted 
Global Registered Note directly through DTC if they are participants in the DTC system, or indirectly 
through organisations, which are participants in such system. 
Payments of the principal of, and interest on, each Restricted Global Registered Note registered in the 
name of DTC’s nominee will be to, or to the order of, its nominee as the registered owner of such 
Restricted Global Registered Note. The Issuer expects that the nominee, upon receipt of any such 
payment, will immediately credit DTC participants’ accounts with payments denominated in U.S. 
dollars in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial interests in the nominal amount of the 
relevant Restricted Global Registered Note as shown on the records of DTC or the nominee. The 
Issuer also expects that payments by DTC participants to owners of beneficial interests in such 
Restricted Global Registered Note held through such DTC participants will be governed by standing 
instructions and customary practices, as is now the case with securities held for the accounts of 
customers registered in the names of nominees for such customers. Such payments will be the 
responsibility of such DTC participants. Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent or any Transfer 
Agent will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating, to or payments 
made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in any Restricted Global Registered Note or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.  
Payments of the principal of, and interest and other amounts on, each Unrestricted Global Registered 
Note and each Restricted Global Registered Note deposited with a common depositary or a common 
safekeeper for, and registered in the name of, a nominee of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be made to the common depositary or common safekeeper (as the case may be) of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or its nominee as the registered owner thereof. Neither the 
Issuer nor any Paying Agent or any Transfer Agent will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in any 
such Unrestricted Global Registered Note or Restricted Global Registered Note or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. The Issuer 
expects that each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, upon receipt of any such payment in 
respect of any such Unrestricted Global Registered Note or Restricted Global Registered Note held by 
a common depositary or common safekeeper (as the case may be) or its nominee, will immediately 
credit participants' accounts with payments in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial 
interests in the principal amount of such Unrestricted Global Registered Note or Restricted Global 
Registered Note as shown on the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be. The Issuer also expects that payments by participants to owners of beneficial interests in an 
Unrestricted Global Registered Note or Restricted Global Registered Note held through such 
participants will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is now the case 
with securities held for the accounts of customers registered in the names of nominees for such 
customers. Such payments will be the responsibility of such participants. 
All Registered Notes will initially be in the form of an Unrestricted Global Registered Note and/or a 
Restricted Global Registered Note. Individual Note Certificates will only be available, in the case of 
Notes initially represented by an Unrestricted Global Registered Note, in amounts specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and, in the case of Notes initially represented by a Restricted Global 
Registered Note, in minimum amounts of U.S.$200,000 (or its equivalent rounded upwards as agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s)), or higher integral multiples of U.S.$1,000, in certain 
limited circumstances described below. 
Payments through DTC 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Restricted Global Registered Note 
registered in the name of a nominee of DTC will be made to the order of such nominee as the 
registered holder of such Note. Payments of principal and interest in a currency other than U.S. dollars 
in respect of Notes evidenced by a Restricted Global Registered Note registered in the name of a 
nominee of DTC will be made or procured to be made by the Exchange Agent in such currency in

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
 
accordance with the following provisions. The amounts in such currency payable by the Exchange 
Agent or its agent to DTC with respect to Notes held by DTC or its nominee will be received from the 
Company by the Fiscal Agent, who in turn will pay them to the Exchange Agent, who will make 
payments in such currency by wire transfer of same day funds to the designated bank account in such 
currency of those DTC participants entitled to receive the relevant payment who have made an 
irrevocable election to DTC, in the case of payments of interest, on or prior to the third business day 
in New York City after the record date for the relevant payment of interest and, in the case of 
payments of principal, at least 12 business days in New York City prior to the relevant payment date, 
to receive that payment in such currency. The Exchange Agent will convert amounts in such currency 
into U.S. dollars and deliver such U.S. dollar amount in same day funds to DTC for payment through 
its settlement system to those DTC participants entitled to receive the relevant payment who elect to 
receive such payment in U.S. dollars. The Agency Agreement sets out the manner in which such 
conversions are to be made and, in certain circumstances, Noteholders will be required to provide 
their payment details for such specified currency via their custodian or depositary. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
Transfers of interests in Global Registered Notes within Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
DTC will be in accordance with the usual rules and operating procedures of the relevant clearing 
system. The laws of some states in the United States require that certain persons take physical 
delivery in definitive form of securities. Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Restricted 
Global Registered Note to such persons may be limited. Because DTC can only act on behalf of 
participants, who in turn act on behalf of indirect participants, the ability of a person having an 
interest in a Restricted Global Registered Note to pledge such interest to persons or entities that do not 
participate in DTC, or otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, may be affected by the lack 
of a physical certificate in respect of such interest. 
Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Registered Note may only be held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. In the case of Registered Notes to be cleared through Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, transfers may be made at any time by a holder of an interest in 
an Unrestricted Global Registered Note to a transferee who wishes to take delivery of such interest 
through a Restricted Global Registered Note for the same Series of Notes provided that any such 
transfer made on or prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (as used in 
“Subscription and Sale”) relating to the Notes represented by such Unrestricted Global Registered 
Note will only be made upon receipt by the Registrar or any Transfer Agent of a written certificate 
from Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, (based on a written certificate from 
the transferor of such interest) to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person whom the 
transferor reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the 
United States. Any such transfer made thereafter of the Notes represented by such Unrestricted Global 
Registered Note will only be made upon request through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg by 
the holder of an interest in the Unrestricted Global Registered Note to the Fiscal Agent with details of 
the account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC to be credited with the relevant interest 
in the Restricted Global Registered Note. Transfers at any time by a holder of any interest in the 
Restricted Global Registered Note to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through an 
Unrestricted Global Registered Note will only be made upon delivery to the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent of a certificate setting forth compliance with the provisions of Regulation S and giving details 
of the account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and/or DTC to be 
credited and debited, respectively, with an interest in each relevant Global Registered Note. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described 
above and under “Transfer Restrictions”, cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one hand, and 
directly or indirectly through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders, on the other, 
will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken 
by the custodian, the Registrar and the Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants 
in DTC will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). The 
customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because 
there is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
on the other, transfers of interests in the relevant Global Registered Note will be effected through the 
Fiscal Agent, the custodian, the Registrar receiving instructions (and where appropriate certification) 
from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the 
designated account for the transferee. Transfers will be effected on the later of (i) three business days 
after the trade date for the disposal of the interest in the relevant Global Registered Note resulting in 
such transfer and (ii) two business days after receipt by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, of the necessary certification or information to effect such transfer. In the case of cross-
market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC 
participants cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a 
free delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
For a further description of restrictions on transfer of Registered Notes, see “Transfer Restrictions”. 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it will take any action permitted to be taken by a holder of Registered 
Notes (including, without limitation, the presentation of Restricted Global Registered Note for 
exchange as described above) only at the direction of one or more participants in whose account with 
DTC interests in Restricted Global Registered Note are credited and only in respect of such portion of 
the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Restricted Global Registered Notes as to which such 
participant or participants has or have given such direction. However, in the circumstances described 
above, DTC will surrender the relevant Restricted Global Registered Notes for exchange for 
Individual Note Certificates (which will, in the case of Restricted Notes, bear the legend applicable to 
transfers pursuant to Rule 144A). 
DTC has advised the Issuer as follows: DTC is a limited purpose trust company organised under the 
laws of the State of New York, a “banking organisation” under the laws of the State of New York, a 
member of the U.S. Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New 
York Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of 
Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC was created to hold securities for its participants and facilitate 
the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between participants through electronic 
computerised book-entry changes in accounts of its participants, thereby eliminating the need for 
physical movement of certificates. Direct participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, 
trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. Indirect access to DTC is 
available to others, such as banks, securities brokers, dealers and trust companies that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with a DTC direct participant, either directly or indirectly. 
Although Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC have agreed to the foregoing procedures in 
order to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Global Registered Notes among participants and 
accountholders of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, they are under no obligation to 
perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued at any 
time. Neither the Issuer, nor any Paying Agent nor any Transfer Agent will have any responsibility for 
the performance by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC or their respective direct or indirect 
participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures 
governing their operations. 
While a Restricted Global Registered Note is lodged with DTC or its custodian, Restricted Notes 
represented by Individual Note Certificates will not be eligible for clearing or settlement through 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
 
Individual Note Certificates 
Registration of title to Registered Notes in a name other than a depositary or its nominee for 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear or for DTC will be permitted only (i) in the case of 
Restricted Global Registered Notes in the circumstances set forth in “Form of Notes—Restricted 
Global Registered Notes” or (ii) in the case of Unrestricted Global Registered Notes in the 
circumstances set forth in “Form of Notes – Unrestricted Global Registered Notes”. In such 
circumstances, the Issuer will cause sufficient Individual Note Certificates to be executed and 
delivered to the Registrar for completion, authentication and despatch to the relevant Noteholder(s). A 
person having an interest in a Global Registered Note must provide the Registrar with: 
(i) 
a written order containing instructions and such other information as the Issuer and the 
Registrar may require to complete, execute and deliver such Individual Note Certificates; and 
(ii) 
in the case of a Restricted Global Registered Note only, a fully completed, signed certification 
substantially to the effect that the exchanging holder is not transferring its interest at the time 
of such exchange, or in the case of a simultaneous resale pursuant to Rule 144A, a 
certification that the transfer is being made in compliance with the provisions of Rule 144A. 
Individual Restricted Note Certificates issued pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall bear the 
legends applicable to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A. 
Pre-issue Trades Settlement 
It is expected that delivery of Notes will be made against payment therefor on the relevant Issue Date, 
which could be more than three business days following the date of pricing. Under Rule 15c6-1 of the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act, trades in the United States, 
secondary market generally are required to settle within two business days (“T+2”), unless the parties 
to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade Registered 
Notes in the United States on the date of pricing or the next succeeding business days until the 
relevant Issue Date will be required, in respect of any trades of such Notes that will settle beyond 
T+2, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed 
settlement. Settlement procedures in other countries will vary. Purchasers of Notes may be affected by 
such local settlement practices and purchasers of Notes who wish to trade Notes between the date of 
pricing and the relevant Issue Date should consult their own adviser.

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes and (if 
applicable) the Guarantee of the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax 
considerations relating to the Notes, whether in Poland or elsewhere. The tax laws of the investor’s 
state and of the Issuer’s state of incorporation might have an impact on the income received from the 
securities. Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which 
countries’ tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of the Notes and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes or (if applicable) the Guarantee 
of the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This 
summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Offering Circular and is subject to any 
change in law that may take effect after such date, including a change with retroactive effect. Any 
change may negatively affect the tax treatment described below. This description does not purport to 
be complete with respect to all tax information that may be relevant to investors due to their personal 
circumstances. The information provided below does not cover tax consequences resulting from tax 
exemptions applicable to specific taxable items or specific taxpayers (e.g. domestic or foreign 
investment funds). 
The reference to “interest” as well as to any other terms in the paragraphs below means “interest” or 
any other term as understood in Polish tax law. 
Poland 
Non-Polish tax residents – individuals 
Under Article 3(2a) of the Personal Income Tax Act dated 26 July 1991 (the “PIT Act”), natural 
persons who do not reside in Poland are subject to tax only on income (revenue) earned in Poland 
(limited tax obligation). 
Pursuant to Article 3(2b) of the PIT Act, income (revenue) earned in the territory of Poland in 
particular means income (revenue) from: 
(i) 
work performed in Poland based on a service relationship, employment relationship, outwork 
system and co-operative employment relationship, irrespective of the place where 
remuneration is paid; 
(ii) 
activity performed in person in Poland, irrespective of the place where remuneration is paid; 
(iii) 
business activity pursued in Poland, including through a foreign establishment located in 
Poland; 
(iv) 
immovable property located in Poland or rights to such property, including from its disposal 
in whole or in part, or from the disposal of any rights to such property; 
(v) 
securities and financial derivatives which are admitted to public trading on the territory of 
Poland on the regulated exchange market, including income (revenue) generated from the 
disposal of such securities, and the exercise of the rights arising from any of the above; 
(vi) 
the transfer of the ownership of shares in a company, all of the rights and obligations in a 
company that is not a legal entity or shares in an investment fund, mutual fund institution or 
other legal entity and rights of similar character, or receivables being the result of holding 
such shares, all of the rights and obligations, participation titles or rights, if at least 50 per 
cent. of the assets of such company, company that is not a legal entity, such investment fund, 
such mutual fund institution or other legal entity, directly or indirectly, constitutes real estate 
located in the territory of Poland or rights to such property;

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
 
(vii) 
the transfer of the ownership of shares, all of the rights and obligations, shares in investment 
fund or rights of similar character in real estate company (in the meaning of the Polish tax 
regulations); 
(viii) 
the receivables settled, including receivables placed at disposal, paid out or deducted, by 
natural persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having their 
place of residence, seat, or management board in Poland, irrespective of the place of 
conclusion of the agreement and place of performance; and 
(ix) 
unrealised gains as referred to in the exit tax regulations. 
Since the issuer is a Polish entity, income from the Notes should be considered as earned in Poland. 
However, under Article 21(1)(130b) of the PIT Act, interest or discount on bonds issued by BGK and 
offered on foreign markets, dedicated for the financing of the statutory objectives of BGK pertaining 
to the support of the economic policies of the Council of Ministers, implementation of government 
socio-economic programmes and programmes related to local government and regional development, 
as well as income from the sale of such bonds received by individuals who are not tax resident in 
Poland are exempt from Polish personal income tax. 
Although no Polish withholding tax is expected on interest payable on the Notes offered on foreign 
markets to non-Polish tax residents and, in principle, Polish tax provisions do not specifically require 
any documentation to confirm the right of a non-resident taxpayer to apply the exemption referred to 
in Article 21(1)(130b) of the PIT Act which would allow the tax remitter not to collect Polish 
withholding tax, it cannot be excluded that in practice some documentation may be requested or 
required to identify that taxpayer as a non-resident taxpayer which is a tax beneficiary of the payment 
as defined by the Polish tax regulations and to apply a tax exemption, e.g. a certificate of tax 
residency from the non-resident taxpayer. A certificate of tax residency means a certificate of the 
place of the taxpayer's registered office (domicile) for tax purposes issued by a competent tax 
administration authority in the state where the taxpayer's registered office (domicile) is located 
(Article 5a (21) of the PIT Act). Lack of documentation might result in the withholding tax having to 
be collected by the entity obliged to remit the tax. 
According to Article 41(4aa) of the PIT Act, when verifying the conditions for the application of a 
lower withholding tax rate or for an exemption, or conditions for the non-collection of a withholding 
tax, arising from the provisions of tax law, a tax remitter shall be obliged to exercise due diligence. 
When assessing whether due diligence has been exercised, the nature, the scale of the tax remitter's 
activity and the relation, within the meaning of Art. 23m(1)(5) of the PIT Act, between the tax 
remitter and the taxpayer shall be taken into account (i.e. whether the tax remitter is related with the 
non-Polish tax resident under Polish transfer pricing regulations). Please see also the section “Special 
provisions on withholding tax on large payments to non-Polish tax residents being related parties” 
below. Prospective investors in the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation 
to the withholding tax in such case. 
Under Article 41(4) of the PIT Act, an interest payer, other than an individual not acting within the 
scope of his/her business activity, is obliged to collect flat-rate income tax on payments made 
(benefits) or on the money or money equivalents made available to the taxpayer. However, under 
Article 41(4d) of the PIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts for the individuals, acting as 
tax remitters, should withhold the tax on this interest income if such interest income has been earned 
in the territory of Poland and is connected with registered securities, and the interest payment to the 
individual (the taxpayer) is made through those entities. These rules should also apply to the entities 
indicated in Article 3(2) of the Corporate Income Tax Act dated 15 February 1992 (the “CIT Act”) to 
the extent that they conduct business activity through a foreign establishment located within the 
territory of Poland, if the account on which given securities are recorded is connected with the activity 
of that establishment. Consequently, a foreign entity that does not operate through a permanent 
establishment in Poland, e.g. a foreign investment firm not acting through a Polish permanent 
establishment, should not be obliged to withhold the tax. Under Article 45(3b) of the PIT Act, if the

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
 
tax is not withheld, the individual is obliged to settle the tax himself/herself in his/her annual tax 
return. Under Article 45(1), of the PIT Act, the annual tax return should be submitted by 30 April of 
the following year. 
Specific withholding tax consequences may relate to payments to omnibus accounts within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments dated 29 July 2005 
(hereinafter, the “Omnibus Accounts”). Pursuant to Article 30a(2a) of the PIT Act, with respect to 
income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered 
in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the 
Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax should be withheld by the tax 
remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the 
Omnibus Account holder. Under Article 41(10) of the PIT Act, the tax remitters for securities 
registered in Omnibus Accounts are the entities operating the Omnibus Accounts through which the 
amounts due are paid. The tax is collected on the day of placing the amounts due at the disposal of the 
Omnibus Account holder. These rules should also apply to the entities indicated in Article 3(2) of the 
CIT Act to the extent that they conduct business activity through a foreign establishment located 
within the territory of Poland, if the account on which given securities are recorded is connected with 
the activity of that establishment. Consequently, foreign entities that do not operate through a Polish 
permanent establishment, e.g. foreign investment firms should not be obliged to withhold the tax. 
Pursuant to Art. 41(4da) of the PIT Act, in the circumstances referred to in Art. 41(4d) (generally 
entities operating securities accounts for individuals acting as tax remitters) and Art. 41(10) (generally 
entities operating omnibus accounts, acting as tax remitters), entities making payments due through 
securities accounts or omnibus accounts are required to notify the entities maintaining such accounts 
that there is a relation between them and the taxpayer, within the meaning of Art. 23m(1)(5) (related 
parties, please see definition below) and that the amount referred to in section 12 (generally PLN 2 
million) of this Article will be exceeded, at least 7 days before making the payment. Entities 
providing such information are required to update it before making the actual payment if 
circumstances that the information concerns change. In addition, in accordance with Art. 41(12d) of 
the PIT Act, in the circumstances referred to in sections 4d (generally entities operating securities 
accounts for individuals acting as tax remitters) and 10 (generally entities operating omnibus 
accounts, acting as tax remitters), the excess amount (generally, above PLN 2 million) and the 
existence of the relations referred to in section 12 shall be determined by the entity keeping securities 
accounts or omnibus accounts. The entity keeping securities accounts or omnibus accounts does not 
take into consideration the amounts of payments on which tax was collected in accordance with Art. 
30a(2a). 
However, if a non-Polish tax resident performs any business activities in Poland and the Notes and 
any income from such Notes are related to that Polish activity, the non-Polish tax resident could be 
required to report its income from the Notes in Poland. In addition, although the above exemptions 
would generally still apply, it cannot be excluded that any income due to foreign exchange differences 
might be subject to Polish taxation. You should consult your tax advisor about your particular 
situation. 
Non-Polish tax residents – corporate income taxpayers 
Pursuant to Article 3(2) of the CIT Act, taxpayers who do not have their seat or management board 
within the territory of Poland are required to pay tax exclusively on income earned within the territory 
of Poland. 
Under Article 3(3) of the CIT Act, income (revenue) earned in the territory of Poland in particular 
means income (revenue) from: 
(i) 
all types of activity pursued in Poland, including through a foreign establishment located in 
Poland;

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
 
(ii) 
immovable property located in Poland or rights to such property, including from its disposal 
in whole or in part, or from the disposal of any rights to such property; 
(iii) 
securities and financial derivatives which are admitted to public trading on the territory of 
Poland on the regulated exchange market, including income (revenue) generated from the 
disposal of such securities, and the exercise of the rights arising from any of the above; 
(iv) 
the transfer of the ownership of shares in a company, all of the rights and obligations in a 
company that is not a legal entity or shares in an investment fund, mutual fund institution or 
other legal entity and rights of similar character, or receivables being the result of holding 
such shares, all of the rights and obligations, participation titles or rights, if at least 50 per 
cent. of the assets of such company, company that is not a legal entity, such investment fund, 
such mutual fund institution or other legal entity, directly or indirectly, constitutes real estate 
located in the territory of Poland or rights to such property; 
(v) 
the transfer of the ownership of shares, all of the rights and obligations, shares in investment 
fund or rights of similar character in real estate company (in the meaning of the Polish tax 
regulations); 
(vi) 
the receivables settled, including receivables placed at disposal, paid out or deducted, by 
natural persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having their 
place of residence, seat, or management board in Poland, irrespective of the place of 
conclusion of the agreement and place of performance; and 
(vii) 
unrealised gains as referred to in the exit tax regulations. 
Since the issuer is a Polish entity, income from the Notes should be considered as earned in Poland. 
According to Article 21(1) of the CIT Act, the income tax on revenue received within the territory of 
the Republic of Poland by taxpayers as referred to in Article 3(2) (non-Polish tax residents) from, in 
particular: interest; certain royalties, services connected with market research, legal, advertising, data 
processing, management and control and advertising and other similar services, is 20% of the revenue.  
 However, under Article 17(1)(50b) of the CIT Act, interest or discount on bonds issued by BGK and 
offered on foreign markets, dedicated for the financing of the statutory objectives of BGK pertaining 
to the support of the economic policies of the Council of Ministers, implementation of government 
socio-economic programmes and programmes related to local government and regional development, 
as well as income from the sale of such bonds received by entities which do not have their seat and 
which do not have their management office in Poland are exempt from Polish corporate income tax. 
Although no Polish withholding tax is expected on interest payable on the Notes offered on foreign 
markets to non-Polish tax residents and, in principle, Polish tax provisions do not specifically require 
any documentation to confirm the right of a non-resident taxpayer to apply the exemption referred to 
in Article 17(1)(50b) of the CIT Act which would allow the tax remitter not to collect Polish 
withholding tax, it cannot be excluded that in practice some documentation may be requested or 
required to identify that taxpayer as a non-resident taxpayer which is a tax beneficiary of the payment 
as defined by the Polish tax regulations and to apply a tax exemption, e.g. a certificate of tax 
residency from the non-resident taxpayer. A certificate of tax residency means a certificate of the 
place of the taxpayer's registered office (domicile) for tax purposes issued by a competent tax 
administration authority in the state where the taxpayer's registered office (domicile) is located 
(Article 4a(12) of the CIT Act). Lack of documentation might result in the withholding tax having to 
be collected by the entity obliged to remit the tax. 
According to Article 26(1) of the CIT Act, legal persons, organizational units having no legal 
personality and natural persons being entrepreneurs that make disbursements of amounts due on the 
ground specified in Article 21(1) are obliged, as tax remitters, to collect, the lump sum withholding 
tax on those disbursements.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
 
According to Article 26(1) of the CIT Act, when verifying the conditions for the application of a 
reduced withholding tax rate (other than the 20% relevant for any payments provided for in Art. 21(1) 
of the CIT Act) or for an exemption, or conditions for the non-collection of a withholding tax, arising 
from special provisions or double taxation conventions, a tax remitter shall be obliged to exercise due 
diligence. In the assessment whether due diligence has been exercised, the character, the scale of the 
tax remitter's activity and the relation, within the meaning of Art. 11a(1)(5) of the CIT Act (related 
parties -- please see definition below), between the tax remitter and the taxpayer shall be taken into 
account (i.e. whether the tax remitter is related with the non-Polish tax resident under Polish transfer 
pricing regulations). Please see also the section “Special provisions on withholding tax on large 
payments to non-Polish tax residents being related parties” below. Prospective investors in the Notes 
are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the withholding tax in such case. If 
withholding tax is withheld for a non-Polish tax resident, to receive a refund of such tax the taxpayer 
should contact its tax adviser. 
Under Art. 26(2c)(1) of the CIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts for taxpayers, acting as 
tax remitters, should withhold the tax on this interest income if such interest income (revenue) was 
earned in Poland and is connected with securities registered in said accounts, and the interest payment 
to the taxpayer is made through said entities. This rule should also apply to the entities indicated in 
Art. 3(2) of the CIT Act (i.e. non-residents) to the extent that they conduct economic activity through 
a foreign establishment located within the territory of Poland if the account on which given securities 
are recorded is connected with the activity of that establishment. 
Specific withholding tax consequences may relate to payments to Omnibus Accounts. Under Article 
26(2a) of the CIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers holding 
rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to 
the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 20 per cent. flat rate 
tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all 
such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. Under Article 26(2b) of the CIT Act, the entity 
operating the Omnibus Account is the tax remitter. This rule should also apply to the entities indicated 
in Art. 3(2) of the CIT Act (i.e. non-residents) to the extent that they conduct economic activity 
through a foreign establishment located within the territory of Poland if the account on which given 
securities are recorded is connected with the activity of that establishment. Consequently, foreign 
entities that do not operate through a Polish permanent establishment, e.g. foreign investment firms, 
should not be obliged to withhold the tax. 
Pursuant to Article 26(2ca) of the CIT Act, in the circumstances referred to in Article 26(2c) 
(generally entities operating securities accounts or omnibus accounts), entities making payments due 
through securities accounts or omnibus accounts are required to notify the entities maintaining such 
accounts that there is a relation between them and the taxpayer, within the meaning of 
Article 11a(1)(5) (related parties -- please see definition below) and that the amount referred to in 
section 2e (generally PLN 2 million)of this Article will be exceeded, at least 7 days before making the 
payment. Entities providing such information are required to update it before making the actual 
payment if circumstances that the information concerns change. In addition, in accordance with 
Article 26(2ed) of the CIT Act, in the circumstances referred to in section 2c (generally entities 
operating securities accounts or omnibus accounts), the excess amount (generally above PLN 2 
million) and the existence of the relations (related parties -- please see definition below) referred to in 
section 2e (will be determined by the entity keeping securities accounts or omnibus accounts. The 
entity keeping securities accounts or omnibus accounts does not take into consideration the amounts 
of payments on which tax was collected in accordance with Article 26(2a). 
According to Art. 26(1m) of the CIT Act, where the entities referred to in Art. 26(1) of the CIT Act 
pay receivables from the sources listed in Art. 7b(1)(3) to (6) of the CIT Act (including revenues from 
securities) for the benefit of an entity having its registered office or management in a territory or state 
listed in regulations issued pursuant to Art. 11j(2) (i.e. so called list of states and territories that apply 
harmful tax competition), they are obliged to collect lump-sum income tax in the amount of 19 per

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
 
cent. of the amount of the payment made. The provision of paragraph Art. 26(1) of the CIT Act 
should apply accordingly. 
Polish tax residents – individuals 
Under Art. 3(1) of the PIT Act, natural persons, if residing in Poland, are liable for tax on their total 
income (revenue) irrespective of the location of the sources of revenue (unlimited obligation to pay 
tax). 
Under Art. 3(1a) of the PIT Act, a Polish tax resident individual is a natural person who (i) has his/her 
centre of personal or business interests located in Poland or (ii) stays in Poland for longer than 183 
days in a year, unless any relevant tax treaty dictates otherwise. 
Interest income 
Under Article 30a(7) of the PIT Act, interest income does not cumulate with general income subject 
to the progressive tax rate, but under Art. 30a(1)(2) of the PIT Act it is subject to a 19 per cent. flat 
rate of tax. 
Under Art. 41(4) of the PIT Act, the interest payer, other than an individual not acting within the 
scope of his/her business activity, should withhold the 19 per cent. Polish tax upon any interest 
payment. 
Under Art. 41(4d) of the PIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts for individuals, acting as 
tax remitters, should withhold the tax on this interest income if such interest income (revenue) has 
been earned in the territory of Poland and is connected with securities registered in the said accounts, 
and the interest payment to the individual (the taxpayer) is made through said entities. This principle 
also applies to remitters who pay corporate income tax and are subject to limited tax liability in 
Poland, to the extent they conduct their business through a foreign establishment and it is to that 
establishment’s operations that the securities account is linked. Consequently, foreign entities that do 
not operate through a Polish permanent establishment, e.g. foreign investment firms, in principle do 
not withhold the tax. 
Under Article 45(3b) of the PIT Act, if the tax is not withheld, the individual is obliged to settle the 
tax himself/herself by 30 April of the following year. 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts. Pursuant to 
Art. 30a(2a) of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers 
holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been 
revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19 
per cent flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter (under Art. 41(10) of the PIT Act the entity 
operating the Omnibus Account) from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all 
such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. 
Under Art. 41(10) of the PIT Act, insofar as securities registered in Omnibus Accounts are concerned, 
the entities operating Omnibus Accounts through which the amounts due are paid are liable to 
withhold the flat-rate income tax on interest income. The tax is charged on the day of placing the 
amounts due at the disposal of the Omnibus Account holder. This principle also applies to remitters 
who pay corporate income tax and are subject to limited tax liability in Poland, to the extent, they 
conduct their business through a foreign establishment and it is to that establishment’s operations that 
the Omnibus Account is linked. Consequently, foreign entities that do not operate through a Polish 
permanent establishment, e.g. foreign investment firms, in principle do not withhold the tax. 
Pursuant to Art. 41(4da) of the PIT Act, in the circumstances referred to in Art. 41(4d) (generally 
entities operating securities accounts for individuals and acting as tax remitters) and Art. 41(10) 
(generally entities operating omnibus accounts and acting as tax remitters), entities making payments 
due through securities accounts or omnibus accounts are required to notify the entities maintaining 
such accounts that there is a relation between them and the taxpayer, within the meaning of Art.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
 
23m(1)(5) (related parties, please see definition below) and that the amount referred to in section 12 
(generally, PLN 2 million) of this Article will be exceeded, at least 7 days before making the 
payment. Entities providing such information are required to update it before making the actual 
payment if circumstances that the information concerns change. In addition, in accordance with Art. 
41(12d) of the PIT Act, in the circumstances referred to in sections 4d (generally entities operating 
securities accounts for individuals and acting as tax remitters) and 10 (generally entities operating 
omnibus accounts and acting as tax remitters), the excess amount and the existence of the relations 
referred to in section 12 shall be determined by the entity keeping securities accounts or omnibus 
accounts. The entity keeping securities accounts or omnibus accounts does not take into consideration 
the amounts of payments on which tax was collected in accordance with Art. 30a(2a). 
Under Art. 45(3c) of the PIT Act, taxpayers are obliged to disclose the amount of interest (discount) 
on securities (including the Notes) in the annual tax return if the Notes were registered in Omnibus 
Account and the taxpayer’s identity was not revealed to the tax remitter. 
Income from disposing of Notes for remuneration  
Under Article 30b(5) of the PIT Act, income from a disposal of securities, including the Notes, for 
remuneration does not accumulate with general income subject to the progressive tax rate or with 
income from business activity, but under Article 30b(1) of the PIT Act it is subject to a 19 per cent. 
flat rate tax. The income is calculated as the difference between the sum of revenues from a transfer of 
securities against a consideration and tax deductible costs, calculated on the basis of the relevant 
provisions of the PIT Act (Article 30b(2) of the PIT Act). Based on Article 17(2) and Article 19(1) of 
the PIT Act, if the price expressed in the contract without a valid reason significantly deviates from 
the market value, the amount of income is determined by the tax authority in the amount of the market 
value. The amount of tax payable should be calculated on the total amount of income from disposing 
of securities for remuneration, i.e. including the Notes and other securities (if any), in the given tax 
year. 
The taxpayer himself/herself is obliged to settle the tax on the transfer of securities (including Notes) 
against a consideration. Taxpayers should prepare their annual tax return by the end of April of the 
year following the tax year in which the income was earned. 
Notes held as business assets 
If an individual holds the Notes as business assets, in principle, interest (discount) and income from 
transfer of Notes against a consideration should be subject to tax in the same way as other business 
income. The tax, at 19 per cent. flat rate or the 12 per cent. to 32 per cent. progressive tax rate 
depending on the choice and meeting of certain conditions, should be settled by the individuals 
themselves. In addition, separate rules regarding social security contributions may be applicable.  
Polish tax residents – corporate income taxpayers 
Under Art. 3(1) of the CIT Act the entire income of taxpayers who have their registered office or 
management in Poland is subject to tax obligation in Poland, irrespective of where the income is 
earned. 
According to Art. 3(1a) o the CIT Act, a taxpayer has a management board within the territory of 
Poland inter alia, when the taxpayer’s day-to-day affairs are conducted in Poland in an organized and 
continuous manner on the basis of, in particular: 
1) 
a contract, decision, court order, or other document governing the establishment or operation 
of that taxpayer; and/or 
2) 
powers of attorney granted; and/or 
3) 
relations within the meaning of Art. 11a(1)(5) of the CIT Act (related parties -- please see 
definition below).

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
 
A Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer is subject to income tax in respect of the Notes 
(including any capital gains and on interest/discount), following the same principles as those which 
apply to any other income received from business activity within the same source of income. As a 
rule, for Polish income tax purposes interest is recognised as revenue on a cash basis, i.e. when it is 
received and not when it has accrued. In respect of capital gains, the cost of acquiring the securities 
will be recognised at the time the revenue from the disposal of the securities for remuneration is 
achieved. Revenue from a transfer of Notes against a consideration is in principle their value 
expressed in the price specified in the contract. If the price expressed in the contract, without a valid 
reason, significantly deviates from the market value, the revenue amount is determined by the tax 
authority in the amount of the market value (Art. 14(1) of the CIT Act). In the case of income from 
the transfer of securities against a consideration, tax deductible costs are generally recognized when 
the corresponding revenue has been achieved. The taxpayer itself (without the involvement of the tax 
remitter) settles tax on interest (discount) and on the transfer of securities against a consideration, 
which is settled along with other income from the taxpayer’s business activity within the same source 
of income. 
Regarding the proper source of revenue, in principle, the income (revenue) from the Notes, including 
their transfer for consideration, is combined with revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b(1) of the CIT 
Act). In the case of insurers, banks and some other entities (such as financial institutions), this revenue 
is included in revenues other than revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b(2) of the CIT Act). 
The appropriate tax rate will be the same as the tax rate applicable to business activity, i.e. 19 per 
cent. for a regular corporate income taxpayer or, in case the revenue is included in revenues other than 
revenues from capital gains, 9 per cent. for small taxpayers. 
Although no Polish withholding tax is expected on interest payable to Polish corporate income 
taxpayers, specific rules may apply to interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts. Under 
Art. 26(2a) of the CIT Act, for income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights 
attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax 
remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 20 per cent. flat-rate tax is 
withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such 
taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. In such case the tax is withheld by the entity 
operating the Omnibus Account on the day of placing the amounts due at the disposal of the Omnibus 
Account holder (Art.26(2b) of the CIT Act). If such tax is withheld for a Polish tax resident corporate 
income taxpayer, to receive a refund of such tax, the entity should contact its tax advisor. This rule 
should also apply to the entities indicated in Art. 3(2) of the CIT Act (i.e. non-residents) to the extent 
that they conduct economic activity through a foreign establishment located within the territory of 
Poland if the account on which given securities are recorded is connected with the activity of that 
establishment. Consequently, foreign entities that do not operate through their permanent 
establishments in Poland, e.g. foreign investment firms should not be obliged to withhold the tax. 
Pursuant to Article 26(2ca) of the CIT Act, in the circumstances referred to in Article 26(2c) 
(generally entities operating securities accounts or omnibus accounts), entities making payments due 
through securities accounts or omnibus accounts are required to notify the entities maintaining such 
accounts that there is a relation between them and the taxpayer, within the meaning of 
Article 11a(1)(5) (related parties -- please see definition below) and that the amount referred to in 
section 2e (generally PLN 2 million) of this Article will be exceeded, at least 7 days before making 
the payment. Entities providing such information are required to update it before making the actual 
payment if circumstances that the information concerns change. In addition, in accordance with 
Article 26(2ed) of the CIT Act, in the circumstances referred to in section 2c (generally entities 
operating securities accounts or omnibus accounts), the excess amount (generally above PLN 2 
million) and the existence of the relations (related parties -- please see definition below) referred to in 
section 2e will be determined by the entity keeping securities accounts or omnibus accounts. The 
entity keeping securities accounts or omnibus accounts does not take into consideration the amounts 
of payments on which tax was collected in accordance with Article 26(2a).

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
 
Under the CIT regulations, income is determined separately for each relevant source of revenue, i.e. 
revenues from capital gains are separated from revenues from other sources. Correspondingly, the tax 
losses are determined separately for each of these sources of revenue, whereby a tax loss from one 
source of revenue may not be deducted against the income from the other source of revenue. Within 
the same source of revenue, losses can be deducted for five consecutive tax years, in an amount not 
exceeding 50 per cent. of the loss in any of those years. A taxpayer may also deduct from the tax base 
once over the next five consecutive tax years up to PLN 5,000,000 of the loss incurred (in an amount 
however not exceeding 50 per cent. of the loss in any of those years). 
Special provisions on withholding tax on large payments to non-Polish tax residents being related 
parties 
Corporate income tax 
Under Article 26(2e) of the CIT Act, if the total amount of payments made to a related entity on the 
bases specified in Art. 21.1(1) (including interest/discount on notes) and Art. 22(1) exceeds PLN 
2,000,000 in total in the payer’s tax year for the same taxpayer, legal persons, unincorporated 
organizational units and individual business owners, are obliged as payers to withhold, subject to Art. 
26(2g) of the CIT Act on the day of payment, a flat-rate income tax on those payments based on the 
tax rate set out in Art. 21(1)(1) (20 per cent. in the case of interest/discount on notes) or Art. 22(1) on 
any amount exceeding the PLN 2,000,000 threshold, without being able not to withhold that tax on 
the basis of an appropriate double tax treaty, and also without taking into account exemptions or rates 
resulting from special regulations or double tax treaties (hereinafter the “Obligation to Withhold 
Tax”). For the purposes of this provision, related entities are understood to be entities within the 
meaning of Art. 11a(1)(4) of the CIT Act (Art. 26(2ea) of the CIT Act). 
The Obligation to Withhold Tax does not apply to entities that are taxpayers referred to in Art. 3.1 of 
the CIT Act, i.e. to Polish tax residents (Art. 26(2eb) of the CIT Act). 
However, if a payment has been made which, without a justified economic reason, is not classified as 
a receivable listed in Art. 21(1)(1) or Art. 22(1) of the CIT Act, Art. 26(2e) applies accordingly (Art. 
26(2ec) of the CIT Act).  
In addition, in accordance with Art. 26(2ed) of the CIT Act, in the circumstances referred to in Art. 
26(2c) of the CIT Act, the excess amount and the existence of the relations referred to in Art. 26(2e) 
of the CIT Act will be determined by the entity keeping securities accounts or omnibus accounts. The 
entity keeping securities accounts or omnibus accounts does not take into consideration the amounts 
of payments on which tax was collected in accordance with Art. 26(2a) of the CIT Act. 
Under Article 26(2i) and 26(2j) of the CIT Act, if the payer's tax year is longer or shorter than 12 
months, the amount to which the Obligation to Withhold Tax applies is calculated by multiplying 1/12 
of PLN 2,000,000 and the number of months that have begun in the tax year in which the payment 
was made; if the calculation of that amount is not possible by reference to the payer's tax year, the 
Obligation to Withhold Tax shall apply accordingly to the payer's current financial year and, in its 
absence, with respect to the payer's other period with features specific to the financial year, no longer 
however than 23 consecutive months. 
Under Article 26(2k) of the CIT Act, if the payment was made in a foreign currency, to determine 
whether the amount to which the Obligation to Withhold Tax applies was exceeded, the amounts paid 
are converted into PLN at the average exchange rate published by the NBP on the last business day 
preceding the payment day. 
Under Article 26(2l) of the CIT Act, if it is not possible to determine the amount paid to the same 
taxpayer, it is presumed that it exceeded the amount from which the Obligation to Withhold Tax 
applies. 
Under Article 26(7a) of the CIT Act, the Obligation to Withhold Tax does not apply if the payer has 
declared that:

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
 
(a) 
it holds the documents required by the tax law for the application of the tax rate or tax 
exemption or non-taxation under special regulations or double tax treaties; and 
(b) 
after the verification of the conditions to apply an exemption or reduced withholding tax rate 
resulting from special regulations or double tax treaties, it is not aware of any grounds for the 
assumption that there are circumstances that exclude the possibility of applying the tax rate or 
tax exemption or non-taxation under special regulations or double tax treaties. 
The above is to be declared by the head of the unit within the meaning of the Accounting Act (e.g. the 
Issuer's management board) and if the entity is managed by multi-person authority – by the person 
being a member of such authority. The declaration cannot be made by proxy. The declaration is to be 
made in electronic form not later than the payment day (Article 26(7b) and 26(7c) of the CIT Act). 
The declaration may be made in the deadline relevant for payment of the tax for a month, in which the 
amount referred to in Art. 26(2e) of the CIT Act was exceeded (Art. 26(7c) of the CIT Act).  
In the case of withholding tax as a result of the Obligation to Withhold Tax, if double tax treaties or 
special regulations provide for a tax exemption or reduced tax rate, the taxpayer or tax remitter (if the 
taxpayer has paid tax with its own funds and has borne the economic burden of such tax, e.g. as a 
result of a gross-up clause) may apply for a refund of that tax by submitting the relevant documents 
and declarations. When recognising that the refund is justified, the tax authorities shall carry it out 
within six months. 
This restriction also does not apply where a binding opinion on the application of a preference is 
applicable. In accordance with Art. 26(2g) of the CIT Act, if the total amount of receivables for items 
listed in Art. 21(1)(1) and Art. 22(1) of the CIT Act paid to a taxpayer in the remitter’s tax year 
exceeds the amount referred to in Art. 26(2e) of the CIT Act, legal persons, organizational units 
without legal personality and natural persons who are entrepreneurs can elect not to collect the tax 
based on an appropriate double taxation treaty, but instead may apply the rate resulting from such 
treaty or the exemption referred to in Art. 21(3) or Art. 22(4) of the CIT Act based on the applicable 
opinion on the application of a preference. 
Pursuant to Art. 26b(1) of the CIT Act, an opinion on the remitter’s application of the exemption from 
the collection of a flat-rate income tax on the receivables paid to such taxpayer, as referred to in Art. 
22(1) of the CIT Act, and/or the application of a tax rate resulting from an applicable double taxation 
treaty or failure to collect tax under such treaty (an opinion on the application of a preference) is 
issued by a tax authority at the request of: (i) the taxpayer, (ii) the remitter, or (iii) the person paying 
the receivables through entities operating securities accounts or omnibus accounts – if the request 
demonstrates compliance with the conditions set out in Art. 22(4-6) of the CIT Act or the conditions 
for the application of a double taxation treaty. 
The request for an opinion on the application of preferences is made electronically. The tax authority 
responsible for issuing opinions on the application of preferences is the head of the tax office having 
jurisdiction over the taxpayer’s registered office and, in the case of taxpayers who are subject to a 
limited tax obligation in the territory of Poland and taxpayers having rights from securities registered 
in omnibus accounts, whose identity has not been disclosed to the remitter in accordance with the 
procedure provided for in the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, it is the head of a tax office 
competent in matters of foreign taxation. 
In accordance with Art. 26b(3) of the CIT Act, an opinion on the application of a preference may be 
refused in the case of: 
1) 
a taxpayer’s failure to comply with the conditions set out in Art. 21 and/or Art. 22 of the CIT 
Act or the conditions for the application of a double taxation treaty; 
2) 
existence of justified concerns as to compliance with the actual state of affairs of the 
documentation attached to the request or the taxpayer’s statement that the taxpayer is the 
beneficial owner of the receivables;

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
 
3) 
existence of a reasonable presumption that a decision has been issued pursuant to Art. 119a of 
the Tax Code (the so-called anti-tax avoidance clause), with the use of measures restricting 
contractual advantages or pursuant to Art. 22c of the CIT Act; 
4) 
existence of a reasonable presumption that a taxpayer subject to a limited tax obligation in the 
territory of Poland does not carry out actual economic activity in the taxpayer’s country of 
residence for tax purposes. 
A refusal to give an opinion on the application of a preference can be appealed to an administrative 
court (Art. 26b(4) of the CIT Act). 
An opinion on the application of a preference is given without undue delay, no later than 6 months 
after the date of receipt of the request by the tax authority (Art. 26b(5) of the CIT Act). 
An opinion on the application of a preference will, as a general rule, expire 36 months after the date of 
its issue, unless there is a prior substantial change in the factual circumstances that may affect the 
fulfilment of the conditions for applying the exemption in question. In such case, the provisions of the 
CIT Act indicate specific expiration dates for the preference opinion.  
Pursuant to the Regulation of the Minister of Finance dated 28 December 2022 regarding the 
exclusion of the obligation to withhold flat-rate corporate income tax (the “Regulation”), the 
application of the Obligation to Withhold Tax is excluded in relation to interest/discount payments on 
bonds issued by BGK, dedicated for the financing of the statutory objectives of BGK pertaining to the 
support of the economic policies of the Council of Ministers, implementation of government socio-
economic programmes and programmes related to local government and regional development, which 
are received by taxpayers who do not have their seat or management board within the territory of 
Poland. This rule may be however applied only if conditions for non-remittance of the tax, application 
of tax rate or exemption resulting from specific tax provisions or double tax treaties are fulfilled. 
Moreover, according to the Regulation, the Obligation to Withhold Tax is excluded in the period from 
1 January 2023 until 31 December 2023 in the cases referred to in Article 26(2c) of the CIT Act. 
Personal income tax 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax, including Article 41(12) of the PIT Act which 
provides for an analogous tax withholding obligation. The Regulation of the Minister of Finance dated 
28 December 2022 regarding the exclusion of the obligation to withhold flat-rate personal income tax 
is the equivalent of the Regulation described above.  
Related parties 
Under Art. 11a(1)(5) of the CIT Act (and analogically in accordance with the Art. 23m(5) of the PIT 
Act) “links” shall mean the relations referred to in subparagraph Art. 11a(1)(4) of the CIT Act (and 
analogically in accordance with the Art. 23m(1)(4) of the PIT Act), existing among related entities. 
In accordance with the Art. 11a(1)(4) of the CIT Act (and analogically in accordance with the Art. 
23m(1)(4) of the PIT Act), related entities shall mean: 
a) 
entities of which one entity exercises a significant influence on at least one other entity; or 
b) 
entities on which a significant influence is exercised by: 
- the same other entity; or 
- the spouse or a relative by consanguinity or affinity up to the second degree of a natural 
person exercising a significant influence on at least one entity; or 
c) 
a partnership without legal personality and its shareholder; or 
ca) a partnership referred to in Article 1(3)(1) of the CIT Act and its general partner; or 
cb) a partnership referred to in Article 1(3)(1a) of the CIT Act and its shareholder; or

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
 
d) 
a taxable person and their foreign establishment, and in the case of a tax capital group - a 
company being its part and its foreign establishment. 
Solidarity levy on income from disposal of notes for consideration generated by natural persons 
subject to either unlimited or limited tax liability in Poland (i.e. notwithstanding their tax 
residence) 
According to Art. 30h of the PIT Act, natural persons are required to pay a solidarity levy at the rate 
of 4 per cent. of the base amount for its calculation. The base amount for calculation of the solidarity 
levy is the amount in excess of PLN 1,000,000 of the sum of incomes subject to taxation pursuant to 
Art. 27 Section 1, 9 and 9a, Art. 30b (i.e. in particular the income from disposal of notes for a 
consideration), Art. 30c and Art. 30f of the PIT Act, decreased by the premiums referred to in Art. 26 
Section 1 item 2 and 2a of the PIT Act and the amounts referred to in Art. 30f Section 5 of the PIT 
Act, deducted from such incomes. 
In calculating the base amount of the solidarity levy for a given calendar year, one should include the 
incomes and the incomes deductions as described above, as reported in: 
• 
the annual tax calculation referred to in Art. 34 Section 7 of the PIT Act (the annual tax 
calculation prepared and sent by social allowance authorities to the taxpayers receiving 
income, in particular, from age and disability allowance) if such a reconciliation shows a 
payable tax; and 
• 
the tax returns referred to in Art. 45 Section 1, Section 1a item 1 and 2 and Section 1aa of the 
PIT Act for which the filing deadline falls within the period starting on the day following the 
lapse of the time period for filing of the solidarity levy amount statement in the year 
preceding that calendar year, to the last day for submission of the solidarity levy amount 
statement. 
Natural persons are required to file the solidarity levy amount statements on the official forms 
provided by 30 April of the calendar year and pay the levy by the same day. Please note that separate 
rules may be applicable for individuals conducting business activity, in particular in respect to social 
security contributions.  
Tax on civil law transactions 
Under Art. 1.1.1.a of the Tax on Civil Law Transactions Act dated 9 September 2000 (the “PCC 
Act”), agreements for sale or exchange of assets or proprietary rights are subject to tax on civil law 
transactions. The Notes should be considered as representing proprietary rights. Transactions are 
taxable if their subjects are: 
1) 
assets located in Poland or proprietary rights exercisable in Poland; 
2) 
assets located abroad or proprietary rights exercisable abroad if the acquirer’s place of 
residence or registered office is located in Poland and the civil law transaction was carried out 
in Poland. 
Although this is not clearly addressed in the law and there are grounds to classify rights incorporated 
in the Notes as rights exercisable outside of Poland, it is likely that the Notes will be considered as 
rights exercisable in Poland. Consequently, as a rule, the tax should apply regardless of the place 
where a sale or exchange transaction is concluded. 
Tax on the sale or exchange of the Notes is 1 per cent. of their market value. It is payable within 14 
days after the sale or exchange agreement has been entered into. However, if such agreement has been 
entered into in notarial form, the tax due should be withheld and paid by the notary public. Tax on 
sale of the Notes is payable by the entity acquiring the Notes. In the case of exchange agreements, tax 
on civil law transactions should be payable by both parties jointly and severally.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
 
However, under Art. 9.9 of the PCC Act, a PCC exemption applies to the sale of property rights 
constituting financial instruments (such as the Notes): 
1) 
to investment companies and foreign investment companies; 
2) 
via investment companies or foreign investment companies; 
3) 
as part of organised trading; 
4) 
outside organised trading by investment companies and foreign investment companies, if 
those rights were acquired by those companies under organised trading, 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Act of 29 July 2005 on Trading in Financial Instruments. 
Under Article 2.4 of the PCC Act, as a rule, PCC does not apply to civil law activities such as selling 
or exchanging the Notes: (i) to the extent such activity is charged with VAT (in any EU country), or 
(ii) if at least one of the parties to the transaction is exempt from VAT (in any EU country). 
Remitter’s liability 
Under Art. 30 of the Tax Code dated August 29, 1997 (the “Tax Code”), a tax remitter failing to fulfil 
its duty to calculate, withhold or pay tax to a relevant tax authority is liable for the tax that has not 
been withheld or that has been withheld but not paid, up to the value of all its assets. The tax remitter 
is not liable if the specific provisions provide otherwise or if tax has not been withheld due to the 
taxpayer’s fault. In such case, the relevant tax authority will issue a decision concerning the 
taxpayer’s liability. 
General Anti Abuse Regulations 
On 15 July 2016, General Anti Abuse Regulations were introduced into the Polish legal system. In 
accordance with Article 119a § 1 of the Tax Code, amended as at 1 January 2019, an act shall not 
result in deriving a tax benefit if deriving the tax benefit being at variance, in given circumstances, 
with the object of goal of a tax Act or provision thereof, was the main or one of the main objectives of 
performing it, and the mode of action was artificial (taxation avoidance). In the situation listed in § 1, 
the tax consequences of a given action are determined based on the circumstances which would occur 
if the proper action was performed (Article 119a § 2 of the Tax Code). A proper action includes an 
action which an entity could perform in given circumstances if such entity acted reasonably and for 
lawful purposes other than achieving a tax benefit contrary to the subject and purpose of a tax law or 
tax provision and the manner of acting would not be artificial. Proper action could be also failure to 
act (Article 119a § 3 of the Tax Code). 
If, in the course of proceedings, the party indicates an appropriate action, the tax consequences will be 
determined based on the circumstances that would occur if such action were performed (Article 119a 
§ 4 of the Tax Code). According to Article 119a § 5 of the Tax Code, the provisions of § 2-4 do not 
apply if the circumstances indicate that the achievement of such tax benefit would be the only purpose 
of performing the action referred to in § 1. In such case, the tax consequences are determined based 
on the circumstances which would occur if such action was not performed. 
According to new tax regulations which came into force on 1 January 2019, the exemplary list of 
considerations used for determination, whether an arrangement is artificial has been extended. The 
following considerations should be taken into account: 
(a) 
an unjustified division of operations;  
(b) 
the use of intermediaries despite a lack of economic or commercial grounds for their 
presence;  
(c) 
the state of affairs following the arrangements is identical or similar to the state existing 
before the activity was undertaken;

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
 
(d) 
the state of affairs cancel out or compensate each other;  
(e) 
commercial risk exceeding expected other than tax benefits to such extent that a reasonable 
party would not choose acting in such manner;  
(f) 
obtained tax benefit is not reflected in commercial risk or cash flows incurred by a party;  
(g) 
profit before taxation, which is slight in comparison to a tax benefit, which does not result 
directly from actually borne economic loss; and 
(h) 
arrangement of an entity, which does not conduct actual business activity or does not have 
material economic function, or has its seat or residency in harmful tax competition states.  
United States Federal Income Taxation 
The below discussion only applies to Registered Notes issued pursuant to Rule 144A. Bearer Notes 
are not being offered to U.S. persons. A U.S. person who owns a Bearer Note will be subject to 
adverse consequences under U.S. federal income tax law, including disallowance of losses and 
treatment of gain as ordinary income. 
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership, and disposition of the Notes by a U.S. Holder (as defined below) (except that the 
discussion under “Further Issues” below applies to all holders). This summary does not address the 
U.S. federal income tax consequences to holders who are not U.S. Holders or of every type of 
Note which may be issued under the Programme, and the applicable Final Terms will contain 
additional or modified disclosure concerning certain U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to 
such type of Note as appropriate. This summary only applies to Notes held as capital assets and does 
not address aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be applicable to U.S. Holders that are 
subject to special tax rules, such as financial institutions, insurance companies, real estate investment 
trusts, regulated investment companies, grantor trusts, tax exempt organizations, dealers or traders in 
securities or currencies, U.S. Holders that will hold a Note as part of a position in a straddle or as part 
of a hedging, conversion or integrated transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes, traders in 
securities that elect to use a mark-to-market method of accounting for their securities holdings, 
persons required to accelerate the recognition of any item of income with respect to the Notes as a 
result of such income being recognized on applicable financial statements, persons that have ceased to 
be U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents of the United States, investors holding the Notes in 
connection with a trade or business conducted outside of the United States, or investors that have a 
functional currency other than the U.S. dollar. Moreover, this summary does not address the 
consequences of U.S. federal estate and gift tax, state, local, or non-U.S. tax laws, the Medicare tax on 
net investment income or the alternative minimum tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership or 
retirement of Notes and does not address the U.S. federal income tax treatment to U.S. Holders that do 
not acquire Notes as part of the initial distribution at their initial offering price (as described below 
under “Original Issue Discount”).  
This summary is based on the Code, existing and proposed U.S. Treasury regulations, administrative 
pronouncements and judicial decisions, each as of the date hereof. All of the foregoing are subject to 
change, possibly with retroactive effect, or differing interpretations, which could affect the tax 
consequences described herein.  
As used herein, the term “U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of Notes that is, for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation 
created or organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof, or the District of 
Columbia, (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax without regard to 
its source, or (iv) a trust, if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision 
over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all 
substantial decisions of the trust, or the trust has validly elected to be treated as a domestic trust for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes.

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
 
If a partnership (or any other entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes) holds Notes, the tax treatment of the partnership and a partner in such partnership generally 
will depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Such partner or 
partnership should consult its own tax adviser as to the consequences of acquiring, owning or 
disposing of Notes.  
THE SUMMARY OF U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES SET OUT BELOW IS 
FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY. ALL PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS SHOULD 
CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISERS AS TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO 
THEM OF ACQUIRING, OWNING, AND DISPOSING OF THE NOTES, INCLUDING THE 
APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. AND OTHER 
TAX LAWS AND POSSIBLE CHANGES IN TAX LAW. 
Payments of Interest 
Interest on a Note, including any additional amounts, whether payable in U.S. dollars or a single 
currency other than U.S. dollars (a “foreign currency”), other than interest on a “Discount Note” that 
is not “qualified stated interest” (each as defined below under “Original Issue Discount — General”), 
but excluding any amount attributable to pre-issuance accrued interest, generally will be taxable to a 
U.S. Holder as ordinary income at the time it is received or accrued, depending on such holder’s 
method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, interest 
that is payable on a Note with a maturity of one year or less from its issue date after taking into 
account the last possible date that the Note could be outstanding under the terms of the Note (a 
“Short-Term Note”) is included in a U.S. Holder’s income under the rules described below under 
“Short-Term Notes”. Interest paid by the Issuer on the Notes and original issue discount (“OID”), if 
any, accrued with respect to the Notes (as described below under “Original Issue Discount”) generally 
will constitute income from sources outside the United States and generally will be treated as “passive 
category income” for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes. The creditability of non-U.S. income taxes is 
subject to limitations, including some that vary depending on a U.S. Holder’s circumstances. In 
addition, recently issued Treasury regulations require non-U.S. income tax laws to meet certain 
requirements in order for taxes imposed under such laws to be eligible for credit. The Issuer has not 
determined whether these requirements have been met with respect to Polish withholding taxes. U.S. 
Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the creditability or deductibility of Polish taxes 
withheld with respect to the Notes generally and in their particular circumstances. 
Original Issue Discount 
General 
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership of 
Notes issued with OID. 
A Note will be treated as issued with OID (a “Discount Note”) if the excess of the Note’s “stated 
redemption price at maturity” over its issue price is equal to or more than a de minimis amount (0.25% 
of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number of complete years to its 
maturity). An obligation that provides for the payment of amounts other than qualified stated interest 
before maturity will be treated as a Discount Note if the excess of the Note’s stated redemption price 
at maturity over its issue price is equal to or greater than 0.25% of the Note’s stated redemption price 
at maturity multiplied by the weighted average maturity of the Note. A Note’s weighted average 
maturity is the product of the following amounts determined for each payment on a Note (other than a 
payment of qualified stated interest): (i) the number of complete years from the issue date until the 
payment is made multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of the payment 
and the denominator of which is the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity. Generally, the issue 
price of a Note will be the first price at which a substantial amount of Notes included in the Series of 
which the Note is a part is sold to persons other than bond houses, brokers, or similar persons or 
organizations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents, or wholesalers. The stated 
redemption price at maturity of a Note is the total of all payments provided by the Note that are not

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
 
payments of “qualified stated interest”. A qualified stated interest payment generally is any one of a 
series of stated interest payments on a Note that are unconditionally payable at least annually during 
the entire term of the Note at a single fixed rate (with certain exceptions for certain first or final 
interest payments), or a variable rate (in the circumstances described below under “Variable Interest 
Rate Notes”), applied to the outstanding principal amount of the Note. Solely for the purposes of 
determining for U.S. federal income tax purposes whether a Note has OID and the yield and maturity 
of a Note, the Issuer may, under certain circumstances, be deemed to exercise any call option that has 
the effect of decreasing the yield on the Note, and the U.S. Holder may, under certain circumstances, 
be deemed to exercise any put option that has the effect of increasing the yield on the Note. If it was 
deemed that any call or put option would be exercised but was not in fact exercised, the Note would 
be treated solely for the purpose of calculating OID as if it were redeemed, and a new Note were 
issued, on the presumed exercise date for an amount equal to the Note’s adjusted issue price on that 
date. Notice may be given in the applicable Final Terms when the Issuer determines that a particular 
Note will be a Discount Note.  
U.S. Holders of Discount Notes must include OID in income calculated on a constant-yield method 
before the receipt of cash attributable to the income. The amount of OID includible in income by a 
U.S. Holder of a Discount Note is the sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to the Discount 
Note for each day during the taxable year or portion of the taxable year on which the U.S. Holder 
owns the Discount Note. The daily portion is determined by allocating to each day in any “accrual 
period” a pro rata portion of the OID allocable to that accrual period. Accrual periods with respect to a 
Note may be of any length selected by the U.S. Holder and may vary in length over the term of the 
Note as long as (i) no accrual period is longer than one year and (ii) each scheduled payment of 
interest or principal on the Note occurs on either the final or first day of an accrual period. The 
amount of OID allocable to an accrual period equals the excess of (a) the product of the Discount 
Note’s adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period and the Discount Note’s yield to 
maturity (determined on the basis of compounding at the close of each accrual period and properly 
adjusted for the length of the accrual period) over (b) the amount of qualified stated interest on the 
Note allocable to the accrual period. The “adjusted issue price” of a Discount Note at the beginning of 
any accrual period is the issue price of the Note increased by (x) the amount of accrued OID for each 
prior accrual period and decreased by (y) the amount of any payments previously made on the Note 
that were not qualified stated interest payments. 
Acquisition Premium  
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Discount Note for an amount less than or equal to the sum of all 
amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated interest, 
but in excess of its adjusted issue price (any such excess being “acquisition premium”) and that does 
not make the election described below under “Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue 
Discount”, is permitted to reduce the daily portions of OID by a fraction, the numerator of which is 
the excess of the U.S. Holder’s adjusted basis in the Note immediately after its purchase over the 
Note’s adjusted issue price, and the denominator of which is the excess of the sum of all amounts 
payable on the Note after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated interest, over the 
Note’s adjusted issue price.  
Variable Interest Rate Notes 
Notes that provide for interest at variable rates (“Variable Interest Rate Notes”) generally will bear 
interest at a “qualified floating rate” (as defined below) and thus will be treated as “variable rate debt 
instruments” under Treasury regulations governing accrual of OID. A Variable Interest Rate Note will 
qualify as a “variable rate debt instrument” if (a) its issue price does not exceed the total non-
contingent principal payments due under the Variable Interest Rate Note by more than a specified de 
minimis amount, (b) it provides for stated interest, paid or compounded at least annually, at (i) one or 
more qualified floating rates, (ii) a single fixed rate and one or more qualified floating rates, (iii) a 
single objective rate, or (iv) a single fixed rate and a single objective rate that is a qualified inverse

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
 
floating rate, and (c) it does not provide for any principal payments that are contingent (other than as 
described in (a) above). 
A “qualified floating rate” is any variable rate where variations in the value of the rate can reasonably 
be expected to measure contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the 
currency in which the Variable Interest Rate Note is denominated. A fixed multiple of a qualified 
floating rate will constitute a qualified floating rate only if the multiple is greater than 0.65 but not 
more than 1.35. A variable rate equal to the product of a qualified floating rate and a fixed multiple 
that is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35, increased or decreased by a fixed rate, will also 
constitute a qualified floating rate. In addition, two or more qualified floating rates that can reasonably 
be expected to have approximately the same values throughout the term of the Variable Interest Rate 
Note (e.g., two or more qualified floating rates with values within 25 basis points of each other as 
determined on the Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date) will be treated as a single qualified 
floating rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a variable rate that would otherwise constitute a 
qualified floating rate but which is subject to one or more restrictions such as a maximum numerical 
limitation (i.e., a cap) or a minimum numerical limitation (i.e., a floor) may, under certain 
circumstances, fail to be treated as a qualified floating rate. 
An “objective rate” is a rate that is not itself a qualified floating rate but which is determined using a 
single fixed formula and which is based on objective financial or economic information (e.g., one or 
more qualified floating rates or the yield of actively traded personal property). A rate will not qualify 
as an objective rate if it is based on information that is within the control of the Issuer (or a related 
party) or that is unique to the circumstances of the Issuer (or a related party), such as dividends, 
profits or the value of the Issuer’s stock (although a rate does not fail to be an objective rate merely 
because it is based on the credit quality of the Issuer). Other variable interest rates may be treated as 
objective rates if so designated by the IRS in the future. Despite the foregoing, a variable rate of 
interest on a Variable Interest Rate Note will not constitute an objective rate if it is reasonably 
expected that the average value of the rate during the first half of the Variable Interest Rate Note’s 
term will be either significantly less than or significantly greater than the average value of the rate 
during the final half of the Variable Interest Rate Note’s term. A “qualified inverse floating rate” is 
any objective rate where the rate is equal to a fixed rate minus a qualified floating rate, as long as 
variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to inversely reflect contemporaneous variations in 
the qualified floating rate. If a Variable Interest Rate Note provides for stated interest at a fixed rate 
for an initial period of one year or less followed by a variable rate that is either a qualified floating 
rate or an objective rate for a subsequent period and if the variable rate on the Variable Interest Rate 
Note’s issue date is intended to approximate the fixed rate (e.g., the value of the variable rate on the 
issue date does not differ from the value of the fixed rate by more than 25 basis points), then the fixed 
rate and the variable rate together will constitute either a single qualified floating rate or objective 
rate, as the case may be. 
A qualified floating rate or objective rate in effect at any time during the term of the instrument must 
be set at a “current value” of that rate. A “current value” of a rate is the value of the rate on any day 
that is no earlier than three months prior to the first day on which that value is in effect and no later 
than one year following that first day. 
If a Variable Interest Rate Note that provides for stated interest at either a single qualified floating rate 
or a single objective rate throughout the term thereof qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument”, 
then any stated interest on the Note which is unconditionally payable in cash or property (other than 
debt instruments of the Issuer) at least annually will constitute qualified stated interest and will be 
taxed accordingly. Thus, a Variable Interest Rate Note that provides for stated interest at either a 
single qualified floating rate or a single objective rate throughout the term thereof and that qualifies as 
a “variable rate debt instrument” will generally not be treated as having been issued with OID unless 
the Variable Interest Rate Note is issued at a “true” discount (i.e., at a price below the Note’s stated 
principal amount) equal to or in excess of a specified de minimis amount. OID on a Variable Interest 
Rate Note arising from “true” discount is allocated to an accrual period using the constant yield 
method described above by assuming that the variable rate is a fixed rate equal to (i) in the case of a

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
 
qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, the value, as of the issue date, of the qualified 
floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, or (ii) in the case of an objective rate (other than a 
qualified inverse floating rate), a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected for the 
Variable Interest Rate Note. 
In general, any other Variable Interest Rate Note that qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument” 
will be converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument for purposes of determining the 
amount and accrual of OID and qualified stated interest on the Variable Interest Rate Note. Such a 
Variable Interest Rate Note must be converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument by 
substituting any qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate provided for under the terms 
of the Variable Interest Rate Note with a fixed rate equal to the value of the qualified floating rate or 
qualified inverse floating rate, as the case may be, as of the Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date. 
Any objective rate (other than a qualified inverse floating rate) provided for under the terms of the 
Variable Interest Rate Note is converted into a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably 
expected for the Variable Interest Rate Note. In the case of a Variable Interest Rate Note that qualifies 
as a “variable rate debt instrument” and provides for stated interest at a fixed rate in addition to either 
one or more qualified floating rates or a qualified inverse floating rate, the fixed rate is initially 
converted into a qualified floating rate (or a qualified inverse floating rate, if the Variable Interest 
Rate Note provides for a qualified inverse floating rate). Under these circumstances, the qualified 
floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate that replaces the fixed rate must be calculated such that 
the fair market value of the Variable Interest Rate Note as of the Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue 
date is approximately the same as the fair market value of an otherwise identical debt instrument that 
provides for either the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate rather than the fixed 
rate. Subsequent to converting the fixed rate into either a qualified floating rate or a qualified inverse 
floating rate, the Variable Interest Rate Note is converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt 
instrument in the manner described above. 
Once the Variable Interest Rate Note is converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument 
pursuant to the foregoing rules, the amount of OID and qualified stated interest, if any, are determined 
for the “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument by applying the general OID rules to the “equivalent” 
fixed rate debt instrument and a U.S. Holder of the Variable Interest Rate Note will account for the 
OID and qualified stated interest as if the U.S. Holder held the “equivalent” fixed rate debt 
instrument. In each accrual period, appropriate adjustments will be made to the amount of qualified 
stated interest or OID assumed to have been accrued or paid with respect to the “equivalent” fixed rate 
debt instrument in the event that these amounts differ from the actual amount of interest accrued or 
paid on the Variable Interest Rate Note during the accrual period. 
If a Variable Interest Rate Note does not qualify as a “variable rate debt instrument”, then the 
Variable Interest Rate Note will be treated as a contingent payment debt obligation. Special rules 
apply to “contingent payment debt instruments” under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, and this 
summary does not discuss those rules. In the event the Issuer issues contingent payment debt 
instruments, the applicable Final Terms may describe the material U.S. federal income tax 
consequences thereof. 
Amortizable Bond Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Note for an amount in excess of its principal amount, or for a Discount 
Note, its stated redemption price at maturity, may elect to treat the excess as “amortizable bond 
premium”, in which case the amount required to be included in the U.S. Holder’s income each year 
with respect to interest on the Note will be reduced by the amount of amortizable bond premium 
allocable (based on the Note’s yield to maturity) to that year. Any amounts attributable to pre-
issuance accrued interest are ignored in determining the “amortizable bond premium”.  Special rules 
may limit the amortization of bond premium with respect to Notes subject to early redemption. Any 
election to amortize bond premium will apply to all bonds (other than bonds the interest on which is 
excludable from gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes) held by the U.S. Holder at the 
beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
 
Holder, and is irrevocable without the consent of the IRS. See also “Election to Treat All Interest as 
Original Issue Discount”. A U.S. Holder who elects to amortize bond premium must reduce its tax 
basis in the Note by the amount of the premium amortized in any year. Bond premium on a Note held 
by a U.S. Holder that does not make such an election will decrease the gain or increase the loss 
otherwise recognized on disposition of the Note.  
Market Discount 
If a U.S. Holder of a Note purchases the Note at a price that is lower than stated redemption price at 
maturity (i.e., the total of all future payments to be made on the Note other than payments of qualified 
stated interest) (or in the case of a Discount Note, its adjusted issue price) by at least 0.25 percent of 
its stated redemption price at maturity or adjusted issue price, respectively, multiplied by the number 
of remaining whole years to maturity (or, in the case of a Note that is an installment obligation, the 
Note’s weighted average remaining maturity), the Note will be considered to have “market discount” 
in the hands of such U.S. Holder. In such case, gain realized by the U.S. Holder on the disposition of 
the Note generally will be treated as ordinary income to the extent of the market discount that accrued 
on the Note while held by the U.S. Holder. In addition, the U.S. Holder could be required to defer the 
deduction of a portion of the interest paid on any indebtedness incurred or maintained to purchase or 
carry the Note. In general terms, market discount on a Note will be treated as accruing ratably over 
the term of the Note, or, at the election of the U.S. Holder, under a constant-yield method, and such 
election applies only to such Note with respect to which it is made and is irrevocable.  
A U.S. Holder may elect to include market discount in income on a current basis as it accrues (on 
either a ratable or constant-yield basis), in lieu of treating a portion of any gain realized on a sale of a 
Note as ordinary income. If a U.S. Holder elects to include market discount on a current basis, the 
interest deduction deferral rule described above will not apply. Any such election, if made, applies to 
all market discount bonds acquired by the taxpayer on or after the first day of the first taxable year to 
which such election applies and is revocable only with the consent of the IRS. 
Short-Term Notes 
A Short-Term Note will be treated as issued at a discount and none of the interest paid on the Note 
will be treated as qualified stated interest. U.S. Holders that report income for federal income tax 
purposes on an accrual method are required to include OID in income on such Short-Term Note on a 
straight-line basis, unless an election is made to accrue the OID according to a constant yield method 
based on daily compounding. 
Other U.S. Holders of a Short-Term Note are generally not required to accrue OID for federal income 
tax purposes, unless they elect to do so, with the consequence that the reporting of such income is 
deferred until it is received. In the case of a U.S. Holder that is not required, and does not elect, to 
include OID in income currently, any gain realized on the sale, exchange or retirement of a 
Short-Term Note is ordinary income to the extent of the OID accrued on a straight-line basis (or, if 
elected, according to a constant yield method based on daily compounding) through the date of sale, 
exchange or retirement. In addition, U.S. Holders that are not required, and do not elect, to include 
OID in income currently are required to defer deductions for any interest paid on indebtedness 
incurred or continued to purchase or carry a Short-Term Note in an amount not exceeding the deferred 
interest income with respect to such Short-Term Note (which includes both the accrued OID and 
accrued interest that are payable but that have not been included in gross income), until such deferred 
interest income is realized. A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in a Short-Term Note is increased by the amount 
included in such holder’s income on such a Note. 
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount 
A U.S. Holder may elect to include in gross income all interest that accrues on a Note using the 
constant-yield method described above under “Original Issue Discount — General”, with certain 
modifications. For purposes of this election, interest includes stated interest, OID, de minimis OID, 
and unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortizable bond premium (described above under

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
 
“Amortizable Bond Premium”). A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in a Note will be increased such amounts 
accrued under the constant yield election described in this paragraph. This election will generally 
apply only to the Note with respect to which it is made and may not be revoked without the consent of 
the IRS. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the propriety and consequences of 
this election. 
Sale, Exchange or Retirement of Notes 
A U.S. Holder will generally recognize gain or loss on the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note 
equal to the difference between the amount realized on the sale, exchange or retirement and the U.S. 
Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will be 
its cost, increased by the amount of any OID (including any amounts treated as OID as described 
above under “Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount”) or market discount included 
in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note and the amount, if any, of income attributable to 
de minimis OID and de minimis market discount and reduced by (i) the amount of any payments that 
are not qualified stated interest payments, (ii) any amounts paid on the Notes that are attributable to 
pre-issuance accrued interest and (iii) the amount of any amortizable bond premium applied to reduce 
interest on the Note. The amount realized does not include the amount attributable to accrued but 
unpaid qualified stated interest (and any additional amounts paid with respect thereto), which will be 
taxable as interest income to the extent not previously included in income. Except to the extent 
attributable to changes in exchange rates (as discussed below), gain or loss recognized on the sale, 
exchange or retirement of a Note will generally be U.S. source capital gain or loss and will be 
long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder has held the Note for more than one year at the time 
of the sale, exchange, or retirement. In the case of an individual U.S. Holder, any such gain may be 
eligible for preferential U.S. federal income tax rates if the U.S. Holder satisfies certain prescribed 
minimum holding periods. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. Polish taxes (if 
any) imposed on any gain recognized on the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note generally will not 
be creditable for U.S foreign tax credit purposes. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers 
regarding the creditability or deductibility of Polish taxes imposed on the gain recognized on the sale, 
exchange or retirement of a Note and the impact of any such Polish taxes on the determination of the 
amount realized. 
Foreign Currency Notes 
The following summary describes certain special rules applicable to a U.S. Holder of a Note that is 
denominated in a single currency other than the U.S. dollar or the payments of interest or principal 
which are payable in a single currency other than the U.S. dollar (a “Foreign Currency Note”). 
However, the U.S. federal income tax consequences to a U.S. Holder of the ownership and disposition 
Notes that are not Foreign Currency Notes are not discussed herein and may be discussed in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Interest 
If an interest payment (other than OID) is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign 
currency, the amount of income recognized by a cash basis U.S. Holder will be the U.S. dollar value 
of the interest payment, based on the exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of 
whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. 
An accrual basis U.S. Holder may determine the amount of income recognized with respect to an 
interest payment (including OID and reduced by amortizable bond premium to the extent applicable) 
denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency in accordance with either of two 
methods. Under the first method, the amount of income accrued will be based on the average 
exchange rate in effect during the interest accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that 
spans two taxable years of a U.S. Holder, the part of the period within the taxable year). 
Under the second method, an accrual basis U.S. Holder may elect to determine the amount of income 
accrued on the basis of the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the accrual period (or, in the case

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
 
of an accrual period that spans two taxable years, the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the part 
of the period within the taxable year). Additionally, if a payment of interest is actually received within 
five business days of the last day of the accrual period, an electing accrual basis U.S. Holder may 
instead translate the accrued interest into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect on the day of 
actual receipt. Any such election will apply to all debt instruments held by the U.S. Holder at the 
beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. 
Holder, and will be irrevocable without the consent of the IRS. 
Upon receipt of an interest payment (including a payment attributable to accrued but unpaid interest 
upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note) denominated in, or determined by reference to, a 
foreign currency, the accrual basis U.S. Holder may recognize U.S. source exchange gain or loss 
(taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the difference between the amount received (translated 
into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and the amount previously accrued, regardless 
of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. Amounts attributable to pre-issuance 
accrued interest will generally not be includable in income, except to the extent of foreign currency 
gain or loss attributable to any changes in exchange rates during the period between the date the U.S. 
Holder acquired the Note and the first Interest Payment Date. This foreign currency gain or loss will 
be treated as U.S. source ordinary income or loss and generally will not be treated as an adjustment to 
interest income received on the Note. 
OID 
OID for each accrual period on a Discount Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, 
a foreign currency will be determined in the foreign currency and then translated into U.S. dollars in 
the same manner as stated interest accrued by an accrual basis U.S. Holder, as described above. Upon 
receipt of an amount attributable to OID (whether in connection with a payment on the Note or a sale, 
exchange or retirement of the Note), a U.S. Holder may recognize U.S. source exchange gain or loss 
(taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the difference between the amount received (translated 
into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt or on the date of disposition of the Note, as the 
case may be) and the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact 
converted into U.S. dollars. 
Bond Premium 
Bond premium (including acquisition premium) on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by 
reference to, a foreign currency, will be computed in units of the foreign currency, and any such bond 
premium that is taken into account currently will reduce interest income (or OID) in units of the 
foreign currency. On the date bond premium offsets interest income (or OID), a U.S. Holder may 
recognize U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the amount 
offset multiplied by the difference between the spot rate in effect on the date of the offset, and the spot 
rate in effect on the date the Notes were acquired by the U.S. Holder. A U.S. Holder that does not 
elect to take bond premium (other than acquisition premium) into account currently will recognize a 
capital loss when the Note matures. 
Market Discount 
Market discount on a Foreign Currency Note will be accrued by a U.S. Holder in the specified 
currency. The amount includible in income by a U.S. Holder in respect of such accrued market 
discount will be the U.S. dollar value of the amount accrued, generally calculated at the exchange rate 
in effect on the date that the Note is disposed of by the U.S. Holder. Any accrued market discount on 
a Foreign Currency Note that is currently includible in income will be translated into U.S. dollars at 
the average exchange rate for the accrual period (or portion thereof within the U.S. holder’s taxable 
year). A U.S. Holder that does not elect to include market discount in income currently will recognize, 
upon the sale or retirement of the Note, the U.S. dollar value of the amount accrued, calculated at the 
spot rate on that date, and no part of this accrued market discount will be treated as exchange gain or 
loss.

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
 
Sale, Exchange or Retirement of Foreign Currency Notes 
As discussed above under “Sale, Exchange or Retirement of Notes”, a U.S. Holder will generally 
recognize gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference between the amount 
realized on the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition and its adjusted tax basis in the 
Note. A U.S. Holder’s initial tax basis in a Note that is denominated in a foreign currency will be 
determined by reference to the U.S. dollar cost of the Note. 
The U.S. dollar cost of a Note purchased with foreign currency will generally be the U.S. dollar value 
of the purchase price translated at the spot rate on the date of purchase. In the case of Notes 
considered to be traded on an established securities market under the applicable U.S. Treasury 
Regulations, a cash-basis U.S. Holder and an accrual-basis U.S. Holder that so elects will determine 
the U.S. dollar cost of such Notes by translating the foreign currency purchase price at the spot rate of 
exchange on the settlement date of the purchase. 
The amount realized on a sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition for an amount in 
foreign currency will generally be the U.S. dollar value of such foreign currency amount translated at 
the spot rate on the date of the disposition. In the case of Notes considered to be traded on an 
established securities market under the applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations, a cash basis U.S. Holder 
(or an accrual basis U.S. Holder that so elects), will determine the amount realized on the disposition 
by translating such foreign currency amount at the spot rate of exchange on the settlement date of the 
disposition. Such an election by an accrual basis U.S. Holder must be applied consistently from year 
to year and cannot be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder will recognize exchange rate gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) on the 
sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Note equal to the difference, if any, 
between the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. Holder’s purchase price (excluding any bond premium 
previously amortized) for the Note (i) on the date of the disposition and (ii) on the date on which the 
U.S. Holder acquired the Note. Any such exchange rate gain or loss will be realized only to the extent 
of total gain or loss realized on the disposition (including any exchange gain or loss with respect to 
the receipt of accrued but unpaid interest (including OID)). The source of the foreign currency gain or 
loss realized by a U.S. Holder will be U.S.-source ordinary income or loss. Any gain or loss realized 
by these holders in excess of the foreign currency gain or loss will be capital gain or loss (except in 
the case of a Short-Term Note, to the extent of any discount not previously included in the holder’s 
income), and will be treated in the manner described above in “Sale, Exchange or Retirement of 
Notes”. If a U.S. Holder recognizes a loss upon a sale or other disposition of a Foreign Currency Note 
and such loss is above certain thresholds, then such holder may be required to file a disclosure 
statement with the IRS. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding this reporting 
obligation, as discussed under “Reportable Transactions” below. 
Any gain or loss realized by a U.S. Holder on a sale or other disposition of foreign currency 
(including its exchange for U.S. dollars or its use to purchase Foreign Currency Notes) will be 
U.S.-source ordinary income or loss. 
Other Notes 
A description of the principal U.S. federal income tax considerations relevant to U.S. Holders of any 
other type of Note that the Issuer may issue under the Programme may be set forth, if required, in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
Further Issues 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the holders of outstanding Notes, issue additional Notes with 
identical terms. These additional Notes, even if they are treated for non-tax purposes as part of the 
same series as the original Notes, in some cases may be treated as a separate series for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. In such a case, the additional Notes may be considered to have been issued with

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
 
OID even if the original Notes had no OID. These differences may affect the market value of the 
original Notes if the additional Notes are not otherwise distinguishable from the original Notes. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
In general, payments of interest and accruals of OID on, and the proceeds of a sale, exchange or 
retirement of, the Notes, by a U.S. or U.S.-connected paying agent or other U.S. or U.S.-connected 
intermediary will be reported to the IRS and to the U.S. Holder as may be required under applicable 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Backup withholding will apply to these payments, including payments of 
accrued OID, if the U.S. Holder fails to provide an accurate taxpayer identification number or 
certification of exempt status or otherwise fails to comply with all applicable certification 
requirements. Certain U.S. Holders are not subject to backup withholding. U.S. Holders should 
consult their tax advisers as to their qualification for exemption from backup withholding and the 
procedure for obtaining an exemption. 
The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a U.S. Holder will be allowed as a credit 
against such U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle it to a refund, provided 
the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding any reporting obligations they have as a 
result of their acquisition, ownership or disposition of the Notes. Failure to comply with these 
reporting or filing obligations could result in the imposition of substantial penalties. 
Reportable Transactions 
A U.S. taxpayer that participates in a “reportable transaction” will be required to disclose its 
participation to the IRS. Under the relevant rules, if the Notes are denominated in a foreign currency, 
a U.S. Holder may be required to treat a foreign currency exchange loss from the Notes as a 
reportable transaction if this loss exceeds the relevant threshold in the regulations (U.S.$50,000 in a 
single taxable year, if the U.S. Holder is an individual or trust, or higher amounts for other non-
individual U.S. Holders), and to disclose its investment by filing Form 8886 with the IRS. A penalty 
in the amount of U.S.$10,000 in the case of a natural person and U.S.$50,000 in all other cases is 
generally imposed on any taxpayer that fails to timely file an information return with the IRS with 
respect to a transaction resulting in a loss that is treated as a reportable transaction. Prospective 
purchasers are urged to consult their tax advisers regarding the application of these rules. 
Foreign Financial Asset Reporting 
U.S. taxpayers that own certain foreign financial assets, including debt of non-U.S. entities, with 
an aggregate value in excess of U.S.$50,000 at the end of the taxable year or U.S.$75,000 at any 
time during the taxable year (or, for certain individuals living outside of the United States and 
married individuals filing joint returns, certain higher thresholds) may be required to file an 
information report with respect to such assets with their tax returns. The Notes are expected to 
constitute foreign financial assets subject to these requirements unless the Notes are held in an 
account at a financial institution (in which case the account may be reportable if maintained by 
a foreign financial institution). U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the 
application of the rules relating to foreign financial asset reporting.FATCA 
Pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (provisions commonly known as “FATCA”), 
and subject to the proposed regulations discussed below, a “foreign financial institution” (as defined 
by FATCA, and including an intermediary through which Notes are held) may be required to 
withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30 percent on certain “foreign passthru payments” to the extent such 
payments are treated as attributable to certain U.S. source payments. Obligations issued on or prior to 
the date that is six months after applicable final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
filed in the Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” unless materially modified after such 
date. Accordingly, if the Issuer is treated as a foreign financial institution, FATCA would apply to 
payments on the Notes only if there is a significant modification of the Notes for U.S. federal income

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
 
tax purposes after the expiration of this grandfathering period. Under proposed regulations, any 
withholding on foreign passthru payments on Notes that are not otherwise grandfathered would apply 
to passthru payments made on or after the date that is two years after the date of publication in the 
Federal Register of applicable final regulations defining foreign passthru payments. Taxpayers 
generally may rely on these proposed regulations until final regulations are issued. Non-U.S. 
governments (including the Republic of Poland) have entered into agreements with the United States 
(and additional non-U.S. governments are expected to enter into such agreements) to implement 
FATCA in a manner that alters the rules described herein. Holders should consult their tax advisors on 
how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding under 
FATCA is imposed with respect to any payments on the Notes, there will be no additional amounts 
payable to compensate for the withheld amount.

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banco Santander, S.A., Bank 
Pekao S.A., BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., J.P. Morgan SE and 
Société Générale (together the “Dealers”). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to 
time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed for by, Dealers are set out in the Dealer 
Agreement and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make 
provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes 
will be subscribed for by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) 
payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer Agreement makes 
provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the 
appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. The Dealers will be entitled in certain circumstances to be released 
and discharged from their obligations under the Dealer Agreement prior to the closing of an issue of 
Notes, including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered or met to their 
satisfaction on the relevant Issue Date. In this situation, such issuance of Notes may not be completed. 
Investors will have no rights against the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer in respect of any expense 
incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
United States of America 
Guaranteed Notes  
The following provisions apply to Guaranteed Notes only. 
The Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes may not be 
offered or sold within the United States. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the Code and regulations thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C or 
TEFRA D applies or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
The Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes are being offered and sold outside of the United States in 
reliance on Regulation S. The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers may directly or through 
their respective U.S. broker-dealer affiliates arrange for the offer and resale of the Notes within the 
United States only to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A. 
An offer or sale of Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes from that offering within the United States 
by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A, or 
another available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Notes other than Guaranteed Notes  
The following provisions apply to Notes other than Guaranteed Notes only. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the Code and regulations thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C or 
TEFRA D applies or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of 
the commencement of the offering and the closing date of the relevant Tranche within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each 
dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation 
or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside of the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers may directly or through their 
respective U.S. broker-dealer affiliates arrange for the offer and resale of the Notes within the United 
States only to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, 
any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A, or another available exemption from registration under 
the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes other than Guaranteed Notes includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or 
ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes other than Guaranteed Notes does not include a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in that Member State: 
a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
 
b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer and 
provided that, with respect to Poland, each person who has been an addressee of any offering 
of the Notes within a period of 12 consecutive months shall be included in this number; or  
c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in sub-clauses (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes other than Guaranteed Notes includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK 
by virtue of the EUWA; or 
iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes other than Guaranteed Notes does not include a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it 
has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the 
United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
c) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
d) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United 
Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by 
the Issuer for any such offer; or

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
 
e) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the 
FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in sub-clauses (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other United Kingdom regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
A. whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
B. who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in 
investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in 
connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor; and 
c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise 
involving the UK. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”) and, accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. As used in this 
paragraph, “resident of Japan” means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other 
entity organised under the laws of Japan.

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Offering Circular has not been registered as a prospectus with 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
agreed that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, 
nor will it circulate or distribute, this Offering Circular or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined 
in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in 
Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 
275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or 
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of 
the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed for or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
i) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned 
by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
ii) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) 
of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not 
be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to 
an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(A) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(B) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(C) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(D) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(E) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.  
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, unless otherwise 
specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes issued under the Programme are 
“prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and “Excluded 
Investment Products” (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAAN16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from requirement to prepare and publish a 
prospectus under the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) because the Notes will not be admitted 
to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. This 
Offering Circular does not constitute a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and no such prospectus has 
been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the Notes, and neither this Offering

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
 
Circular nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed 
or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General  
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses or distributes this Offering Circular. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating 
to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of 
change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and 
regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described 
in the paragraph headed “General”. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification will be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or (in any other case) in a supplement to 
this Offering Circular.

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
Restricted Notes 
Each purchaser of Restricted Notes and, in the case of Restricted Notes which are Guaranteed Notes, 
the Guarantee of the Notes, within the United States pursuant to Rule 144A, by accepting delivery of 
this Offering Circular and the Restricted Notes, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and 
acknowledged that: 
1. 
It is not an affiliate of the Issuer or acting on behalf of the Issuer, and it is (a) a QIB, (b) 
acquiring such Restricted Notes for its own account, or for the account of one or more QIBs, 
and (c) aware, and each beneficial owner of the Restricted Notes has been advised, that the 
sale of the Restricted Notes to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A. 
2. 
(i) The Restricted Notes and, in the case of Restricted Notes which are Guaranteed Notes, the 
Guarantee of the Notes, have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and 
may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (a) in accordance with Rule 
144A to a person that it, and any person acting on its behalf, reasonably believes is a QIB 
purchasing for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs, (b) in an offshore 
transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, or (c) pursuant to an 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if 
available) in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the 
United States and (ii) it will, and each subsequent holder of the Restricted Notes is required 
to, notify any purchaser of the Restricted Notes from it of the resale restrictions on the 
Restricted Notes. 
3. 
The Restricted Notes, unless the Issuer determines otherwise in accordance with applicable 
law, will bear a legend in or substantially in the following form: 
THIS NOTE [AND THE GUARANTEE IN RESPECT HEREOF] [HAS][HAVE] NOT 
BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 
(THE 
“SECURITIES 
ACT“), 
OR 
WITH 
ANY 
SECURITIES 
REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES 
AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
(“RULE 144A“) TO A PERSON THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON 
ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVE IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER 
WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A (A “QIB“) PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QIBS, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION 
S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION UNDER RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IF AVAILABLE, 
(4) TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AFFILIATES OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF 
THE UNITED STATES. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE 
AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 FOR RESALES OF 
THE INSTRUMENTS. 
4. 
It understands that the Issuer, the Registrar, the relevant Dealer(s) and their affiliates, and 
others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements. If it is acquiring any Notes and, in the case of Restricted 
Notes which are Guaranteed Notes, any Guarantee of the Notes, for the account of one or 
more QIBs, it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each of those 
accounts and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations 
and agreements on behalf of each such account.

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
 
5. 
It understands that the Restricted Notes will be represented by a Restricted Global Registered 
Note. Before any interest in a Restricted Global Registered Note may be offered, sold, 
pledged or otherwise transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in 
an Unrestricted Global Registered Note, it will be required to provide a Transfer Agent with a 
written certification (in the form provided in the Agency Agreement) as to compliance with 
applicable securities laws. 
Unrestricted Notes 
The following provisions apply to Notes other than Guaranteed Notes only. 
Each purchaser of Unrestricted Notes outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and each 
subsequent purchaser of such Unrestricted Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution 
compliance period, by accepting delivery of this Offering Circular and the Unrestricted Notes, will be 
deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
1. 
It is, or at the time Unrestricted Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such 
Unrestricted Notes and (a) it is not a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States 
(within the meaning of Regulation S) and (b) it is not an affiliate of the Issuer or a person 
acting on behalf of such an affiliate. 
2. 
It understands that such Unrestricted Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and that, prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, it will 
not offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Unrestricted Notes except (a) in accordance 
with Rule 144A under the Securities Act to a person that it and any person acting on its behalf 
reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own account, or for the account of one or 
more QIBs or (b) to a non-U.S. person in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 
or Rule 904 of Regulation S, in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of 
any State of the United States. 
3. 
It understands that the Issuer, the Registrar, the relevant Dealer(s) and their affiliates, and 
others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements. 
4. 
It understands that the Unrestricted Notes will be represented by an Unrestricted Global 
Registered Note, or as the case may be, a Global Note. Prior to the expiration of the 
distribution compliance period, before any interest in an Unrestricted Global Registered Note 
may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred to a person who takes delivery in the 
form of an interest in a Restricted Global Registered Note, it will be required to provide a 
Transfer Agent with a written certification (in the form provided in the Agency Agreement) 
as to compliance with applicable securities laws.

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme described in this Offering Circular to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock 
exchange as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Authorisations 
Each of the Issuer and Guarantor has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, 
approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes and the 
Guarantee of the Notes. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. In 
addition, the Issuer may make an application with respect to any Notes to be accepted for trading in 
book-entry form by DTC. Acceptance by DTC of Notes of each Tranche issued by the Issuer will be 
confirmed in the Final Terms relating thereto. The appropriate Common Code, the International 
Securities Identification Number, (where applicable) the Committee on Uniform Security 
Identification Procedure number and (where applicable) the identification number in relation to the 
Notes of each Series will be specified in the Final Terms relating thereto. The relevant Final Terms 
shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance 
together with any further appropriate information. 
Euroclear’s address is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium. Clearstream, 
Luxembourg’s address is 42, avenue Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg. DTC’s address is 55 
Water Street, New York, New York 10041 USA. 
Litigation 
Except as disclosed in the section Description of the Issuer – Legal proceedings on page 190 of this 
Offering Circular, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have 
had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Offering Circular, a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
Material/Significant Change 
Save as disclosed in the section “Risk Factors” under the risk factors titled “Deterioration in Poland’s 
economic conditions could affect the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations” 
and “Russian aggression in Ukraine could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
results of operations and financial position”, there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer and/or the Group since 31 December 2022.  
Save as disclosed in the section “Risk Factors” under the risk factors titled “Deterioration in Poland’s 
economic conditions could affect the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations” 
and “Russian aggression in Ukraine could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
results of operations and financial position”, there has been no significant change in the financial 
position or financial performance of the Issuer and/or the Group since 31 December 2022.

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies and, where 
appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be inspected during normal business 
hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and the Listing Agent in Luxembourg, namely: 
a) 
the Guarantees of the Notes; 
b) 
the Agency Agreement; 
c) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
d) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); 
e) 
the Act dated 14 March 2003 on Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego and the Regulation of the 
Minister of Development dated 16 September 2016 on the Adoption of the Statute of Bank 
Gospodarstwa Krajowego; 
f) 
the resolutions of the Management Board of the Issuer authorising the issuance of each 
Tranche of the Notes; 
g) 
the resolutions of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer authorising the issuance of each 
Tranche of the Notes; and 
h) 
the Letters of Issue relating to each Tranche of the Notes for which a Letter of Issue is 
required by law, 
and copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be obtained, 
free of charge, during normal business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and at the 
specified office of the Paying Agent: 
(A) 
this Offering Circular (and any supplements hereto); 
(B) 
the Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. In the case of any Notes which 
are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of the relevant Notes upon production of evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity; 
(C) 
the consolidated financial statements of the Group (together with the opinion and report of the 
auditor) for the three most recent financial years; 
(D) 
the standalone financial statements of the Issuer (together with the opinion and report of the 
auditor) for the three most recent financial years; and 
(E) 
the Prospectus accompanying the Prospectus Supplement of the State Treasury of the 
Republic of Poland dated 28 March 2023. 
In addition, this Offering Circular, any supplements hereto and the documents specified as containing 
information incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular will also be available on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). The Issuer publishes reports on an annual basis 
which are available free of charge and without access restrictions on the Issuer’s website, 
www.en.bgk.pl/investor-relations/annual-report. The Polish language versions of the Act dated 
14 March 2003 on Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego and the Regulation of the Minister of 
Development dated 16 September 2016 on the Adoption of the Statute of Bank Gospodarstwa 
Krajowego constituting the Issuer’s up-to-date memorandum and articles of association are available 
free of charge and without access restrictions on the Issuer’s website, www.bgk.pl/przydatne-
informacje/standardy-dzialania/lad-korporacyjny/. English translations of the Act dated 14 March

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
 
2003 on Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego and the Regulation of the Minister of Development dated 
16 September 2016 on the Adoption of the Statute of Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego constituting the 
Issuer’s up-to-date memorandum and articles of association are available free of charge and without 
access 
restrictions 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website, 
https://www.en.bgk.pl/about-us/investor-
relations/operating-standards/. 
Auditors 
The Group’s consolidated financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2022, 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020 and the Issuer’s standalone financial statements for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 have been 
audited by Małgorzata Pek-Kocik, statutory auditor, member of the National Chamber of Statutory 
Auditors (Polska Izba Biegłych Rewidentów), licence no. 13070, acting on behalf of Mazars Audyt 
spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością with its registered office in Warsaw at ul. Piękna 18, 00-549 
Warsaw, an entity authorised to audit financial statements entered on the list kept by the National 
Chamber of Statutory Auditors (Polska Izba Biegłych Rewidentów) under no. 186 and Mazars Audyt 
spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością have rendered unqualified audit reports on these financial 
statements of the Group and the Issuer. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on 
the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as 
at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their 
affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related 
derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on 
behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to 
manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for 
the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates. Certain of the Dealers of their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer and the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit 
exposure to the Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation 
of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Issuer Website 
The Issuer’s website is https://www.en.bgk.pl/. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this 
Offering Circular, information contained on the website does not form part of this Offering Circular.

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
 
Validity of Offering Circular and supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Offering Circular 
after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 259400BCOV9JJIGLYF05.

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego 
Al. Jerozolimskie 7 
00-955 Warsaw 
Poland 
THE GUARANTOR 
The Republic of Poland 
Ministry of Finance 
ul. Świętokrzyska 12 
00-916 Warsaw 
Poland 
ARRANGER 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
DEALERS 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
Bank Pekao S.A. 
ul. Grzybowska 53/57 
00-844 Warsaw 
Poland 
 
BNP Paribas 
16 boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT, 
TRANSFER AGENT AND EXCHANGE 
AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Citibank Europe plc, Dublin Branch 
1 North Wall Quay  
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English and U.S. law: 
To the Issuer as to Polish law: 
White & Case LLP 
5 Old Broad Street 
London EC2N 1DW 
United Kingdom 
 
White & Case M. Studniarek i Wspólnicy - 
Kancelaria Prawna sp.k. 
Al. Jana Pawła II 22 
00-133 Warsaw 
Poland 
To the Dealers as to English and U.S. law: 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
To the Dealers as to Polish law: 
Linklaters C. Wiśniewski i Wspólnicy Sp.k 
Al. Jana Pawła II 22 
00-133 Warsaw 
Poland 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg