--- Page 1 ---
i 
 
 
Bank of New Zealand 
(incorporated in New Zealand with limited liability under registered number 428849) 
 
NZ$10,000,000,000 BNZ Covered Bond Programme 
 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by 
CBG Trustee Company Limited 
(incorporated in New Zealand with limited liability under registered number 2467131) 
as trustee of the BNZ Covered Bond Trust and Covered Bond Guarantor 
 
Under the NZ$10,000,000,000 BNZ Covered Bond Programme (the Programme) established by Bank of New Zealand (BNZ and the Issuer) and BNZ International Funding 
Limited, acting through its London Branch (BNZ-IF) on the Programme Date, the Issuer may from time to time issue bonds (the Covered Bonds) denominated in any 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). The price and amount of the Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. Any Covered Bonds issued under the Programme on 
or after the date of this Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions described herein.  
CBG Trustee Company Limited (the Covered Bond Guarantor) has guaranteed payments of interest and principal under the Covered Bonds pursuant to a guarantee which 
is secured over the Mortgage Loans and the Related Security (as defined below) and its other assets. Recourse against the Covered Bond Guarantor under its guarantee is 
limited to the Mortgage Loans and the Related Security and such assets. 
Covered Bonds may be issued in bearer or registered form. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed NZ$10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to 
increase as described herein. 
The Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed 
under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each, a Dealer and together, the Dealers), which appointment may be to a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this Prospectus to the relevant Dealers shall, in the case of an issue of Covered Bonds being (or intended to be) subscribed for by more than one Dealer, be to 
all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Covered Bonds. 
This Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the Competent Authority or the CSSF) as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor or of the quality of the Covered Bonds. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. This Prospectus 
is available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. 
This Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Covered Bonds which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
In accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the Prospectus Act 2019), by approving this Prospectus, 
in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF does not engage in respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the 
quality and solvency of the Issuer. 
See the section entitled "Risk Factors" in this Prospectus for a discussion of material risk factors to be considered in connection with an investment in the Covered 
Bonds. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (the Official List) and admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Regulated Market) of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the purposes of the Markets 
in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) (MiFID II). References in this Prospectus to Covered Bonds being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean 
that such Covered Bonds have been admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and have been admitted to the Official List. Notice of 
the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds, interest (if any) payable in respect of Covered Bonds, the issue price of Covered Bonds and certain other information which 
is applicable to each Series (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”) of Covered Bonds will be set out in a separate document containing the final 
terms for that Series (the Final Terms) which, with respect to Covered Bonds to be admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be delivered to the Competent Authority and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of such Series of Covered 
Bonds. 
The Programme provides that Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or regulated or unregulated 
markets as may be agreed between the Issuer the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee (as defined below) and the relevant Dealer(s). The Issuer may also issue unlisted 
Covered Bonds and/or Covered Bonds not admitted to trading on any regulated or unregulated market, or Covered Bonds governed by other laws. In each case, Covered 
Bonds will be subject to the provisions of the Programme Documents (as defined below). 
The Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee (as defined below) have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Unless they are so registered, the Covered Bonds and the 
Covered Bond Guarantee may be offered only in transactions that are exempt from, or not subject to registration under, the Securities Act or the securities laws of any other 
jurisdiction of the United States. Accordingly, the Covered Bonds may be offered only (i) to qualified institutional buyers (each, a QIB) in reliance on Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act (Rule 144A) and (ii) outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S). Prospective purchasers 
of Covered Bonds are hereby notified that the seller of the Covered Bonds may be relying on an exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided 
by Rule 144A. See "Form of the Covered Bonds" for a description of the manner in which Covered Bonds will be issued. Covered Bonds are subject to certain restrictions 
on transfer, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
The Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor may agree with any Dealer and the Bond Trustee that Covered Bonds may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds herein, in which event (in the case of Covered Bonds admitted to the Official List only) a new Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made 
available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be assigned an "Aaa" rating by Moody's Investors Service Pty Ltd (Moody's) and an "AAA" rating 
by Fitch Australia Pty Ltd (Fitch and, together with Moody's, the Rating Agencies). A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. Please also refer to "Credit ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds may change 
and may not reflect all risks associated with an investment in the Covered Bonds" in the Risk Factors section of this Prospectus.As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer 
is assigned credit ratings (long-term / short-term) by Moody’s, Fitch, and S&P Global Ratings Australia Pty Ltd (S&P Australia).

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
Moody's, Fitch and S&P Australia are not established in the European Union (the EU) or in the United Kingdom (the UK), and have not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 as amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 11 May 2011 on credit rating agencies (the CRA Regulation) or Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation). In general, and subject to certain exceptions (including the exception outlined 
below), EU regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using a credit rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA if such a credit rating is not issued by 
a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country 
rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. The 
rating by Moody’s has been endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, the rating by Fitch has been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, and the rating by S&P 
Australia has been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, each in accordance with the CRA Regulation, and have not been withdrawn. Moody’s Deutschland 
GmbH, and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited are established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation. Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website 
(at www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The rating by Moody’s has been endorsed by Moody’s Investors 
Service Ltd, the rating by Fitch has been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Limited and the rating by S&P Australia has been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, in each 
case in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. There can be no assurance that such endorsement of the credit ratings of Moody’s, Fitch and 
S&P Australia will continue. 
 
Arranger and Dealer for the Programme 
 
National Australia Bank Limited 
 
The date of this Prospectus is 1 June 2023

--- Page 3 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
1 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
The Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under 
the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may 
include Covered Bonds in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, the Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act (Regulation S)). Accordingly, the Covered Bonds may be offered only (i) to 
qualified institutional buyers (QIBs) in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act (Rule 144A) or 
(ii) outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. Covered Bonds offered 
and sold to QIBs in reliance upon Rule 144A will be represented by beneficial interests in one or more 
permanent global notes in fully registered form without interest coupons. Covered Bonds offered and 
sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons pursuant to Regulation S will be represented by 
beneficial interests in (i) one or more temporary or permanent global covered bonds in bearer form with 
or without interest coupons or (ii) one or more permanent global covered bonds in fully registered form 
without interest coupons. Except as described in any applicable drawdown prospectus, beneficial 
interests in the Registered Covered Bonds will be represented through accounts of financial institutions 
acting on behalf of beneficial owners as direct and indirect participants in DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and owners of beneficial interests in the Registered Covered Bonds will not 
be entitled to have the Covered Bonds registered in their names, will not receive or be entitled to receive 
physical delivery of the Covered Bonds in definitive form and will not be considered holders of the 
Covered Bonds under the Covered Bonds and the Agency Agreement. 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Competent Authority as a base prospectus for the purposes 
of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. This Prospectus is not a prospectus for the purposes of 
Section 12(a)(2) or any other provision or order under the Securities Act. 
The Programme was registered with the Reserve Bank of New Zealand (the RBNZ) on 8 August 2014. 
The Issuer is required to notify the RBNZ each time Covered Bonds are issued under the Programme. 
The Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor (each a Responsible Person) each accept responsibility for 
the information contained in this Prospectus (the Prospectus) and the Final Terms for each Tranche of 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer and 
the Covered Bond Guarantor (each having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the 
information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. Any information sourced from third parties contained in this 
Prospectus has been accurately reproduced (and is clearly sourced where it appears in the document) 
and, as far as the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor are aware and are able to ascertain from 
information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Copies of each set of Final Terms (in the case of Covered Bonds to be admitted to the Official List) will 
be available from the registered office of the Issuer and (in the case of Covered Bonds to be admitted to 
the Official List, to listing on any other regulated or unregulated market or stock exchange and also all 
unlisted Covered Bonds) by appointment from the specified office set out below of each of the Paying 
Agents (as defined below). A Paying Agent may provide such documents for inspection by electronic 
means. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents or parts of documents which are deemed 
to be incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). This 
Prospectus shall, save as specified herein, be read and construed on the basis that such documents are 
so incorporated herein by reference and form part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 4 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
2 
 
 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The information contained in this Prospectus was obtained from the Issuer, the Seller, and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and other sources (identified herein), but no assurance can be given by the Arranger, 
the Dealers, the Agents, the Bond Trustee, the Trust Manager or the Security Trustee as to the accuracy 
or completeness of this information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express 
or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arranger, the Dealers, the Agents, 
the Bond Trustee, the Trust Manager or the Security Trustee as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained or incorporated by reference into this Prospectus or any other information 
provided, by the Seller, the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor in connection with the Programme. 
None of the Arranger, the Dealers, the Bond Trustee, the Trust Manager nor the Security Trustee 
accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer, the Seller and the Covered Bond Guarantor 
in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Seller, the 
Arranger, any of the Dealers, the Agents, the Bond Trustee, the Trust Manager or the Security Trustee 
to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Covered Bonds 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Seller, the Arranger, the Agents, any of the 
Dealers, the Bond Trustee, the Trust Manager or the Security Trustee. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Covered Bonds (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Seller, the Arranger, 
any of the Dealers, any of the Agents, the Bond Trustee or the Security Trustee that any recipient of this 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Covered Bonds 
should purchase any Covered Bonds. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Covered Bonds 
should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and/or the Covered Bond Guarantor. Neither this 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any 
Covered Bonds constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Seller, the Arranger, any of the Dealers, any of the Agents, the Bond Trustee or the 
Security Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Covered Bonds. 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer and/or the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and/or the Seller is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent 
to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers, the Arranger, the Agents, the 
Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Seller during the life of the Programme or to 
advise any investor in the Covered Bonds of any information coming to their attention. Investors should 
review, inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by reference into this Prospectus 
when deciding whether or not to purchase any Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under 
the Securities Act. The Covered Bonds in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph

--- Page 5 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
3 
 
 
have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder. 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Covered 
Bonds in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds may be restricted 
by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Seller, the Arranger, the 
Dealers, the Agents, the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee do not represent that this Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Covered Bonds may be lawfully offered, in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Seller, the 
Arranger, the Dealers, the Agents, the Bond Trustee or the Security Trustee which would permit a 
public offering of any Covered Bonds or distribution of this Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action 
for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Covered 
Bonds may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution 
of this Prospectus and the offering and sale of Covered Bonds. In particular, there are restrictions on 
the distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the United States, Australia, 
Canada, New Zealand, the EEA (which for these purposes, includes Norway, Sweden and Denmark), 
the UK, Japan, Singapore and Hong Kong, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". 
Credit ratings are for distribution only to a person (a) who is not a "retail client" within the meaning of 
section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia and who is also a sophisticated investor, 
professional investor or other investor in respect of whom disclosure is not required under Part 6D.2 of 
the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia and (b) who is otherwise permitted to receive credit ratings in 
accordance with applicable law in any jurisdiction in which the person may be located. Anyone who is 
not such a person is not entitled to receive this Prospectus and anyone who receives this Prospectus must 
not distribute it to any person who is not entitled to receive it. 
All references in this Prospectus to "New Zealand Dollar", "NZ Dollar", "NZD" and "NZ$" refer to 
the lawful currency for the time being of New Zealand, references to "A$", "AUD" and "Australian 
Dollar" are to the lawful currency of Australia, references to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are 
to the lawful currency of the United States of America and references to "euro" and "€" refer to the 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant 
to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. In this Prospectus, unless a 
contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a reference to that law or 
provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
the stabilising manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any stabilising manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions (in each case outside Australia and 
New Zealand and not on any market in Australia or New Zealand) with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by

--- Page 6 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
4 
 
 
the relevant stabilising manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any stabilising manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and the terms of the Covered Bonds being offered, including the merits and 
risks involved. The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential 
investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered 
Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained 
or incorporated by reference into this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of 
its particular financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the 
Covered Bonds will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Covered Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more 
currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor's currency; 
 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour 
of financial markets; and 
 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (1) Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (2) Covered Bonds 
can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing, (3) Covered Bonds can be used as repo-eligible 
securities and (4) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Arranger, the 
Dealers, the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee, any member of National Australia Bank Limited (ABN 
12 004 044 937) (NAB) and its controlled entities (the NAB Group) (other than BNZ in its capacity as 
Issuer under the Programme Documents) or any other party to the Programme, their officers, members, 
directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, other than the Issuer and the Covered Bond 
Guarantor. The Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor will each be liable solely in their corporate 
capacity for their obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be the 
obligations of their respective officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or 
incorporators. 
The Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally 
do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex 
financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, 
appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Covered 
Bonds unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Covered 
Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Covered Bonds 
and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 7 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
5 
 
 
The Covered Bonds have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United 
States, nor have the foregoing authorities approved this Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or 
determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Prospectus. Any representation to the 
contrary is unlawful. 
None of the Arranger, the Dealers, the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Seller, the Agents, the 
Security Trustee or the Bond Trustee makes any representation to any investor in the Covered Bonds 
regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Covered Bonds 
should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Covered Bonds for an indefinite period 
of time. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 8 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
6 
 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR product 
governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a UK distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered 
Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Covered Bonds that 
are “restricted securities” as defined in Rule 144(a)(3) of the Securities Act, the Issuer has undertaken in the 
Programme Agreement to furnish, upon the request of a holder of such Covered Bonds or any beneficial 
interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by such holder or beneficial owner, 
the information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the 
request, the Issuer is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) 
thereunder. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities 
Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in 
this Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the BNZ Group’s (as defined on page 181) 
financial position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-
looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and 
other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the BNZ Group, or industry 
results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied 
by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions 
regarding the present and future business strategies of the BNZ Group and the environment in which they will 
operate in the future. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Prospectus. The BNZ 
Group expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any 
forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in the expectations of the BNZ Group with 
regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Amounts payable on certain Floating Rate Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be calculated by 
reference to the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate (EURIBOR), the Sterling Overnight Index Average

--- Page 9 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
7 
 
 
(SONIA), the Secured Overnight Finance Rate (SOFR), the Hong Kong inter-bank offered rate (HIBOR), 
the Canadian dollar offered rate (CDOR), the Singapore inter-bank offered rate (SIBOR),  the Oslo inter-bank 
offered rate (NIBOR), the Australian Bank Bill Swap Reference Rate (BBSW) or the NZ Bank Bill 
Benchmark Rate (BKBM) as specified in the applicable Final Terms and each as defined below or in the 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds. As at the date of this Prospectus, each of European Money Markets Institute 
(as administrator of EURIBOR), ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte. Ltd. (as administrator of SIBOR), 
Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (as administrator of NIBOR) and ASX Benchmarks Limited (as 
administrator of BBSW) appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the administrators of SONIA, SOFR, CDOR, HIBOR and BKBM do not 
appear on ESMA’s register of administrators and benchmarks under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, (i) SONIA and SOFR do not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, and (ii) the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
apply, such that each of Refinitiv Benchmark Services (UK) Limited (as administrator of CDOR), the Treasury 
Markets Association (as administrator of HIBOR) and New Zealand Financial Benchmark Facility (as 
administrator of BKBM) is not currently required to obtain recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
SECTION 309B NOTIFICATION 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore 
(as modified or amended from time to time, the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies 
all relevant persons as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA, unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Covered Bonds, that all Covered Bonds issued or to be issued under the Programme are classified as capital 
markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) 
and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 10 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
8 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
General Description of the Programme ................................................................................................... 9 
Risk Factors ........................................................................................................................................... 19 
Principal Characteristics of the Programme .......................................................................................... 74 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................. 76 
Structure Overview ................................................................................................................................ 79 
Form of the Covered Bonds .................................................................................................................. 85 
Form of Final Terms in respect of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme by BNZ with a 
minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) ............... 90 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds ...................................................................................... 106 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................... 180 
Bank of New Zealand .......................................................................................................................... 181 
The BNZ Covered Bond Trust ............................................................................................................ 185 
Overview of the Principal Documents ................................................................................................ 188 
Credit Structure ................................................................................................................................... 228 
Cashflows ............................................................................................................................................ 231 
The Mortgage Loan Portfolio .............................................................................................................. 245 
Book-Entry Clearance Systems ........................................................................................................... 246 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................... 248 
Independent Auditors .......................................................................................................................... 254 
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions .............................................................. 255 
General Information ............................................................................................................................ 268 
Alternative Performance Measures ..................................................................................................... 270 
Glossary ............................................................................................................................................... 272

--- Page 11 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
9 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Prospectus shall 
have the same meanings in this overview. A glossary of certain defined terms is contained at the end of this 
Prospectus on page 272. 
Issuer: 
Bank of New Zealand: incorporated as a company under the NZ 
Companies Act with company number 428849 and having its 
registered office at Level 4, 80 Queen Street, Auckland 1010, New 
Zealand. 
 
Issuer’s Legal Entity Identifiers 
(LEIs): 
N7LGVZM7X4UQ66T7LT74 
 
Covered Bond Guarantor: 
CBG Trustee Company Limited, a company incorporated in New 
Zealand with limited liability under registration number 2467131, 
having its registered office at Level 16, SAP Tower, 151 Queen 
Street, Auckland 1010, New Zealand, as trustee of the BNZ Covered 
Bond Trust. 
 
The Covered Bond Guarantor’s business is to acquire, inter alia, 
Mortgage Loans and the Related Security from the Seller pursuant to 
the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement and to guarantee certain 
payments in respect of the Covered Bonds. The Covered Bond 
Guarantor will hold the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and the other 
Charged Property in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Documents. 
 
The Covered Bond Guarantor has provided a guarantee covering all 
Guaranteed Amounts when the same shall become Due for Payment, 
but only following an Issuer Event of Default and the service on the 
Covered Bond Guarantor of a Notice to Pay, or if earlier, a Covered 
Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice. The obligations of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee and the other 
Programme Documents to which it is a party are secured by the 
Charged Property from time to time of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
and recourse against the Covered Bond Guarantor is limited to such 
Charged Property.  
Covered Bond Guarantor LEI: 
549300XCCQULJFDH5705 
The Trust: 
BNZ Covered Bond Trust. The purpose of the Trust is the acquisition, 
management and sale of amongst other things, Mortgage Loans and 
the Related Security, the borrowing of moneys to fund the acquisition 
of such assets, the hedging of risks associated with such assets and 
such funding, the acquisition, management and sale of Substitution 
Assets and Authorised Investments, the giving of guarantees, the 
granting of security and any other business as the Trust Manager shall 
direct.

--- Page 12 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
10 
 
 
The Beneficiaries: 
SAVY. SAVY is a charitable trust which aims to instil good financial 
habits in young adults throughout New Zealand. 
Trust Manager: 
BNZ Facilities Management Limited with company number 1844086 
and having its registered office at Level 4, 80 Queen Street, Auckland 
1010, New Zealand (BNZFML). 
 
BNZFML is a wholly owned subsidiary of BNZ. 
Seller: 
The Seller under the Programme is BNZ, which is in the business, 
inter alia, of originating and acquiring residential mortgage loans and 
conducting other banking related activities. 
Servicer: 
Pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, BNZ has been 
appointed to service, on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, the 
Mortgage Loans and Related Security sold to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor by the Seller. 
Calculation Manager: 
BNZ has been appointed, inter alia, to do all calculations which are 
required to determine whether the Mortgage Loan Portfolio is in 
compliance with the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test and 
the Pre-Maturity Test, as the case may be, and providing information 
to the Asset Monitor. 
NZ Registrar and NZ Paying 
Agent: 
Computershare Investor Services Limited having its registered office 
at Level 2, 159 Hurstmere Road, Takapuna, Auckland, New Zealand 
has been appointed pursuant to the NZ Registry Agreement as NZ 
Registrar and NZ Paying Agent.  
UK Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, whose registered office is at 
Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London, EC2N 2DB, 
United Kingdom, has been appointed pursuant to the Principal 
Agency Agreement as UK Paying Agent.  
Exchange Agent and Transfer 
Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, whose registered office is at 
Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London, EC2N 2DB, 
United Kingdom, has been appointed pursuant to the Principal 
Agency Agreement as Exchange Agent and Transfer Agent. 
Luxembourg Registrar and 
Luxembourg Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A., whose registered office is at 2, 
Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, L-1115 Luxembourg has been 
appointed pursuant to the Principal Agency Agreement as 
Luxembourg Registrar and Luxembourg Paying Agent. 
Bond Trustee: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, whose registered office is at 
Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, 
United Kingdom, has been appointed to act as Bond Trustee on behalf 
of the Covered Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds and 
holds the benefit of, inter alia, the covenant to pay and the Covered 
Bond Guarantee on behalf of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to 
the Bond Trust Deed.

--- Page 13 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
11 
 
 
Security Trustee: 
New Zealand Permanent Trustees Limited whose registered office is 
at Level 16, SAP Tower, 151 Queen Street, Auckland 1010, New 
Zealand has been appointed to act as Security Trustee to hold the 
benefit of the Security granted by the Covered Bond Guarantor to the 
Security Trustee (for the Secured Creditors) pursuant to the Security 
Deed. 
Asset Monitor: 
Ernst & Young having its registered office at Ernst & Young 
Building, 2 Takutai Square, Britomart Auckland 1010, New Zealand 
has been appointed as Asset Monitor pursuant to the Asset Monitor 
Agreement as an independent monitor to perform tests in respect of 
the Asset Coverage Test or Amortisation Test, as applicable, and 
assess compliance with the Servicer's obligations in relation to the 
Asset Register on the Calculation Date prior to each anniversary of 
the Programme Date.  
Covered Bond Swap Providers: 
Each swap provider which agrees to act as Covered Bond Swap 
Provider to the Covered Bond Guarantor to hedge certain interest 
rate, currency and/or other risks in respect of amounts received by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor under the Mortgage Loans and the Interest 
Rate Swaps and amounts payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
under the Intercompany Loan Agreement (prior to the service of a 
Notice to Pay, in the case of a Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond 
Swap only) and under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (after service of a Notice to Pay, in the case of a 
Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap or a Non-Forward Starting 
Covered Bond Swap) by entering into one or more Covered Bond 
Swaps with the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Security Trustee 
under a Covered Bond Swap Agreement in respect of each relevant 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds (where applicable).  
Interest Rate Swap Provider: 
BNZ (in its capacity as the Interest Rate Swap Provider) has agreed 
to act as a swap provider to the Covered Bond Guarantor to hedge 
possible variances between the rates of interest payable on the 
Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, the Substitution 
Assets, Authorised Investments and certain other amounts deposited 
into the GIC Account and the interest basis payable by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Swaps and the Demand 
Loan, by entering into the Interest Rate Swaps with the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and the Security Trustee under the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement.  
Account Bank: 
BNZ has been appointed the initial Account Bank to the Covered 
Bond Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Account Bank 
Agreement. 
Programme Description: 
Covered Bond Programme. 
Arranger: 
National Australia Bank Limited (ABN 12 004 044 937).

--- Page 14 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
12 
 
 
Dealer: 
National Australia Bank Limited (ABN 12 004 044 937), and any 
other Dealer appointed from time to time in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Covered Bonds denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances 
which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see the section of this 
Prospectus entitled "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions" below). 
Programme Size: 
Up to NZ$10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
determined as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding 
at any time as described herein. The Issuer may increase the amount 
of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Covered Bonds may be distributed under the Programme by way of 
private or public placement and in each case on a syndicated or 
non-syndicated basis, subject to the restrictions set forth in the section 
of this Prospectus entitled "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions" below. 
Specified Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such 
currency or currencies as may be agreed from time to time by the 
Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s), the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Bond Trustee (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Covered Bonds may be issued at par or at a premium or discount to 
par on a fully-paid basis or partly-paid basis, as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer or registered form as 
described in the section of this Prospectus entitled "Form of the 
Covered Bonds" below. Registered Covered Bonds will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Covered Bonds and vice versa.  
 
Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds, Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending on the applicable Final Terms, and 
subject, in each case, to confirmation from the Rating Agencies that 
the then current ratings of any outstanding Series of Covered Bonds 
will not be adversely affected by the issuance of such Covered Bonds.

--- Page 15 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
13 
 
 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a fixed rate which will 
be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) and on redemption and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms). 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions; or 
 
(ii) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
 
(iii) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s),  
in each case as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each issue of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a maximum interest rate, 
a minimum interest rate or both (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms). Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s), will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds may be offered and sold at a discount 
to their nominal amount and will not bear interest except in the case 
of late payment unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
In the case of certain Floating Rate Covered Bonds:  
(A) 
where the Floating Rate Covered Bonds reference a 
benchmark other than SOFR, if the Issuer determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred, the relevant benchmark or 
screen rate may be replaced by a Successor Rate or, if there is 
no Successor Rate but the Issuer determines there is an 
Alternative Rate (acting in good faith and by reference to such 
sources as it deems appropriate, which may include 
consultation with an Independent Adviser), such Alternative 
Rate. An Adjustment Spread may also be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), 
together with any Benchmark Amendments (which in the case

--- Page 16 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
14 
 
 
of any Alternative Rate, any Adjustment Spread unless 
formally recommended or provided for and any Benchmark 
Amendments shall be determined by the Issuer acting in good 
faith and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, 
which may include consultation with an Independent 
Adviser);or 
(B) 
where the Floating Rate Covered Bonds reference SOFR as 
the benchmark, if the Issuer (or its designee) determines that 
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, the relevant benchmark will 
be replaced by the relevant Benchmark Replacement. 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes may also be 
made. 
For further information, see Conditions 4(b)(ii)(c)(5) and 4(d). 
Rating Affirmation Notice: 
The issuance of each Series of Covered Bonds shall be subject to 
confirmation by each of the Rating Agencies that the then current 
ratings for any outstanding Covered Bonds will not be adversely 
affected by the issuance of such types of Covered Bonds. For more 
information on Rating Agency confirmations in respect of the 
Programme see the section of this Prospectus entitled "A Rating 
Affirmation Notice may not address certain matters that may be of 
relevance to Covered Bondholders 
 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms for a Series of Covered Bonds will 
indicate either that the relevant Covered Bonds of such Series cannot 
be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation 
reasons or if it becomes unlawful for any Term Advance or the 
Demand Loan to remain outstanding or following an Issuer Event of 
Default or a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default) or that such 
Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon 
giving notice to the Covered Bondholders, on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
(as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Extendable obligations under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee: 
If an Extended Due for Payment Date is set out in the Final Terms for 
a Series of Covered Bonds and (a) the Issuer fails to pay, in full, the 
Final Redemption Amount for such Covered Bonds on the Final 
Maturity Date for such Covered Bonds (or by the end of the 
applicable grace period) and (b) following the service of a Notice to 
Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor by no later than the date falling 
one Business Day prior to the Extension Determination Date, it fails 
to pay, in full, the Guaranteed Amount equal to the unpaid portion of 
such Final Redemption Amount by no later than the Extension 
Determination Date for such Covered Bonds in accordance with the 
terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee (for example because, 
following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, there are insufficient moneys available to it to pay, in

--- Page 17 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
15 
 
 
accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments, such 
Guaranteed Amounts in full), then the obligation of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor to pay the unpaid portion of such Guaranteed 
Amount, or any part thereof will be deferred (and a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default shall not occur as a result of such failure) 
until the first Interest Payment Date thereafter on which sufficient 
moneys are available (after providing for liabilities ranking in priority 
thereto or pari passu therewith subject to and in accordance with the 
Guarantee Priority of Payments) to fund the payment of such unpaid 
portion, or any part thereof, provided that such payment shall not be 
deferred beyond the Extended Due for Payment Date when the 
unpaid portion of such Guaranteed Amount (together with accrued 
interest) shall be due and payable. Interest will accrue on any such 
unpaid portion during such extended period and will be due and 
payable on each Interest Payment Date up to, and including, the 
Extended Due for Payment Date in accordance with Condition 4 
(Interest) of the Conditions. 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds: 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds may be offered and will be subject to a 
Pre-Maturity Test. The intention of the Pre-Maturity Test is to 
provide liquidity for the Hard Bullet Covered Bonds if the Issuer's 
credit ratings have fallen below a certain level. 
Denomination of Covered Bonds: 
Covered Bonds will be issued in denominations of €100,000 or such 
other denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms 
provided that the minimum denomination of each Covered Bond will 
be €100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, at least the equivalent amount in such currency) or 
such other higher amount as may be required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and, in the 
case of NZ Registered Covered Bonds offered in New Zealand, the 
minimum subscription amount in respect of an issue or transfer is 
NZ$500,000 (disregarding any amount lent by the offeror, the Issuer 
or any associated person of the offeror or Issuer) (or, if the NZ 
Registered Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than 
NZ Dollars, at least the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made without 
deduction or withholding for or on account of any taxes imposed by 
the United Kingdom or New Zealand, subject as provided in 
Condition 7 (Taxation). If any such deduction or withholding is made 
by the Issuer, save in the limited circumstances provided in Condition 
7 (Taxation), the Issuer will pay additional amounts in respect of the 
amounts so deducted or withheld. If any payments made by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee are or 
become subject to any such withholding or deduction, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any additional amount as 
a consequence under Condition 7 (Taxation).

--- Page 18 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
16 
 
 
Cross Default: 
If an Issuer Acceleration Notice is served in respect of any Series of 
Covered Bonds, then the Covered Bonds of all Series outstanding will 
be accelerated against the Issuer. 
 
If a Covered Bond Guarantee-Acceleration Notice is served in respect 
of any Series of Covered Bonds, then the obligation of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor to pay Guaranteed Amounts in respect of all Series 
of Covered Bonds outstanding will be accelerated. 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and (save for 
any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
Covered Bond Guarantee: 
Payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds 
when Due for Payment will be irrevocably guaranteed by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee. The Covered 
Bond Guarantor will be under no obligation to make payment in 
respect of the Guaranteed Amounts when Due for Payment unless (a) 
an Issuer Event of Default has occurred, and a Notice to Pay is served 
on the Covered Bond Guarantor or, (b) a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Event of Default has occurred and a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice is served on the Covered Bond Guarantor and 
the Issuer. The obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee will accelerate against the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and the Guaranteed Amounts will become immediately 
due and payable upon the service of a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice. The obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee constitute direct obligations of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor secured against the assets from time to 
time of the Covered Bond Guarantor and recourse against the 
Covered Bond Guarantor is limited to such assets. 
Ratings: 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme have the ratings 
specified in the applicable Final Terms on issuance. Whether or not 
each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds will be issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EU or the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, respectively, will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms.  
 
Moody's and Fitch are not established in the EU or in the UK and 
have not applied for registration under the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, respectively. The rating by Moody’s has been 
endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and the rating by Fitch has 
been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, each in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation, and have not been withdrawn. Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH, and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited are 
established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation. 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited are

--- Page 19 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
17 
 
 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA 
on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The rating by 
Moody’s has been endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd and 
the rating by Fitch has been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Limited, in 
each case in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not 
been withdrawn. 
 
Please also refer to “Credit ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds 
may change and may not reflect all risks associated with an 
investment in the Covered Bonds” in the "Risk Factors" section of 
this Prospectus. 
 
Ratings are not a recommendation or suggestion, directly or 
indirectly, to any investor or any other person, to buy, sell, make or 
hold any investment, loan or security or to undertake any investment 
strategy with respect to any investment, loan or security for a 
particular investor (including without limitation, any accounting 
and/or regulatory treatment), or the tax-exempt nature or taxability of 
payments made in respect of any investment, loan or security. The 
Rating Agencies are not advisors, and nor do the Rating Agencies 
provide investors or any other party any financial advice, or any legal, 
auditing, accounting, appraisal, valuation or actuarial services. A 
rating should not be viewed as a replacement for such advice or 
services. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made to admit Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme to the Official List and to admit the Covered Bonds to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be unlisted or, in 
the event that the Issuer is unable to maintain listing and/or trading 
having used all reasonable endeavours or if the maintenance of such 
listing and/or trading becomes in the opinion of the Issuer unduly 
onerous on the Issuer, the Issuer may procure the listing, trading 
and/or quotation of the Covered Bonds on some listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system acceptable to the Bond 
Trustee. The Final Terms relating to each Series or Tranche of the 
Covered Bonds will state whether or not the Covered Bonds are to be 
listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchange(s) and/or markets.  
Delivery: 
The Covered Bonds may be settled on a delivery against payment 
basis or a delivery free of payment basis, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
Governing Law: 
The Covered Bonds, the Bond Trust Deed, the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement, each Covered Bond Swap Agreement, the Principal 
Agency Agreement and the Programme Agreement are governed by, 
and will be construed in accordance with, English law. 
 
The Establishment Deed, the Mortgage Sale Agreement, the 
Servicing Agreement, the Intercompany Loan Agreement, the 
Demand Loan Agreement, the Management Agreement, the Security 
Deed, the Definitions Schedule, the Asset Monitor Agreement, the 
Account Bank Agreement and the NZ Registry Agreement are

--- Page 20 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
18 
 
 
governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, New Zealand 
law.  
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of any Tranche of 
Covered Bonds. See the section of this Prospectus entitled 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions" below. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain risks related to any issue of Covered Bonds under 
the Programme, which investors should ensure they fully understand. 
Principal risks inherent in investing in the Covered Bonds under the 
Programme are set out in the section of this Prospectus entitled "Risk 
Factors" from page 19 of this Prospectus.

--- Page 21 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
19 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Introduction 
BNZ and the Covered Bond Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their 
obligations under the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies 
which may or may not occur and neither BNZ nor the Covered Bond Guarantor is in a position to express a 
view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
BNZ and the Covered Bond Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks 
inherent in investing in the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the inability of BNZ or the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any of the 
Covered Bonds may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by BNZ or the 
Covered Bond Guarantor based on information currently available to them or which they may not currently 
be able to anticipate. There may be other risks faced by BNZ or the Covered Bond Guarantor that are currently 
unknown or are deemed to be immaterial, but which may subsequently become known or material. These may 
individually or in aggregate adversely impact BNZ or the Covered Bond Guarantor. Accordingly, no 
assurances or guarantees of future performance, profitability, distributions or returns of capital are given by 
BNZ or the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere or incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Investors should be aware that the materialisation of any of the below risks may adversely affect the value 
of any securities. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER, INCLUDING THE ABILITY OF THE ISSUER TO 
FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE COVERED BONDS 
Risks specific to BNZ  
Set out below are the principal risks and uncertainties associated with BNZ and its controlled entities. It is not 
possible to determine the likelihood of these risks occurring with any certainty.  However, the risk in each 
category that BNZ considers most material is listed first, based on the information available at the date of this 
Prospectus and BNZ’s best assessment of the likelihood of each risk occurring and the potential magnitude of 
the negative impact to BNZ should such risk materialise. In the event that one or more of these risks 
materialises, BNZ’s reputation, strategy, business, operations, financial condition and future performance 
could be materially and adversely impacted. 
BNZ’s risk management framework and internal controls may not be adequate or effective in accurately 
identifying, evaluating or addressing risks faced by BNZ. There may be other risks that are unknown or deemed 
immaterial, but which may subsequently become known or material. These may individually or in aggregate 
adversely impact BNZ. Accordingly, no assurances or guarantees of future performance, profitability, 
distributions or returns of capital are given by BNZ. 
Strategic Risk  
Strategic risk is the risk to earnings, capital, liquidity, funding or reputation arising from an inadequate 
response to changes in the external environment and risk of failing to properly consider downstream impacts 
and achieve effective outcomes when executing material change programmes.  
Strategic initiatives may fail to be executed, may not deliver all anticipated benefits or may otherwise change 
BNZ’s risk profile

--- Page 22 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
20 
 
 
BNZ’s corporate strategy sets its purpose, ambition and objectives. 
BNZ prioritises, and invests significant resources in, the execution of initiatives that are aligned to its chosen 
strategy, including transformation and change programmes. These programmes primarily focus on technology, 
digital and data assets, infrastructure, business improvement, cultural transformation, regulatory compliance 
and changes to associated controls and may have dependencies on external suppliers or partners. There is a 
risk that these programmes may not realise some or all of their anticipated benefits and outcomes. These 
programmes may also increase operational, compliance and other risks, and new or existing risks may not be 
appropriately controlled. BNZ’s strategy includes Environmental, Social or Governance (ESG) related 
initiatives, including a climate strategy and various obligations, targets and goals. Achieving BNZ’s sectoral 
decarbonisation targets and managing climate change related financial risks are in part reliant on the actions 
of others including customers, policy makers and other stakeholders. Any failure by BNZ to deliver in 
accordance with its strategy or to deliver strategic programmes effectively, may result in material losses to 
BNZ, reputational damage or a failure to achieve anticipated benefits, and ultimately, may materially and 
adversely impact BNZ’s operations and financial performance and position. 
BNZ faces intense competition 
There is substantial competition across the markets in which BNZ conducts business. BNZ faces competition 
from established financial services providers and other parties, including foreign banks and new market 
entrants, particularly non-bank competitors, such as fintechs and digital platforms, some of which have lower 
costs, operating and business models or products that differ from or are more competitive than BNZ’s and 
some of which are subject to a lesser regulatory environment. In addition, evolving industry trends, rapid 
technology changes and environmental factors, may impact customer needs and preferences and BNZ may not 
predict these changes accurately or quickly enough, or have the resources and flexibility to adapt in sufficient 
time to meet customer expectations and keep pace with competitors. These risks are heightened in the current 
context where BNZ has to navigate an uncertain economic environment and prioritise compliance with new 
regulations. 
Other trends and recent regulatory and legislative developments that may increase competition in BNZ’s 
relevant markets include, but are not limited to: 
 
Increased focus on digital, data and analytics capabilities with the objective of creating easy and 
seamless customer experiences. The rapid development and deployment of artificial intelligence (AI) 
capabilities has also emerged as a key strategic risk and opportunity; 
 
Increased demand for green or sustainability-related products or increased lending to assist customers 
in achieving their ESG-related performance objectives, for example, sustainability-linked loans; 
 
Continued competitive pressures in home lending, particularly as customers of BNZ are due to adjust 
to higher rates in the calendar years 2023 and 2024 as fixed rate periods expire on loans entered into 
at historically low rates in recent years. This increases the risk that customers may refinance outside 
BNZ; 
 
Increased competition for customer deposits in the context of an uncertain market environment, with 
the risk of increasing BNZ’s cost of funds; 
 
Ongoing growth of the broker market and the risk of disintermediating customer relationships; 
 
Progress is being made in open banking in New Zealand (NZ). In July 2021, the NZ Government made 
the decision to implement a Consumer Data Right (CDR) legislative framework. On 1 August 2022, 
the Government agreed to explore banking as the first sector to be designated under a CDR.  Work is 
now underway on the design and cost of the CDR. This will be completed before any final decisions

--- Page 23 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
21 
 
 
are made. Following this work, an exposure draft of a data sharing bill is intended to be released in the 
second quarter of 2023 for industry feedback. The adoption of open banking is designed to increase 
competition in the NZ banking industry, and may increase compliance costs for established 
institutions, including BNZ and limit BNZ’s ability to charge for access to payments or data.  
 
The continued consumer adoption of cryptocurrencies and other digital assets. The rate of digital asset 
adoption, digital asset product creation (for example, stable coins and decentralised finance) and 
government responses, including the possibility of the RBNZ issuing a central bank digital currency 
(CBDC) are expected to shape the future of the banking sector and its impact on BNZ. The 
introduction of a CBDC may increase competition for deposit funding or other products and services 
offered by BNZ which may have an adverse impact on BNZ’s financial performance and position. In 
addition, regulation of digital assets is nascent but emerging across all markets in which BNZ conducts 
business, which may increase BNZ’s costs or require BNZ to invest in resources to adapt its products 
or systems to new technologies.; and 
 
The Retail Payment System Act 2022 (RPS Act) was enacted in May 2022. The RPS Act enables the 
NZ Commerce Commission to regulate certain aspects of the retail payments system, such as standards 
for participants relating to information disclosure, pricing and access to infrastructure.  
Ongoing competition for customers can lead to compression in profit margins and loss of market share. Intense 
competition increases the risk of additional price pressure, especially in commoditised lines of business, where 
the providers with the lowest unit cost may win market share and industry profit pools may be eroded. Such 
factors may ultimately impact BNZ’s financial performance and position. 
BNZ’s performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled people; therefore, BNZ’s 
continued ability to compete effectively depends on its ability to attract new talented and diverse employees 
and to retain and motivate its existing employees. Competition from within the financial services industry and 
from businesses outside the financial services industry, including the technology industry, for qualified 
employees has often been intense. BNZ has experienced increased competition in hiring and retaining 
employees to address the demands of new regulatory requirements, expanding consumer-oriented businesses 
and its technology initiatives. 
Risks may arise from pursuing acquisitions and divestments  
BNZ regularly considers a range of corporate opportunities, including acquisitions, divestments, joint ventures 
and investments.  
Pursuit of corporate opportunities inherently involves transaction risks, including the risk that BNZ over-
values an acquisition or investment or under-values a divestment, as well as exposure to reputational damage. 
BNZ may encounter difficulties in integrating or separating businesses, including failure to realise expected 
synergies, disruption to operations, diversion of management resources or higher than expected costs. These 
risks and difficulties may ultimately have an adverse impact on BNZ’s financial performance and position. 
BNZ may incur unexpected financial losses following an acquisition, joint venture or investment if the business 
it invests in does not perform as planned or causes unanticipated changes to BNZ’s risk profile. Additionally, 
there can be no assurance that customers, employees, suppliers, counterparties and other relevant stakeholders 
will remain with an acquired business following the transaction and any failure to retain such stakeholders 
may have an adverse impact on BNZ’s overall financial performance and position. 
BNZ may also have ongoing exposures to divested businesses, including through any residual shareholding, 
the provision of continued services and infrastructure or an agreement to retain certain liabilities of the divested 
businesses through warranties and indemnities. These ongoing exposures may have an adverse impact on 
BNZ’s business and financial performance and position.

--- Page 24 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
22 
 
 
BNZ is part of a larger business group, and decisions by that larger business group, or any financial or 
reputational damage to that larger business group, may adversely impact BNZ’s business, financial condition, 
liquidity, results of operations and prospects 
As BNZ is part of the NAB Group, it  may be impacted by the decisions made by, or events that affect, the 
NAB Group, as well as any financial or reputational damage by virtue of its association with the NAB Group. 
If financial resources are withdrawn by the NAB Group or the NAB Group makes a business or corporate 
decision or is subject to actions, such as regulatory actions, that are not in BNZ’s interests, this may adversely 
affect BNZ’s business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. In addition, the 
reputational consequences of the occurrence of a risk event within the NAB Group, for example, a major 
operational failure, may have a material impact on BNZ’s business, financial condition, reputation, liquidity, 
results of operations and prospects. 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk is the risk that a customer will fail to meet their obligations to BNZ in accordance with agreed 
terms. Credit risk arises from both BNZ’s lending activities and markets and trading activities. 
Rising interest rates to combat persistent inflation may result in a deterioration in BNZ’s credit risk profile in 
the short term through increases in defaulted loans 
Globally, central banks (including in Australia and NZ) have rapidly increased policy rates in response to 
elevated levels of inflation. Inflation has persisted for longer and at higher levels than many central banks had 
anticipated, which may increase the risks arising from further rate rises in 2023 and beyond. 
Rising interest rates, coupled with existing inflationary pressures, may increase household and business 
financial stress across Australia and NZ, particularly for underprepared customers. Rising rates will reduce 
disposable income for households leaving sectors exposed to changes in household discretionary spending 
vulnerable to significant financial stress in the event of changes to consumer spending behaviour. This includes 
a heightened risk of corporate and business bankruptcies, job losses, and higher unemployment. 
The increased credit risk in affected sectors and elevated levels of household financial stress may result in an 
increase in losses if customers default on their loan obligations and/or higher capital requirements through an 
increase in the probability of default. 
A decline in property market valuations may give rise to higher losses on defaulting loans 
Lending activities account for most of BNZ’s credit risk exposure. BNZ’s lending portfolio is largely based in 
NZ. Residential housing loans and commercial real estate (CRE) loans constitute a material component of 
BNZ’s total gross loans and acceptances.  
Residential and commercial property prices in NZ increased for some years up until 2021, but experienced 
decline in 2022 following the central bank’s moves to increase policy rates. Further declines are expected 
through the remainder of 2023 in NZ.  
Changes to working patterns (i.e., working remotely) across NZ following on from the COVID-19 pandemic 
may adversely affect the CRE industry when existing leases expire. Office CRE customers, who are unable to 
respond to changes in working patterns, may face elevated levels of vacancy rates and diminishing rental 
returns which could result in a rise in customer defaults across BNZ and adversely impact on BNZ’s financial 
performance and position. 
A decline in the value of the residential or commercial property used as collateral (including in business 
lending) may give rise to greater losses to BNZ resulting from customer defaults, which may, in turn, impact

--- Page 25 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
23 
 
 
BNZ’s financial performance and position. The most significant impact, in the event of default, is likely to 
come through residential mortgage customers in high loan-to-value-ratio brackets. 
Adverse business conditions in NZ in the agricultural and other sectors, may give rise to increasing customer 
defaults 
BNZ has a large market share among lenders to the NZ agricultural sectors. These sectors may be negatively 
impacted by several factors, including vulnerability to labour constraints, trade restrictions and tariffs, 
volatility in commodity prices, foreign exchange rate movements, changes in consumer preference, disease 
and introduction of pathogens and pests (for example the threat of a local foot and mouth disease outbreak), 
export and quarantine restrictions, supply chain constraints, extreme weather events (including substantial 
rainfall or drought), increasing weather volatility and longer-term changes in climatic conditions. For example, 
some customers are facing significant challenges from extreme weather events in NZ, which have caused 
stock, crop and plant and equipment loss and damage. This may result in increased losses to BNZ from 
customer defaults, and ultimately may have an adverse impact on BNZ’s financial performance and position. 
More broadly, physical and transition risks associated with climate change may also increase current levels of 
customer defaults in other sectors.  
Labour constraints continue to have a negative impact on tourism, hospitality, construction and other 
businesses. As a bank with exposure to business in these sectors, this ongoing constraint may result in increased 
losses to BNZ from customer defaults, and ultimately may have an adverse impact on BNZ’s financial 
performance and position.  
Adverse business conditions (including supply chain disruptions, labour constraints and rising input costs e.g. 
commodity and energy prices) may also lead to stress in other sectors. Rising household financial pressures 
(including inflationary pressures) also pose a risk to sectors that are reliant on household expenditure. 
Market declines and increased volatility may result in BNZ incurring losses 
Some of BNZ’s assets and liabilities comprise financial instruments that are carried at fair value, with changes 
in fair value recognised in BNZ’s income statement. Market declines and increased volatility could negatively 
impact the value of such financial instruments and cause BNZ to incur losses. 
Other macro-economic, geopolitical, climate, other nature-related or social risks may adversely affect BNZ 
and pose a credit risk  
As BNZ primarily conducts business in NZ, BNZ’s performance is dependent principally on the performance 
of the economy in NZ. Levels of borrowing are heavily dependent on customer confidence, employment 
trends, market interest rates and other economic and financial market conditions and forecasts. 
Domestic and international economic conditions and forecasts are influenced by a number of macro-economic 
factors, such as: economic growth rates; environmental and social issues (including emerging issues such as 
payroll compliance, modern slavery and nature-related risks); cost and availability of capital; central bank 
intervention; inflation and deflation rates; level of interest rates; yield curves; market volatility; and 
uncertainty. Deterioration in any of these factors may lead to the following negative impacts on BNZ: 
 
Deterioration in the value and liquidity of assets (including collateral). 
 
The inability to price certain assets. 
 
Environmental conditions and social and governance issues impacting the risk and return profile and/or 
value of customers’ security or business operations.

--- Page 26 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
24 
 
 
 
An increase in customer or counterparty default and credit losses.  
 
Higher provisions for credit impairment. 
 
Mark-to-market losses in equity and trading positions, including BNZ’s high-quality liquid asset 
(HQLA) portfolios. 
 
A lack of available or suitable derivative instruments for hedging purposes. 
 
Increased cost of insurance, lack of available or suitable insurance, or failure of the insurance 
underwriter. 
Economic conditions may also be negatively impacted by climate change and major shock events, such as 
natural disasters, epidemics and pandemics, war and terrorism, political and social unrest, banking instability 
and sovereign debt restructuring and defaults. 
The following macro-economic and financial market conditions are currently of most relevance to the credit 
risk facing BNZ, and may affect revenue growth and/or customer balance sheets: 
 
Global economic growth is expected to slow significantly in calendar year 2023, reflecting the impact 
of tightening monetary policy and lending standards in advanced economies, current volatility in the 
US and European banking sectors, energy disruptions in Europe and weaker than pre-COVID-19 
pandemic growth rates in China. Given the rapid slowdown in activity, several advanced economies 
remain at a risk of recession and global economic growth is expected to remain below its long-term 
trend in both calendar years 2023 and 2024.   
 
Ongoing geopolitical instability, such as that caused by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, has negatively 
impacted, and could in the future negatively impact, the global and NZ economies, including by 
causing supply chain disruptions, rising prices for oil and other commodities, volatility in capital 
markets and foreign currency exchange rates, rising interest rates and heightened cybersecurity risks. 
In response to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, several countries (including NZ) imposed wide ranging 
economic sanctions and export controls on individuals and firms closely connected to the Russian 
Government or conducting economic activity in certain regions of Ukraine. These sanctions, as well 
as responsive measures, continue to impact the European and global economy, including through 
higher energy and commodity prices. Prices may remain elevated for an extended period, which would 
negatively impact most businesses and households, and may lead to increased credit losses for BNZ. 
 
Inflationary pressures emerged at the start of calendar year 2021, increasing the cost of living and 
reducing disposable income for consumers. Persistent inflation reflects a broad range of factors, 
including the impact of fiscal stimulus in a range of countries, disruptions to global supply chains, 
shortages of key inputs, commodities, and labour in various locations and the impact of the Russia-
Ukraine conflict. 
 
Persistent inflation and fears that households’ inflation expectations could become unanchored from 
central bank targets (driving increased wage demands) have driven global central banks (including in 
NZ) to rapidly lift policy rates since early 2022. Several major central banks have signalled that further 
rate rises may be expected in the first half of 2023. However, there is lower certainty on the trajectory 
of policy rates due to recent instability in the US and European banking sectors. 
 
Increasing policy rates, accompanied by tighter lending standards in many countries, may expose 
imbalances or weaknesses in balance sheets, including those of financial institutions, and asset markets 
that have built up over time. This may increase pressure on borrowers, particularly those that are highly 
geared and/or face reduced income due to weaker economic activity. Where concerns over the viability

--- Page 27 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
25 
 
 
of financial institutions arise, it can trigger contagion fears, potentially destabilising global markets 
and, in turn, negatively affecting economic activity. More generally, higher policy rates may adversely 
affect BNZ’s cost of funds, trading income, margins and the value of BNZ’s lending and investments. 
 
Risk of contagion due to financial system instability remains an ongoing concern for BNZ due to the 
interdependency of financial market participants. Where concerns over the viability of financial 
institutions arise, it can trigger contagion fears, potentially destabilising global markets and, in turn, 
negatively affecting economic activity and adversely affecting BNZ’s results. Government 
intervention in the US and Europe was required to stabilise conditions in the first half of 2023, 
following volatility arising from liquidity issues with certain banks in the US.  
 
China is a major trading partner for NZ, with export incomes and business investment exposed to 
changes in China’s economic growth and trade policies. China’s economic growth is expected to 
rebound in calendar year 2023 (from weak rates in 2022), following the abandonment of its restrictive 
zero-COVID policies. That said, growth is forecast to remain below pre-COVID-19 pandemic rates in 
calendar years 2023 and 2024.  There remains considerable uncertainty around household consumption 
and the property sector in China, which could negatively impact the global economy generally, and 
the NZ economy in particular (including by reducing demand for NZ exports). A range of medium to 
longer-term risks also continue to be present, including high corporate debt levels and demographic 
pressures from China’s ageing population. Due to its export mix, NZ’s economy is exposed to any 
slowdown in China, which could therefore have a negative impact on BNZ’s customers with material 
exposure to China and its economy, and may give rise to increasing levels of customer defaults. 
 
As a commodity exporting economy, NZ is exposed to shifts in global commodity prices that can be 
sudden, sizeable, and difficult to predict. Fluctuations in commodity markets can affect key economic 
variables like national income tax receipts and exchange rates. Commodity price volatility remains 
substantial and, given BNZ’s sizeable exposures to commodity producing and trading businesses, this 
volatility poses a credit risk to BNZ. 
 
Other geopolitical risks continue to present uncertainty to the global economic outlook, with negative 
impacts on consumption and business investment. Tensions between the US and China around certain 
issues, including Taiwan, the Russia-Ukraine conflict and China’s trade and technology policies, 
continue to persist, which could impact global economic growth and global supply chains. Similarly, 
geopolitical tensions in the Asia-Pacific region could increase as a result of the AUKUS pact or other 
similar agreements. An increasing fragmentation of, and a rise in populism in, many major democratic 
economies have led to difficulties in policy implementation and an increase in anti-globalisation 
sentiment. 
 
A slowdown in economic growth in Australia and NZ and any resulting increase in unemployment 
may negatively impact debt servicing levels, increase customer defaults and negatively impact BNZ’s 
financial performance and position and its profitability. 
Market Risk 
Market risk is the risk of loss from BNZ’s trading activities. BNZ may suffer losses as a result of a change in 
the value of BNZ’s positions in financial instruments, bank assets and liabilities, or their hedges due to adverse 
movements in market prices. Adverse price movements impacting BNZ may occur in credit spreads, interest 
rates, foreign exchange rates, and commodity and equity prices, particularly during periods of heightened 
market volatility or reduced liquidity. Market volatility has increased in response to increased geopolitical risk, 
rising inflation and central banks lifting interest rates. 
The occurrence of any event giving rise to a material trading loss may have a negative impact on BNZ’s 
financial performance and position.

--- Page 28 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
26 
 
 
Credit spread risk is the risk of BNZ’s market operations and trading activities being exposed to movements 
in the value of securities and derivatives as a result of changes in the perceived credit quality of the underlying 
company or issuer. Credit spread risk accumulates in BNZ’s market operations and trading activities when it 
provides risk transfer services to customers seeking to buy or sell fixed income securities (such as corporate 
bonds). BNZ may also be exposed to credit spread risk when holding an inventory of fixed income securities 
in anticipation of customer demand or undertaking market-making activity (i.e. quoting buy and sell prices to 
customers) in fixed income securities. BNZ’s trading book is also exposed to credit spread risk through credit 
valuation adjustments. A widening of credit spreads could negatively impact the value of the credit valuation 
adjustment book. 
Outside the trading book, BNZ’s liquidity portfolio is also subject to credit spread risk through changes in 
spreads on its holdings of semi-government and bank issued bonds. BNZ hedges the interest rate risk from its 
liquidity portfolio. These positions form part of the required holdings of HQLAs used in managing BNZ’s 
liquidity risk and can give rise to material profit and loss volatility within BNZ’s portfolio during periods of 
adverse credit spread movements. 
Interest rate risk is the risk of BNZ’s trading activities being exposed to changes in the value of securities and 
derivatives as a result of changes in interest rates. BNZ’s trading activities accumulate interest rate risk when 
BNZ provides interest rate hedging solutions for customers, holds interest rate risk in anticipation of customer 
requirements or undertakes market-making activity in fixed income securities or interest rate derivatives. The 
level of volatility in interest rate markets has increased in the post-pandemic period after a broadening of 
inflationary pressures saw major central banks unwind stimulus and rapidly tighten monetary policy.  Market 
volatility has increased in response to increased geopolitical risk, rising inflation, central banks lifting interest 
rates and potential risks in the banking sector following recent bank failures in the US and recent pressure in 
the US and European banking systems.    
Balance Sheet and Liquidity Risk 
Balance sheet and liquidity risk comprises key banking book structural risks of BNZ such as liquidity risk, 
funding risk, interest rate risk, capital risk and foreign exchange risk. 
BNZ is exposed to funding and liquidity risk 
Funding risk is the risk that BNZ is unable to raise short and long-term funding to support its ongoing 
operations, regulatory requirements, strategic plans and objectives. BNZ accesses domestic and global capital 
markets to help fund its business, along with using customer deposits. BNZ relies on offshore wholesale 
funding to support its funding and liquidity position. Periods of significant market volatility in particular may 
limit BNZ’s access to this funding source. Dislocation in global capital markets, reduced investor interest in 
BNZ’s securities and/or reduced customer deposits may adversely affect BNZ’s funding and liquidity position. 
This may increase the cost of obtaining funds, reduce the tenor of available funds or impose unfavourable 
terms on BNZ’s access to funds, constrain the volume of new lending, or adversely affect BNZ’s capital 
position.  
Liquidity risk is the risk that BNZ is unable to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. These obligations 
include the repayment of deposits on demand or at their contractual maturity, the repayment of wholesale 
borrowings and loan capital as they mature, the payment of interest on borrowings and the payment of 
operational expenses and taxes. BNZ must also comply with Australian Prudential Regulation Authority 
(APRA) prudential and regulatory liquidity obligations as part of the NAB Group. Any significant 
deterioration in BNZ’s liquidity position may lead to an increase in BNZ’s funding costs, constrain the volume 
of new lending or cause BNZ to breach its prudential or regulatory liquidity obligations. This may adversely 
impact BNZ’s reputation and financial performance and position. 
BNZ’s capital position may be constrained by prudential requirements

--- Page 29 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
27 
 
 
Capital risk is the risk that BNZ does not hold sufficient capital and reserves to cover exposures and to protect 
against unexpected losses. Capital is the cornerstone of BNZ’s financial strength. It supports BNZ’s operations 
by providing a buffer to absorb unanticipated losses from its activities. 
BNZ is required by its prudential obligations to hold minimum levels of capital relative to the size of its balance 
sheet and its operational risk profile. 
BNZ must comply with prudential requirements in relation to capital in NZ. Compliance with these 
requirements and any further changes to these requirements may: 
 
Require BNZ to raise more capital (in an absolute sense) or raise more capital of higher quality. 
 
Restrict balance sheet growth. 
If the information or the assumptions upon which BNZ’s capital requirements are assessed prove to be 
inaccurate, this may adversely impact BNZ’s operations, financial performance and financial position. 
A significant downgrade in BNZ’s credit ratings or outlook may adversely impact its cost of funds and capital 
market access 
Credit ratings are an assessment of a borrower’s creditworthiness and may be used by market participants in 
evaluating BNZ and its products, services and securities. Credit rating agencies conduct ongoing review 
activities, which can result in changes to credit rating settings and outlooks for BNZ, or credit ratings of 
sovereign jurisdictions where BNZ conducts business. Credit ratings may be affected by operational, 
ESG-related and market factors, or changes in a credit rating agency’s rating methodologies.  
A downgrade in the credit ratings or outlook of BNZ, BNZ’s securities, any other member of the NAB Group 
or their securities, or the sovereign rating of one or more of the countries in which BNZ conducts business, 
particularly NZ, may increase BNZ’s cost of funds or limit its access to capital markets. This may also cause 
a deterioration of the liquidity position and trigger additional collateral requirements in derivative contracts 
and other secured funding arrangements. A significant downgrade to BNZ’s credit ratings relative to its peers 
may also adversely impact BNZ’s competitive position and financial performance and position. 
BNZ’s financial performance and capital position may be adversely impacted by interest rate fluctuations 
Interest rate risk is the risk to BNZ’s financial performance and capital position caused by changes in interest 
rates.  
Balance sheet and off-balance sheet items can create an interest rate risk exposure within BNZ. As interest 
rates and yield curves change over time, BNZ may be exposed to a loss in earnings and economic value due 
to the interest rate profile of its balance sheet. Such exposure may arise from a mismatch between the maturity 
profile of BNZ’s lending portfolio compared to its deposit portfolio (and other funding sources), as well as the 
extent to which lending and deposit products can be repriced should interest rates change, thereby impacting 
net interest margins. This may adversely impact BNZ’s competitive position and financial performance and 
position. 
When interest rates are increasing, BNZ can generally earn higher net interest income. However, higher interest 
rates can also lead to fewer originations of loans, less liquidity in the financial markets, and higher funding 
costs, each of which could adversely affect BNZ’s revenues and its liquidity and capital levels. Higher interest 
rates can also negatively affect the payment performance on loans that are linked to variable interest rates. If 
borrowers of variable rate loans are unable to afford higher interest payments, those borrowers may reduce or 
stop making payments, thereby causing BNZ to incur losses and leading to increased operational costs related 
to servicing a higher volume of delinquent loans.

--- Page 30 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
28 
 
 
BNZ may fail to, or be unable to, sell down its underwriting risk 
As a financial intermediary, BNZ underwrites or guarantees different types of transactions, risks and outcomes, 
including the placement of listed and unlisted debt. The underwriting obligation or guarantee may be over the 
pricing and placement of these securities, and BNZ may therefore be exposed to potential losses, which may 
be significant, if it fails to sell down some or all of this risk to other market participants. 
The value of BNZ’s banking book may be adversely impacted by foreign exchange rates 
Foreign exchange and translation risks arise from the impact of currency movements on the value of BNZ’s 
cash flows, profits and losses and assets and liabilities due to participation in global financial markets and 
international operations. 
As BNZ’s business primarily operates in NZ, it is particularly exposed to fluctuations in the value of the New 
Zealand dollar. 
Operational Risk  
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate, ineffective  or failed internal processes, actions 
and systems or external events. This includes legal risk but excludes strategic risk. 
There are inherent risks within BNZ’s operations due to the range of customers, products and services BNZ 
provides and the multiple markets and channels these products and services are delivered through. 
Disruption to technology may adversely impact BNZ’s reputation and operations  
Most of BNZ’s operations depend on technology, and therefore the reliability, resilience and security of BNZ’s 
(and its third-party vendors’) information technology systems and infrastructure are essential to the effective 
operation of its business and consequently to its financial performance and position. The reliability, security 
and resilience of BNZ’s technology may be impacted by the complex technology environment, failure to keep 
technology systems up-to-date, an inability to restore or recover systems and data in acceptable timeframes, 
or a physical or cyber attack. 
The rapid evolution of technology in the financial services industry and the increased expectations of 
customers for internet and mobile services on demand expose BNZ to changing operational scenarios. 
Any disruption to BNZ’s technology (including disruption to the technology systems of BNZ’s external 
providers) may be wholly or partially beyond BNZ’s control and may result in operational disruption, 
regulatory enforcement actions, customer redress, litigation, financial losses, theft or loss of customer data, 
loss of market share, loss of property or information, or may adversely impact BNZ’s speed and agility in the 
delivery of change and innovation.  
In addition, any such disruption may adversely affect the trust that internal and external stakeholders have in 
BNZ’s ability to protect key information (such as customer and employee records) and infrastructure. This 
may in turn affect BNZ’s reputation including the view of regulators or ratings agencies, which may result in 
loss of customers, ratings downgrades and regulatory censure or penalties. Social media commentary may 
exacerbate such adverse outcomes for BNZ and negatively impact BNZ’s reputation. 
Privacy, information security and data breaches may adversely impact BNZ’s reputation and operations  
BNZ collects, processes, stores and transmits large amounts of personal and confidential information through 
its people, technology systems and networks and the technology systems and networks of its external service 
providers. Threats to information security are constantly evolving, with the likelihood of cyber attacks

--- Page 31 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
29 
 
 
increasing in the changing geopolitical environment, and techniques used to perpetrate cyber attacks are 
increasingly sophisticated. In addition, the number, nature and resources of adverse actors that could pose a 
cyber threat to BNZ is growing, including individual cybercriminals, criminal or terrorist syndicate networks, 
and large sophisticated foreign governments with significant resources and capabilities. 
Although BNZ invests in protecting the confidentiality, integrity and availability of this information, as cyber 
threats continue to evolve, BNZ may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to 
modify or enhance its layers of defence or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. 
BNZ may also not always be able to anticipate a security threat, or be able to implement effective information 
security policies, procedures and controls to prevent or minimise the resulting damage. BNZ may also 
inadvertently retain information which is not specifically required or is not permitted by legislation, thus 
increasing the impact of a potential data breach or non-compliance.  
A successful cyber attack could persist for an extended period of time before being detected, and, following 
detection, it could take considerable time for BNZ to obtain full and reliable information about the 
cybersecurity incident and the extent, amount and type of information compromised.  During the course of an 
investigation, BNZ may not necessarily know the full effects of the incident or how to remediate it, and actions 
and decisions that are taken or made in an effort to mitigate risk may further increase the costs and other 
negative consequences of the incident. Moreover, potential new regulations may require BNZ to disclose 
information about a cybersecurity event before it has been resolved or fully investigated. 
Additionally, BNZ uses select external providers (in NZ and overseas) to process and store confidential data 
and to develop and provide its technology services, including the increasing use of cloud infrastructure. While 
BNZ negotiates comprehensive risk-based controls with its service providers, it is limited in its ability to 
monitor and control the security protocols that service providers implement on a day-to-day basis. BNZ may 
also submit confidential information to its key regulators under a legal obligation and as part of regulatory 
reporting. 
A breach of security at any of these external providers, regulators or within BNZ may result in: operational 
disruption, theft or loss of customer or employee data, a breach of privacy laws, regulatory enforcement 
actions, civil penalties, customer or employee redress, litigation, financial losses, or loss of market share, 
property or information.  This may be wholly or partially beyond the control of BNZ and may adversely impact 
its financial performance and position.  
The threat environment has also seen a new vector appear in the form of Generative AI such as ChatGPT 
which is a step-change in artificial intelligence as it can not only predict and identify information, but also 
create well written content as well as code.  These codes have the potential to assist and enable and enhance 
existing methods for criminals to perpetrate fraud, scams, and cyber threats against BNZ and its customers. 
In addition, any such event may give rise to increased regulatory scrutiny or adversely affect the view of ratings 
agencies. Social media commentary and responses to the relevant event may exacerbate the impact on BNZ’s 
reputation.  
Complexity of infrastructure, processes and models, gives rise to a significant risk to BNZ’s operations 
BNZ is reliant on its policies, processes, controls and supporting infrastructure being designed effectively and 
functioning as designed, along with third parties appropriately managing their own operational risk and 
delivering services to BNZ as required. A failure in the design or operation of these policies, processes, controls 
and infrastructure, failure of BNZ to manage external service providers, or the disablement of a supporting 
system all pose a significant risk to BNZ’s operations and consequently its financial performance and 
reputation.

--- Page 32 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
30 
 
 
Reputational damage may adversely impact BNZ, including, among other things, by impacting its ability to 
pursue new business opportunities, increasing the risk premium being applied to BNZ, and impacting the cost 
of funding BNZ’s operations or its financial condition.  
Models are used extensively in the conduct of BNZ’s business, for example, in calculating capital requirements 
or customer compensation payments and in measuring and stressing exposures. If the models used prove to be 
inadequate or are based on incorrect or invalid assumptions, judgements or inputs, this may adversely affect 
BNZ’s customers and BNZ’s financial performance and position. 
BNZ is exposed to the risk of human error  
BNZ’s business, including the internal processes and systems that support business decisions, relies on 
appropriate actions and inputs from its employees, agents and external providers. BNZ is exposed to 
operational risk due to process or human error, including incorrect or incomplete data capture and records 
maintenance, incorrect or incomplete documentation to support activities, or inadequate design of processes 
or controls. BNZ uses select external providers (in NZ and overseas) to provide services to BNZ and is exposed 
to similar risks arising from such failures in the operating environment of its external providers. The 
materialisation of any of these risks could lead to direct financial loss, loss of customer, employee or 
commercially sensitive data, regulatory penalties and reputational damage. 
BNZ may not be able to attract and retain suitable talent 
BNZ is dependent on its ability to attract and retain key executives, employees and Board members with a 
deep understanding of banking and technology, who are qualified to execute BNZ’s strategy, as well as the 
technology transformation BNZ is undertaking to meet the changing needs of its customers. Potential 
weaknesses in employment practices, including diversity, anti-discrimination, workplace flexibility, payroll 
compliance, workplace health and safety and employee wellbeing, are sources of operational risk that can 
impact BNZ’s ability to attract and retain qualified personnel with the requisite knowledge, skills and 
capability.  
The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in international border closures limiting access to international talent 
markets. The majority of global border restrictions, including NZ, have been lifted and the NZ Government 
has introduced (or reintroduced) a number of measures designed to attract skilled migrants. While these 
measures are helping to stimulate talent migration from overseas to NZ, suitably filling specialist roles in fields 
such as technology, data analytics, and financial crime continues to be a challenge. Further, the reopening of 
the border post COVID-19 restrictions may mean an increased level of migration from NZ. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, negative effects on attracting and retaining 
suitable talent, including volatility and fluctuations in unemployment. If new COVID-19 variants or other 
diseases emerge, the NZ employment market may experience greater stress and an increased risk of talent 
shortage. 
In countries where COVID-19 restrictions have eased or been removed, there is evidence of an increased level 
of voluntary attrition and tightness in labour supply. These factors may impact BNZ’s capacity to attract and 
retain key talent. 
BNZ’s capacity to attract and retain key talent, in addition to providing attractive career opportunities, also 
depends on its ability to design and implement effective remuneration and talent structures. This may be 
constrained by several factors, including by regulatory requirements (particularly in the highly regulated 
financial services sector), as well as community expectations. BNZ’s ability to employ suitably trained people 
is also influenced by the NZ Government’s immigration settings and strategy.

--- Page 33 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
31 
 
 
The unexpected loss of key resources or the inability to attract personnel with suitable experience may 
adversely impact BNZ’s ability to operate effectively and efficiently, or to meet BNZ’s strategic objectives. 
This risk may also impact third party vendors (including offshore vendors) engaged by BNZ, who may be 
experiencing similar personnel related challenges. 
External events may adversely impact BNZ’s operations  
Operational risk can arise from external events such as biological hazards, climate change, natural disasters, 
widespread disease or pandemics or acts of terrorism and geopolitical conflict.  
The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, negative effects on global economic conditions, 
including disruption and volatility of financial markets, supply chain disruptions, fluctuations in 
unemployment and other negative outcomes, including inflation.  If new COVID-19 variants or other diseases 
emerge, the NZ economy, as well as most other major economies, may experience greater stress and an 
increased risk of recession. Such an outcome has the potential to increase customer defaults and materially 
adversely impact BNZ’s financial performance, position, and profitability.  
In addition, BNZ has branches and office buildings in NZ, which is prone to extreme weather events and has 
experienced significant flooding and earthquakes in recent years, as well as a severe and damaging tropical 
cyclone in February 2023 and which may be exposed to the risk of future extreme weather events and 
earthquakes.  
External events such as extreme weather, natural disasters, biological hazards and acts of terrorism may cause 
property damage and business disruption, which may adversely impact BNZ’s financial performance. In 
addition, if BNZ is unable to manage the impacts of such external events, it may lead to reputational damage 
and compromise BNZ’s ability to provide a safe workplace for its personnel.  
The environment BNZ is operating in has become more complex and more uncertain and could create 
operational risks that are yet to be identified. 
Sustainability Risk 
Sustainability risk is the risk that events or conditions (which includes ESG  issues) arise that could negatively 
impact the sustainability, resilience, risk and return profile, value or reputation of BNZ or its customers and 
suppliers. Inadequate management of ESG risks by BNZ or its customers may expose BNZ to other potential 
risks across risk categories such as strategic, credit, compliance, conduct operational risk and capital, funding 
and liquidity risk. 
Physical and transition risks arising from climate change, other environmental impacts and nature-related 
risks may lead to increasing customer defaults and decrease the value of collateral 
Extreme weather, increasing weather volatility and longer-term changes in climatic conditions, as well as 
environmental impacts such as land contamination and other nature-related risks such as deforestation, 
biodiversity loss and ecosystem degradation, may affect property and asset values or cause customer losses 
due to damage, crop losses, existing land use ceasing to be viable, and/or interruptions to, or impacts on, 
business operations and supply chains. 
Parts of NZ are prone to, and have recently experienced, acute physical climate events such as drought 
conditions, cyclones and flooding which highlight the risk of such physical climate events. Recent flooding in 
Auckland and impacts from Cyclone Gabrielle in other regions, in particular Hawke’s Bay and Tairawhiti 
(Gisborne), highlight the risk of such physical climate events. The impact of extreme weather events can take 
time to be fully realised and be widespread, extending beyond residents, businesses and primary producers in 
highly impacted areas to supply chains in other cities and towns relying on agricultural and other products

--- Page 34 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
32 
 
 
from within these areas. The impact of these losses on BNZ may be exacerbated by a decline in the value and 
liquidity of assets held as collateral, and the extent to which these assets are insured or insurable, which may 
impact BNZ’s ability to recover its funds when loans default.  
Climate-related transition risks are increasing as economies, governments and companies seek to transition to 
low-carbon alternatives and adapt to climate change. Certain customer segments may be adversely impacted 
as the economy transitions to renewable and low-emissions technology. Decreasing investor appetite and 
customer demand for carbon intensive products and services, increasing climate-related litigation, and 
changing regulations and government policies designed to mitigate climate change, may negatively impact 
revenue and access to capital for some businesses. Furthermore, management of transition risk is more 
challenging given the presence of social risks such as modern slavery in relevant supply chains e.g. input 
materials and equipment required to support the low carbon transition. 
Nature-related risks (caused by impacts and dependencies on nature), such as deforestation and illegal land 
clearing, biodiversity loss and ecosystem degradation including, for example, the decline of bee populations, 
the collapse of fishing or agricultural yields, and a decrease in air or water quality, may disrupt business 
activities and supply chains, and may cause business impacts including contributing to raw material and/or 
commodity price volatility, stranded assets, changes in customer demand and changes in the regulatory 
environment. 
These risks may increase current levels of customer defaults, thereby increasing the credit risk facing BNZ 
and adversely impacting BNZ’s financial performance and position. Physical and transition risks associated 
with climate change have led to regulatory change in NZ, such as the Climate Change Response (Zero Carbon) 
Amendment Act 2019 (NZ), which commits NZ to a net zero carbon economy by 2050 or sooner. This 
regulatory change may disrupt the operations of BNZ’s customers involved in a wide range of sectors and 
industries, and may impact the wider NZ economy. As NZ transitions to a net zero carbon economy, there is 
a risk that an increase in adoption of emission-reducing technology, changes to farming and manufacturing 
practices, changes to insurance practices, tax changes and revised land use regulation may impact collateral 
values.  Changing physical conditions may also reduce the ability of businesses to service loans. Participants 
in the agricultural sector are particularly vulnerable including businesses in their supply chains. NZ could also 
see damage to its natural assets that may reduce tourism income. These risks may lead to changes to BNZ’s 
operations, strategy and risk profile, which may adversely impact BNZ’s financial performance and position. 
In NZ, the Financial Sector (Climate-related Disclosures and Other Matters) Amendment Act 2021 requires 
mandatory climate-related reporting by large publicly listed companies, large licensed insurers, large 
investment managers, large banks, large building societies and large credit unions. It will require BNZ, as a 
"climate reporting entity", to annually prepare and make public climate disclosures on the effects of climate 
change to its business, in accordance with the climate-related disclosure standards issued by the External 
Reporting Board in December 2022. Climate disclosure statements are required to be published from early 
2024 for accounting periods that start on or after 1 January 2023. BNZ’s first mandatory reporting period 
commences on 1 October 2023, with the first climate disclosure statement due in December 2024. 
BNZ, its customers, or its suppliers may fail to comply with legal, regulatory or voluntary standards or broader 
community and stakeholder expectations concerning ESG risk performance 
ESG issues have been subject to increasing legal, regulatory, voluntary and prudential standards and increasing 
(and sometimes differing) community and stakeholder expectations. These include: 
 
Environmental issues – such as climate change, deforestation and illegal land clearing, biodiversity 
loss, ecosystem degradation and pollution. Supervisory and regulatory guidance and requirements for 
banks are increasingly focusing on ESG risks, as regulators seek to understand and manage system-
wide impacts such as those arising from climate-related risks. This focus is quickly evolving to broader 
environmental issues, such as nature-related risks, as the links between nature and economic prosperity

--- Page 35 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
33 
 
 
and societal wellbeing are becoming better understood. This has been a particular focus of the Task 
Force on Nature-related Financial Disclosures, the development of which is supported by the 
Australian, NZ and UK governments. 
 
Social issues – such as human rights (including modern slavery), compliance with recognised labour 
standards and fair working conditions (such as NZ’s Recognised Seasonal Employer scheme), unfair 
and inequitable treatment of people including discrimination, product responsibility, appropriate 
remuneration and indigenous land rights and cultural heritage including any such potential impacts on 
these matters from a customer’s operations and/or projects.  
 
Governance issues – such as bribery and corruption, tax avoidance, greenwashing and other false or 
misleading environmental or sustainability claims, poor governance, lack of transparency and not 
fulfilling accountabilities.   
As certain issues become better understood and the associated risks can be more accurately quantified, 
corporate ESG commitments, and performance against those commitments, may be more closely monitored 
by external stakeholders. 
Failure by BNZ to: 
 
comply with ESG-related legislation, regulatory requirements or standards including new ESG-related 
disclosure requirements arising globally from the release of the International Sustainability Standards 
Board’s Sustainability and Climate Disclosure Standards and the introduction of climate-related 
disclosure regulatory requirements in Australia and New Zealand related to the recommendations of 
the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures; 
 
meet ESG-related commitments, goals and targets set by BNZ, or its ESG-related policies;  
 
meet community and stakeholder expectations in relation to ESG;   
 
apply appropriate ESG standards to its customers or to entities in BNZ’s supply chain; or 
 
appropriately make representations about its ESG-related products and performance,  
may adversely impact BNZ’s reputation and customer and employee sentiment towards BNZ, may increase 
the risk of ESG-related litigation against BNZ, or may result in regulatory fines or penalties, including 
litigation or regulatory action related to green washing. 
BNZ has published decarbonisation targets under the Net Zero Banking Alliance and, in order to achieve these 
targets, it may need to make commercial decisions that impact the profile of its lending portfolio. 
Certain products, services or industries may become subject to heightened public scrutiny, either generally or 
following a specific adverse event, or as a result of activism by investors or special interest groups. This could 
result in a sudden and significant decrease in demand for these products or services and a negative impact on 
revenue and access to capital for some businesses, and increasing litigation risk. Reputational damage to 
impacted suppliers, customers or customer sectors may give rise to associated reputational damage to BNZ. In 
addition, levels of customer defaults in an impacted sector may increase, adversely impacting BNZ’s financial 
performance and position and its profitability.  
Conduct Risk 
Conduct risk is the risk that a behaviour, or action by either BNZ, or those acting on behalf of BNZ, does not 
lead to the appropriate outcome for BNZ’s colleagues, customers, communities and other stakeholders.

--- Page 36 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
34 
 
 
BNZ is reliant on its employees, contractors and external suppliers acting in an appropriate and ethical way 
Organisational culture can greatly influence individual and group behaviours. Poor culture can expose an 
organisation and lead to unfair outcomes. The behaviours that could expose BNZ to conduct risk include: 
 
Failure to design products and services that are transparent, accessible and easy for BNZ’s customers 
to understand. 
 
Unmanaged conflicts of interest that could influence behaviour that is not in the customer’s best 
interest. 
 
Non-adherence to applicable learning and competency training requirements. 
 
Selling, providing or unduly influencing customers to purchase or receive, products or services that 
may not meet their existing needs or that place the customer at risk of future hardship. 
 
Making representations to customers about products or services of BNZ which are inaccurate, 
misleading or deceptive, including representations which may mislead the customer on the extent to 
which BNZ’s practices are environmentally friendly, sustainable or ethical. 
 
Being a party to fraud. 
 
Failure to protect customers from fraud or scams when banking through digital channels or failure to 
respond adequately to customers impacted by external fraud or scams. 
 
Non-adherence to applicable requirements or providing financial advice which is not appropriate or in 
the customer’s interests. 
 
Delays in appropriately escalating regulatory and compliance issues. 
 
Failure to resolve issues and remediate customers in a timely manner and in accordance with 
community expectations. 
 
Failure to deliver on product and service commitments. 
 
Failure to remediate ineffective business processes and stop re-occurrence of issues in a timely manner. 
 
Failure to act in accordance with its Code of Conduct. 
If BNZ’s conduct-related controls were to fail significantly, be designed inappropriately, or not meet legal or 
regulatory requirements or community expectations, then BNZ may be exposed to, among other things: 
 
Increased costs of compliance, fines, additional capital requirements, public censure, loss of customer 
confidence, representative actions and other litigation, settlements and restitution to customers or 
communities. 
 
Increased supervision, oversight or enforcement by regulators or other stakeholders. 
 
Unenforceability of contracts such as loans, guarantees and other security documents. 
 
Enforced suspension of operations, amendments to licence conditions or loss of licence to operate all 
or part of BNZ’s businesses.

--- Page 37 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
35 
 
 
 
Other enforcement or administrative action or agreements, including legal proceedings.  
A failure of BNZ’s conduct-related controls to accurately reflect relevant legal, regulatory or community 
expectations may adversely impact BNZ’s reputation, financial performance and position, profitability, 
operations and returns to investors and can lead to unfair customer outcomes. 
Compliance Risk 
Compliance risk is the risk of failing to understand and comply with relevant laws, regulations, licence 
conditions, supervisory requirements, self-regulatory industry codes of conduct and voluntary initiatives as 
well as the internal policies, standards, procedures and frameworks that support fair and equitable treatment 
of customers. 
BNZ may be involved in a breach or alleged breach of laws governing bribery, corruption and financial crime 
Supervision and regulation of financial crime and enforcement of anti-bribery and corruption, anti-money 
laundering and countering financing of terrorism laws (collectively referred to as AML/CFT) continue to 
increase in recent years. 
BNZ has reported a number of potential AML/CFT compliance issues to the RBNZ and has responded to a 
number of requests from the RBNZ requiring the production of documents and information. BNZ continues 
to investigate and remediate a number of potential AML/CFT compliance issues. As this work progresses, 
further compliance issues may be identified and reported to the RBNZ, and additional uplifting and 
strengthening of BNZ’s systems and processes may be required. The potential outcome and total costs 
associated with the investigation and remediation process remain uncertain.  
A negative outcome which may arise from any investigation or remediation process may adversely impact 
BNZ’s reputation, business operations, financial position and results. Further, given the large volume of 
transactions that BNZ processes, the undetected failure of internal AML/CFT controls, or the ineffective 
remediation of compliance issues, could result in a significant number of breaches of AML/CFT obligations 
and significant civil penalties for BNZ. 
As a bank engaged in global finance and trade, BNZ also faces risks relating to compliance with financial 
sanctions laws across multiple jurisdictions. Should BNZ’s sanctions controls fail, this could lead to sanctions 
violations, resulting in potentially significant monetary and regulatory penalties. This, in turn, may adversely 
impact BNZ’s reputation, financial performance and position. These risks are increased in the context of 
additional, wide ranging economic sanctions and export controls imposed in 2022 and 2023 as a result of the 
Russia-Ukraine conflict. 
Refer to ‘Notes to and Forming Part of the Interim Financial Statements – Note 16 – Contingent Liabilities 
and Other Commitments’ on page 23 of BNZ’s Disclosure Statement for the six months ended 31 March 2023 
(the March 2023 HY Disclosure Statement), which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, for more 
information. 
BNZ may fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations which may expose BNZ to   significant 
compliance and remediation costs, regulatory enforcement action or litigation, including representative 
actions 
BNZ is highly regulated and subject to various regulatory regimes which differ across the jurisdictions in 
which it conducts its own business or has some connection through being a member of the NAB Group.  
Ensuring compliance with all applicable laws is complex. There is a risk BNZ will be unable to implement the 
processes and controls required by relevant laws and regulations in a timely manner or that BNZ’s internal

--- Page 38 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
36 
 
 
controls will prove to be inadequate or ineffective in ensuring compliance. There is also a potential risk of 
misinterpreting new or existing regulations. 
There is significant cost associated with the systems, processes, controls and personnel required to comply 
with applicable laws and regulations. Such costs may negatively impact BNZ’s financial performance and 
position. Any failure to comply with relevant laws and regulations may have a negative impact on BNZ’s 
reputation and financial performance and position, and may give rise to representative actions, litigation or 
regulatory enforcement, which may in turn result in the imposition of civil or criminal penalties or additional 
regulatory capital requirements on BNZ. 
BNZ may be involved from time to time in regulatory enforcement and other legal proceedings arising from 
the conduct of its business. There is inherent uncertainty regarding the possible outcome of any legal or 
regulatory proceedings involving BNZ. It is also possible that representative actions, regulatory investigations, 
compliance reviews, civil or criminal proceedings, or the imposition of new licence conditions or regulatory 
capital requirements could arise in relation to these matters or other matters of which BNZ is not yet aware. 
The aggregate potential liability and costs associated with legal proceedings cannot be estimated with any 
certainty.  
A negative outcome which may arise from any regulatory investigations or litigation involving BNZ may 
impact BNZ’s reputation, divert management time from operations and affect BNZ’s financial performance 
and position. Refer to ‘Notes to and Forming Part of the Interim Financial Statements—Note 16—Contingent 
Liabilities and Other Commitments’ on page 23 of the March 2023 HY Disclosure Statement, which is 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, for details in relation to BNZ’s contingent liabilities which may 
impact BNZ. 
Extensive regulatory change poses a significant risk to BNZ 
Globally, the financial services and banking industries are subject to significant and increasing levels of 
regulatory change, reviews and political scrutiny, including in NZ. The pace and volume of change also expose 
BNZ to the increased risk of failure to adequately identify all applicable regulatory changes. Changes to laws 
and regulations or their interpretation and application can be unpredictable, are beyond BNZ’s control, and 
may not be harmonised across the jurisdictions in which BNZ conducts business or has some connection 
through being a member of the NAB Group. 
Regulatory change may result in significant capital and compliance costs, changes to BNZ’s corporate 
structure and increasing demands on management, colleagues and information technology systems. This may 
also impact the viability of BNZ’s participation in certain markets or require the divestment of a part of BNZ’s 
business. 
Operationalising large volumes of regulatory change presents ongoing risks for BNZ. Extensive work is done 
to assess proposed design solutions and to test design effectiveness of controls for each regulatory change 
before the effective date, however, the operating effectiveness of some controls cannot be fully tested until the 
go-live date for the relevant regulatory change has occurred. There are also inherent risks associated with the 
dependency on third parties for the effectiveness of some controls. 
The NZ Government and its agencies, including the RBNZ and the Financial Markets Authority have 
supervisory oversight of BNZ, as does APRA, indirectly through its supervisory oversight of the NAB Group. 
BNZ expects a continued increase in regulatory focus on capital and liquidity requirements, macro-prudential 
tools, customer outcomes and other aspects of its business that may impose increased regulatory burdens. 
BNZ’s failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or codes of practice could result in the imposition 
of sanctions by agencies or compensatory action by affected persons, and could damage BNZ’s reputation and 
financial performance and position.

--- Page 39 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
37 
 
 
BNZ is a registered bank under the Banking (Prudential Supervision) Act 1989 (BPS Act), which was 
previously named the Reserve Bank of New Zealand Act 1989, and is supervised by the RBNZ. BNZ is subject 
to conditions of registration imposed by the RBNZ (Conditions of Registration). The Conditions of 
Registration may be changed at any time and any changes may be beyond BNZ’s control. If the RBNZ 
concluded that BNZ did not satisfy the Conditions of Registration, sanctions could be imposed on BNZ. These 
sanctions could include disclosure of the breach, increases in required levels of capital, fines, additional 
limitations on the conduct of BNZ’s business and, in the case of a material breach or breaches, cancellation of 
BNZ’s registration as a bank or a recommendation that BNZ be placed under statutory management. In 
addition, the RBNZ could require BNZ to take additional steps and incur additional expense to comply with 
the Conditions of Registration. 
Inquiries and regulatory reviews impacting the financial services industry may be commissioned by the NZ 
Government, which, depending on their scope, findings and recommendations, may adversely impact BNZ. 
Examples of specific reviews and regulatory reforms currently relevant to BNZ and which present a potential 
material regulatory risk include those set out below:  
 
The NZ Government has undertaken a comprehensive review of the RBNZ's legislative framework. 
Changes to the governance of, and accountability arrangements for, the RBNZ, have now been passed 
under the Reserve Bank of New Zealand Act 2021. Changes that relate to the regulation of deposit 
takers are provided for in a "Deposit Takers Bill", which was introduced to NZ Parliament in 
September 2022. The Deposit Takers Bill will create a single regulatory regime for all banks and non-
bank deposit taking (NBDT) institutions (such as building societies and finance companies). It will 
also introduce a new depositor compensation scheme funded by industry levies that will protect up to 
NZ$100,000 per depositor, per institution in the event of a failure and make changes to the NZ bank 
crisis resolution framework. Until the Deposit Takers Bill is enacted, the current regulatory framework 
for banks will continue under the BPS Act. It is expected that the Deposit Takers Bill will be enacted 
by mid-to-late 2023. Measures to implement the depositor compensation scheme will be prioritised to 
have the scheme operational in late 2024. 
 
The RBNZ has proposed the introduction of a broad executive accountability regime for directors and 
senior employees of banks, NBDT institutions  and insurers, although the NZ Government has 
indicated that this work is currently on hold.   
 
The Financial Markets (Conduct of Institutions) Amendment Act 2022 (CoFI Act) will create an 
oversight and licensing regime for regulating conduct in the banking, NBDT and insurance sectors. 
The CoFI Act is expected to come into force in early 2025. 
 
The RBNZ has commenced proof-of-concept design work for the development of a CBDC in NZ and 
is expected to continue its consultation on the potential form of this currency during the remainder of 
2023. Depending on the final form of this digital currency, it may impose additional and significant 
regulatory and operational requirements on BNZ, and it also has the potential to disintermediate 
existing payment services. 
 
The RBNZ has finalised a framework for operationalising debt-to-income restrictions so that 
restrictions could be introduced in 2024, if required. 
 
Globally, regulators increasingly expect that the financial services industry, including banks, will play 
a more substantive role in protecting customers from scams and other fraudulent activity. While 
recognising the potential for regulatory change to address the impact of scams, BNZ continues to 
proactively educate its customers about scams and further enhance its systems and processes to detect 
and protect customers and BNZ from scams and fraud.  In this way, BNZ seeks to mitigate the risk to 
customers from scam or fraud activity that may be difficult for BNZ to anticipate or control. Although

--- Page 40 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
38 
 
 
no government policy or position in relation to a contingent reimbursement scheme has been 
promulgated in NZ, BNZ’s strategic planning and enhancement of systems and processes will also 
prepare it for potential regulatory change in this regard. Given the considerable growth in industry and 
customer losses from fraud, the potential costs associated with control failures and transferal of risk 
from the customer may be significant. 
 
Proposed and incoming ESG-related regulatory regimes, including increasing obligations relating to 
modern slavery, climate and other sustainability risk-related prudential guidance and regulatory and 
reporting requirements. These include reporting of disclosures similar to the Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures in NZ from late 2024 via the Financial Sector (Climate-related 
Disclosures and Other Matters) Amendment Act 2021, forthcoming changes to accounting standards 
on disclosure of sustainability and climate-related financial information expected to be published by 
the International Sustainability Standards Board in 2023 and other reporting standards, and the 
developing recommendations of the Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures which are in 
late-stage consultation and are expected to be published in September 2023. 
There are a number of other ongoing or proposed regulatory changes and inquiries within NZ and globally that 
are relevant to BNZ such as operational resilience (including cyber security), financial contingency and 
resolution planning, risk management (including developments relating to crypto assets and the new 
operational risk standard incorporating outsourcing and business continuity management), governance, 
vulnerability, financial advice reforms, changes to financial benchmarks, liquidity reforms, consumer credit 
responsible lending and disclosure laws, derivatives reform, payments, data quality, protection and privacy 
law reforms,, competition inquiries, financial crime legislation, accounting and financial reporting 
requirements, sustainability and climate risk disclosure, modern slavery, tax reform and the development of a 
CDR. 
The full scope, timeline and impact of current and potential inquiries and regulatory reforms such as those 
mentioned above, or how they will be implemented (if at all in some cases), is not known.  
Depending on the specific nature of the regulatory change requirements and how and when they are 
implemented or enforced, they may have an adverse impact on BNZ’s business, operations, structure, 
compliance costs or capital requirements, and ultimately its reputation, financial performance or financial 
position. 
BNZ may be exposed to losses if critical accounting judgements and estimates are subsequently found to be 
incorrect 
Preparation of BNZ’s financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions and to 
exercise judgement in applying relevant accounting policies, each of which may directly impact the reported 
amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. A higher degree of judgement is required for the 
recognition and estimates used in the measurement of provisions (including for customer-related remediation 
and other regulatory matters), the determination of income tax, the valuation of financial assets and liabilities 
(including fair value and credit impairment of loans and advances), and the valuation of intangible assets. If 
the judgements, estimates and assumptions used by BNZ in preparing the financial statements are subsequently 
found to be incorrect, there could be a significant loss to BNZ beyond that anticipated or provided for, which 
may adversely impact BNZ’s reputation, financial performance and financial position.

--- Page 41 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
39 
 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE COVERED BOND GUARANTOR, INCLUDING THE 
ABILITY OF THE COVERED BOND GUARANTOR TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS IN 
RELATION TO THE COVERED BOND GUARANTEE  
Covered Bond Guarantor only obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts when the same are Due for Payment 
Subsequent to an Issuer Event of Default, the Bond Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing 
by the holders of at least 25 per cent. of the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Covered Bondholders shall, give an Issuer Acceleration Notice to the Issuer that as against the Issuer (but not, 
for the avoidance of doubt, as against the Covered Bond Guarantor) each Covered Bond shall thereupon 
immediately become due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest. 
Upon the Covered Bonds becoming immediately due and repayable against the Issuer, the Bond Trustee shall 
forthwith serve a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Covered Bond Guarantor shall be 
required to make payments of Guaranteed Amounts when the same shall become Due for Payment in 
accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee. The Covered Bond Guarantor will have no 
obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee prior to receipt of an 
Issuer Acceleration Notice and Notice to Pay (provided a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default has not 
occurred). 
Following service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor the Covered Bond Guarantor shall pay 
or procure to be paid on each Scheduled Payment Date to or to the order of the Bond Trustee (for the benefit 
of Covered Bondholders) an amount equal to those Guaranteed Amounts which shall have become Due for 
Payment in accordance with the terms of the Bond Trust Deed but which have not been paid by the Issuer 
provided that no Notice to Pay shall be served on the Covered Bond Guarantor until an Issuer Acceleration 
Notice has been served by the Bond Trustee on the Issuer.  
Covered Bond Guarantor’s obligations in respect of additional amounts 
All payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Covered Bonds by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges unless required by law. In the event of a withholding or deduction being 
made by the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered Bond Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any additional 
amounts as a consequence. In addition, the Covered Bond Guarantor will not be obliged at any time to make 
any payments in respect of additional amounts which may become payable by the Issuer under Condition 7 
(Taxation). Prior to service on the Covered Bond Guarantor of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor will not be obliged to make payment in respect of any additional amounts relating 
to prepayments, early redemption, broken funding indemnities, penalties, premiums, default interest or interest 
upon interest which may accrue on or in respect of the Covered Bonds.  
Covered Bond Guarantor’s failure to pay 
Subject to any grace period, if the Covered Bond Guarantor fails to make a payment when Due for Payment 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee or any other Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default occurs, then the 
Bond Trustee may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 25 per cent. of the NZ Dollar 
Equivalent of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds then outstanding or if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders shall, accelerate the obligations of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee by service of a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice, whereupon the Bond Trustee will have a claim under the Covered Bond Guarantee for 
an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount of each Covered Bond, together with accrued interest and 
all other amounts then due under the Covered Bonds (other than additional amounts payable under Condition 
7 (Taxation)), although in such circumstances the Covered Bond Guarantor will not be obliged to gross up in

--- Page 42 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
40 
 
 
respect of any withholding which may be required in respect of any payment. Following service of a Covered 
Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice and/or the commencement of winding up proceedings against the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, the Security Trustee may enforce the Security over the Charged Property. The 
proceeds of enforcement and realisation of the Security shall be applied by the Security Trustee in accordance 
with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments in the Security Deed, and Covered Bondholders will receive 
amounts from the Covered Bond Guarantor on an accelerated basis. 
There is no guarantee that the Covered Bond Guarantor will be able to satisfy its obligations to make payments 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Should the Covered Bond Guarantor be unable to meet the claims of 
Covered Bondholders under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the interests of Covered Bondholders may be 
adversely affected and Covered Bondholders may not receive payment in full of all amounts due in respect of 
the Covered bonds held by them.  
Excess Proceeds received by the Bond Trustee 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice, the Bond 
Trustee may receive Excess Proceeds. The Excess Proceeds will be paid by the Bond Trustee on behalf of the 
Covered Bondholders of the relevant Series to the Covered Bond Guarantor for its own account, as soon as 
practicable, and will be held by the Covered Bond Guarantor in the GIC Account and the Excess Proceeds will 
thereafter form part of the Security and will be used by the Covered Bond Guarantor in the same manner as all 
other moneys from time to time standing to the credit of the GIC Account. Any Excess Proceeds received by 
the Bond Trustee will discharge pro tanto the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds and 
Coupons (subject to restitution of the same if such Excess Proceeds shall be required to be repaid by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor). However, the obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee are (following service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice) unconditional and 
irrevocable and the receipt by the Bond Trustee of any Excess Proceeds will not reduce or discharge any such 
obligations. 
By subscribing for Covered Bonds, each holder of the Covered Bonds will be deemed to have irrevocably 
directed the Bond Trustee to pay the Excess Proceeds to the Covered Bond Guarantor in the manner as 
described above. 
Finite resources available to the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments due under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice on the 
Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor, all amounts payable under the Covered Bonds will be accelerated by 
the Bond Trustee as against the Issuer and a Notice to Pay will be served by the Bond Trustee on the Covered 
Bond Guarantor. The Covered Bond Guarantor's ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee will depend on: (i) the realisable value of Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security in the 
Mortgage Loan Portfolio; (ii) the amount of Mortgage Loan Revenue Receipts and Mortgage Loan Principal 
Receipts generated by the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and the timing thereof; (iii) amounts received from the 
Swap Providers; (iv) the realisable value of Substitution Assets and Authorised Investments held by it and; (v) 
the receipt by it of credit balances and interest on credit balances on the GIC Account. Recourse against the 
Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee is limited to the aforementioned assets and the 
Covered Bond Guarantor will not have any other source of funds available to meet its obligations under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. 
If a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default occurs and the Security created by or pursuant to the Security 
Deed is enforced, the realisation of the Charged Property may not be sufficient to meet the claims of all the 
Secured Creditors, including the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 43 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
41 
 
 
If, following enforcement of the Security constituted by or pursuant to the Security Deed, the Secured Creditors 
have not received the full amount due to them pursuant to the terms of the Programme Documents, then they 
may still have an unsecured claim against the Issuer for the shortfall. There is no guarantee that the Issuer will 
have sufficient funds to pay that shortfall. 
Covered Bondholders should note that the Asset Coverage Test has been structured to ensure that the Adjusted 
Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount is an amount at least equal to the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds for so long as Covered Bonds remain outstanding, which 
should reduce the risk of a shortfall (although there is no assurance of this – in particular, the sale of further 
Mortgage Loans and Related Security by the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor may be required to avoid 
or remedy a breach of the Asset Coverage Test).  
The Covered Bond Guarantor will be required to ensure that, following the service of a Notice to Pay on the 
Covered Bond Guarantor (but prior to the enforcement of the Security in accordance with the Security Deed), 
the Amortisation Test is met on each Calculation Date. A breach of the Amortisation Test will constitute a 
Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and will entitle the Bond Trustee to serve a Covered Bond 
Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer. The Asset Coverage Test, the 
Amortisation Test, the Interest Rate Shortfall Test, the Yield Shortfall Test and the Pre-Maturity Test have in 
the aggregate been structured to ensure that the Asset Pool is sufficient to pay amounts due on the Covered 
Bonds and senior expenses (which will include costs relating to the maintenance, administration and winding-
up of the Asset Pool whilst the Covered Bonds are outstanding). However no assurance can be given that the 
Asset Pool will in fact generate sufficient amounts for such purposes (see "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Establishment Deed – Asset Coverage Test" and "Credit Structure – Asset Coverage Test", 
"Overview of the Principal Documents - Establishment Deed - Amortisation Test" and "Credit Structure - 
Amortisation Test", "Overview of the Principal Documents – Servicing Agreement – Interest Rate Shortfall 
Test and Yield Shortfall Test", "Overview of the Principal Documents – Establishment Deed – Pre-Maturity 
Test" and "Credit Structure – Pre-Maturity Test").  
Reliance of the Covered Bond Guarantor on third parties 
The Covered Bond Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed 
to perform services for the Covered Bond Guarantor. In particular, but without limitation,  
(a) 
the Servicer has been appointed to administer and service the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio and to provide the Asset Registry Services on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor and to 
provide certain other administration and management services to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
pursuant to the provisions of the Servicing Agreement;  
(b) 
the Trust Manager has been appointed to provide the administration and cash management services 
set out in the Programme Documents including, without limitation, operating the Trust Accounts, 
keeping and maintaining records, causing annual accounts of the Trust to be audited and investing 
moneys standing to the credit of the GIC Account in Substitution Assets or Authorised Investments; 
(c) 
the Calculation Manager has been appointed to provide the calculation services set out in the 
Programme Documents including, without limitation, doing all calculations on each Calculation Date 
which are required to determine whether the Mortgage Loan Portfolio is in compliance with the Asset 
Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test or the Pre-Maturity Test, as the case may be, and providing 
information to the Asset Monitor;  
(d) 
the Asset Monitor has been appointed to report on the accuracy of the Calculation Manager's 
calculations, the maintenance by the Servicer of the Asset Register and its compliance with the 
procedures and internal controls for ensuring the Asset Register is kept up-to-date and accurate and 
that the Asset Pool remains consistent with any Asset Class Designation; and

--- Page 44 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
42 
 
 
(e) 
the Account Bank has been appointed to operate each of the Trust Accounts in accordance with the 
relevant Account Bank Mandate pursuant to the Account Bank Agreement. 
In the event that any of those third parties fails to perform its obligations under the relevant agreement to which 
it is a party, the realisable value of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and other assets in the Asset Pool or any part 
thereof or pending such realisation (if the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and other assets in the Asset Pool or any 
part thereof cannot be sold) the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee may be affected. For example, if the Servicer fails to adequately administer the Mortgage 
Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, this may lead to higher incidences of non-payment or default by 
Borrowers.  
The Covered Bond Guarantor will also be reliant on the Swap Providers to provide it with the funds matching 
its obligations under the Intercompany Loan Agreement, the Demand Loan Agreement and the Covered Bond 
Guarantee, as described below. 
The Servicer is required to act as collecting agent for the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of Mortgage 
Loan Scheduled Payments made by a Borrower. If the Servicer receives, during a Calculation Period, any 
money whatsoever arising from the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and the Related Security 
which money belongs to the Covered Bond Guarantor and such money is to be credited to the GIC Account 
pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer shall hold such money on trust for the Covered Bond 
Guarantor. The Servicer is entitled to commingle such money with any other money held by it. In the event of 
an insolvency of the Servicer, the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to trace and recover any such 
commingled money may be impaired. The risk of the Servicer not making payment on each Calculation Date 
is mitigated by an obligation of the Servicer to transfer the collections into the GIC Account within two NZ 
Business Days of receipt if the Servicer's short-term credit ratings are downgraded below P-1 (by Moody's) or 
F1 (by Fitch) or long-term credit ratings are downgraded below A (Fitch). 
The Servicer has no obligation itself to advance payments that Borrowers fail to make in a timely fashion. 
Covered Bondholders will have no right to consent to or approve of any actions taken by the Servicer under 
the Servicing Agreement. 
Neither the Security Trustee nor the Bond Trustee is obliged in any circumstances to act as a Servicer or to 
monitor the performance by the Servicer of its obligations. 
If a Servicer Termination Event occurs, then the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Trust Manager on its behalf 
(with the consent of the Security Trustee), or the Security Trustee may (acting on the direction (for so long as 
there are Covered Bonds outstanding) of the Bond Trustee or (where no Covered Bonds are outstanding) the 
Majority Secured Creditors) terminate the appointment of the Servicer. Following such termination of the 
appointment of the Servicer, the Covered Bond Guarantor (with the prior consent of the Security Trustee) shall 
use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a substitute servicer. Any termination of the appointment of the 
Servicer and the appointment of a substitute servicer is conditional upon the Seller having delivered a Rating 
Affirmation Notice to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the Servicer, the substitute servicer 
and the Rating Agencies in respect of such termination and appointment. There can be no assurance that either 
(a) a substitute servicer with sufficient experience of administering mortgages of residential properties would 
be found who would be willing and able to service the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and 
perform the Asset Registry Services on the terms of the Servicing Agreement, or (b) a Rating Affirmation 
Notice could be delivered by the Seller in respect of such substitute servicer. The ability of a replacement 
servicer to perform fully the required services would depend, among other things, on the information, software 
and records available at the time of the appointment. Any delay or inability to appoint a replacement servicer 
may affect payments on the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, the realisable value of such 
Mortgage Loans and/or the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee.

--- Page 45 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
43 
 
 
If a Trust Manager Termination Event occurs, then the Covered Bond Guarantor (with the consent of the 
Security Trustee) or the Security Trustee may terminate the appointment of the Trust Manager. The Covered 
Bond Guarantor will be required to use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a replacement trust manager. 
There can be no assurance that a replacement trust manager would be found who would be willing and able to 
provide such trust management services on the terms of the Establishment Deed and the Management 
Agreement. The Security Trustee will not be obliged in any circumstances to act as a Trust Manager or to 
monitor or supervise the performance by the Trust Manager (or any replacement trust manager) of its 
obligations. 
If a Calculation Manager Termination Event occurs, then the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Trust Manager 
on its behalf and/or the Security Trustee will be entitled to terminate the appointment of the Calculation 
Manager. The Covered Bond Guarantor will be required to use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a 
replacement calculation manager. There can be no assurance that a replacement calculation manager would be 
found who would be willing and able to provide such calculation management services on the terms of the 
Establishment Deed and the Management Agreement. The Security Trustee will not be obliged in any 
circumstances to act as the Calculation Manager or to monitor or supervise the performance by the Calculation 
Manager (or any replacement calculation manager) of its obligations. 
Any delay or inability to appoint a replacement trust manager or calculation manager may affect payments to 
and from the Transaction Accounts in accordance with the terms of the Programme Documents, and/or the 
provision of the asset coverage reports and other information to, among others, the Rating Agencies, the 
Security Trustee and the Covered Bond Guarantor and may ultimately affect the ability of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
The Trust Manager has no obligation itself to advance payments that Borrowers fail to make in a timely 
fashion. Covered Bondholders will have no right to consent to or approve of any actions taken by the Trust 
Manager under the Establishment Deed or the Management Agreement. 
Neither the Security Trustee nor the Bond Trustee is obliged in any circumstances to act as a Trust Manager 
or to monitor the performance by the Trust Manager of its obligations. 
Reliance of the Covered Bond Guarantor on Swap Providers 
In order to hedge certain interest rate, currency or other risks in respect of amounts received by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor under the Mortgage Loans, the amounts standing to the credit of the GIC Account, any 
Substitution Assets or Authorised Investments and any other assets that the Covered Bond Guarantor may hold 
from time to time, and amounts payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Intercompany Loan 
Agreement and/or the Demand Loan Agreement to BNZ and/or amounts payable under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee in respect of the Covered Bonds on issue, the Covered Bond Guarantor will enter into certain swap 
transactions with swap providers (each, a Swap Provider). 
If the Covered Bond Guarantor fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Swap Agreement, 
then it will have defaulted under that Swap Agreement and such Swap Agreement may be terminated. Further, 
a Swap Provider is only obliged to make payments to the Covered Bond Guarantor if the Covered Bond 
Guarantor complies with its payment obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement. If a Swap Agreement 
terminates or the relevant Swap Provider is not obliged to make payments or if it defaults in its obligations to 
make payments of amounts in the relevant currency equal to the full amount to be paid to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor on the payment date under such Swap Agreements, the Covered Bond Guarantor will be exposed 
to changes in the relevant currency exchange rates to NZ Dollars (where relevant) and to any changes in the 
relevant rates of interest. Unless a replacement swap is entered into, the Covered Bond Guarantor may have 
insufficient funds to make payments under the Intercompany Loan Agreement, the Demand Loan Agreement 
or the Covered Bond Guarantee.

--- Page 46 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
44 
 
 
If a Swap Agreement terminates, then the Covered Bond Guarantor may be obliged to make a termination 
payment to the relevant Swap Provider. There can be no assurance that the Covered Bond Guarantor will have 
sufficient funds available to make a termination payment under the relevant Swap Agreement or to make any 
upfront payment required by a replacement swap counterparty, nor can there be any assurance that the Covered 
Bond Guarantor will be able to find a replacement swap counterparty which has both sufficiently high ratings 
as may be required by any of the Rating Agencies and which agrees to enter into a replacement swap agreement 
on similar commercial terms. 
If the Covered Bond Guarantor is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Swap Agreement, any such 
termination payment in respect of:  
(i) 
the Interest Rate Swap will rank ahead of amounts due on the Covered Bonds; and  
(ii) 
the Covered Bond Swap will rank pari passu with amounts due on the Covered Bonds,  
except where default by, or downgrade of, the relevant Swap Provider has caused the relevant Swap Agreement 
to terminate. The obligation to pay a termination payment may adversely affect the ability of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
There are differences in timings of obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Covered Bond Swap 
Providers under the Covered Bond Swaps that may affect the Covered Bond Guarantor's ability to make 
payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee  
Subject to the terms of the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, the Covered Bond Guarantor may be 
required, following service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, to pay or provide for payment 
of an amount to each Covered Bond Swap Provider on a quarterly basis. The Covered Bond Swap Provider 
may not be obliged to make corresponding swap payments to the Covered Bond Guarantor under a Covered 
Bond Swap until amounts are Due for Payment under the Covered Bond Guarantee. In such circumstances, if 
a Covered Bond Swap Provider does not meet its payment obligations to the Covered Bond Guarantor under 
the Covered Bond Swap Agreement or such Covered Bond Swap Provider does not make a termination 
payment that has become due from it to the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement, the Covered Bond Guarantor may have a larger shortfall in funds with which to make payments 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee with respect to the Covered Bonds than if the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider's payment obligations coincided with the Covered Bond Guarantor's payment obligations under the 
Covered Bond Swap. Hence, the difference in timing between the obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
and the obligations of the Covered Bond Swap Providers under the Covered Bond Swaps may adversely affect 
the Covered Bond Guarantor's ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee.  
Change of counterparties 
The parties to the Programme Documents who receive and hold moneys pursuant to the terms of such 
documents (such as the Servicer and the Account Bank) will be required to satisfy certain criteria, pursuant to 
those Programme Documents, in order to continue to receive and hold moneys. 
These criteria will include requirements in relation to the short-term and long-term, unguaranteed and 
unsecured ratings ascribed to such party by Fitch and Moody's. If the party concerned ceases to satisfy the 
applicable criteria, including such ratings criteria, then the rights and obligations of that party (including the 
right or obligation to receive moneys on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor) may be required to be 
transferred to another entity which does satisfy the applicable criteria. In these circumstances, the terms agreed 
with the replacement entity may not be as favourable as those agreed with the original party pursuant to the 
Programme Documents.

--- Page 47 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
45 
 
 
In addition, should the applicable criteria cease to be satisfied, then the parties to the relevant Programme 
Document may agree to amend or waive certain of the terms of such document, including the applicable 
criteria, in order to avoid the need for a replacement entity to be appointed. The consent of Covered 
Bondholders may not be required in relation to such amendments and/or waivers. 
Covered Bondholders receive a limited description of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio 
Covered Bondholders may not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Mortgage Loans in 
the Mortgage Loan Portfolio because it is expected that the constitution of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio will 
frequently change due to, for instance: 
 
the Seller selling additional Mortgage Loans and the Related Security (or Mortgage Loans of New 
Product Types and the Related Security) to the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
 
payments by the Borrowers on those Mortgage Loans; and 
 
the Seller repurchasing Mortgage Loans and the Related Security in accordance with the Mortgage 
Sale Agreement, in particular, in relation to non-compliance with the Representations and 
Warranties and in the case of a Further Advance, Cash Redraw or Product Switch or where the 
Mortgage for a Mortgage Loan also secures Associated Debt that is in default (see "Overview of 
the Principal Documents - Mortgage Sale Agreement - Repurchase by the Seller"). 
There is no assurance that the characteristics of the New Mortgage Loans sold to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
on any Transfer Date will be the same as those of the other Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio 
as at the relevant Transfer Date. However, each Mortgage Loan sold to the Covered Bond Guarantor will be 
required to be a Qualifying Mortgage Loan and the Seller will also be required to make the Representations 
and Warranties set out in the Mortgage Sale Agreement on such date – see "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Mortgage Sale Agreement – Sale by the Seller of Mortgage Loans and Related Security" 
(although the criteria for Qualifying Mortgage Loans and Representations and Warranties may change in 
certain circumstances – see " The Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee may agree to modifications to the 
Programme Documents without, respectively, the Covered Bondholders' or other Secured Creditors' prior 
consent" above). In addition, the Asset Coverage Test is intended to ensure that on each Calculation Date the 
Adjusted Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount is an amount at least equal to the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds for so long as Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding. Pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement, the Calculation Manager will provide 
quarterly reports (the Asset Coverage Reports) that will set out certain information in relation to the Asset 
Coverage Test. 
If any Mortgage Loans have been originated under revised Servicing Procedures and the Mortgage Loans are 
then sold to the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with and pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Sale 
Agreement, the characteristics of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio could at such time change. This could adversely 
affect the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Maintenance of Portfolio 
Asset Coverage Test may not be satisfied which may lead to an Issuer Event of Default 
The Asset Coverage Test is intended to test the asset coverage of the Covered Bond Guarantor's assets in 
respect of the Covered Bonds on a three-monthly basis. This is to ensure that the assets of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor do not fall below a certain threshold and are sufficient for the Covered Bond Guarantor to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee and senior expenses which rank in priority or pari passu with 
amounts due on the Covered Bonds (see "Overview of the Principal Documents – Establishment Deed – Asset 
Coverage Test" and "Overview of the Principal Documents – Mortgage Sale Agreement").

--- Page 48 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
46 
 
 
If the Asset Coverage Test is not complied with on a Calculation Date and also on the next following 
Calculation Date the Asset Coverage Test will be breached and the Bond Trustee will serve an Asset Coverage 
Test Breach Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor (subject to the Bond Trustee having actual knowledge or 
express notice of the breach). The Bond Trustee shall be deemed to revoke an Asset Coverage Test Breach 
Notice if, on the next Calculation Date to occur following the service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice, 
the Asset Coverage Test is subsequently satisfied and neither a Notice to Pay nor a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice has been served. If the Bond Trustee is deemed to revoke an Asset Coverage Test Breach 
Notice, the Covered Bond Guarantor (or the Trust Manager on its behalf) shall immediately notify in writing 
the Bond Trustee thereof. If the Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is not revoked by the Bond Trustee on or 
before the next Calculation Date, then an Issuer Event of Default will occur. The Bond Trustee will then be 
entitled to, and in certain circumstances required to, serve an Issuer Acceleration Notice on the Issuer. 
Following the service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice, the Bond Trustee will be required to serve a Notice to 
Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor.  
Failure to comply with the Amortisation Test may result in the acceleration of the obligations of the Issuer 
and the Covered Bond Guarantor 
The Amortisation Test is intended to ensure that, following service of a Notice to Pay, the assets of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor do not fall below a certain threshold to ensure that the assets of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
are sufficient to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee and senior expenses which rank in 
priority or pari passu with amounts due on the Covered Bonds (see "Overview of the Principal Documents – 
Establishment Deed – Amortisation Test").  
If the aggregate collateral value of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio has not been maintained in accordance with 
the terms of the Asset Coverage Test or the Amortisation Test, then that may affect the realisable value of the 
Mortgage Loan Portfolio or any part thereof (both before and after the occurrence of a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default) and/or the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. Failure to satisfy the Amortisation Test on any Calculation Date following an Issuer 
Event of Default will constitute a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, thereby entitling the Bond 
Trustee to accelerate the Covered Bonds against the Issuer (to the extent not already accelerated against the 
Issuer) and also the Covered Bond Guarantor’s obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee against the 
Covered Bond Guarantor subject to and in accordance with the Conditions. 
RBNZ Regulatory Limit on Covered Bonds 
The RBNZ imposes a regulatory limit on the issuance of covered bonds by New Zealand banks. Under the 
Conditions of Registration imposed on BNZ, no more than 10 per cent. of the total assets of the BNZ banking 
group (plus any assets held by the relevant special purpose vehicle (SPV) that are not included in the BNZ 
banking group's assets) may be beneficially owned by an SPV that has granted security over those assets for 
the benefit of any holder of covered bonds. The RBNZ may review this limit from time to time, taking into 
account evidence as it emerges in the market. This regulatory limit could constrain the ability of the Seller to 
sell Mortgage Loans to the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
There is no guarantee or assurance that the Covered Bond Guarantor will be able to sell Selected Mortgage 
Loans and the Related Security following service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice or a Notice to Pay 
at the times required or for an amount equal to or in excess of the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount 
Following the Demand Loan Provider making demand that the Demand Loan (or part of it) be repaid (subject 
to the Asset Coverage Test being met) or the service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice on the Covered 
Bond Guarantor or a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test or the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Covered Bond Guarantor shall sell Selected Mortgage Loans (selected on a basis that is 
representative of the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio as a whole) and the Related Security, 
unless the Related Security also secures another Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio. The proceeds

--- Page 49 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
47 
 
 
from any such sale shall be deposited into the GIC Account and applied in accordance with the applicable 
Priority of Payments (see "Overview of the Principal Documents – Establishment Deed – Sale of Selected 
Mortgage Loans"). 
There is no guarantee the Covered Bond Guarantor will, where the Covered Bond Guarantor is obliged to sell 
Selected Mortgage Loans, find a buyer to buy Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security at the times 
required and there can be no guarantee or assurance as to the price which may be able to be obtained, which 
may affect payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Following the service of an Asset Coverage Test 
Breach Notice (but prior to the service of a Notice to Pay) the Selected Mortgage Loans may not be sold by 
the Covered Bond Guarantor for an amount less than the Current Principal Balance of the Selected Mortgage 
Loans plus the Arrears of Interest and Accrued Interest thereon. Following a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test 
or service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Selected Mortgage Loans may not be sold 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor for an amount less than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount for the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds. However, if the Selected Mortgage Loans have not been sold by the date 
which is six months prior to either (a) the Final Maturity Date in respect of the Earliest Maturing Covered 
Bonds, or (b) the Extended Due for Payment Date in respect of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, or (c) in 
respect of a sale in connection with the Pre-Maturity Test, the Final Maturity Date of the relevant Series of 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, the Covered Bond Guarantor will offer the Selected Mortgage Loans for sale for 
the best price reasonably available notwithstanding that such amount may be less than the Adjusted Required 
Redemption Amount. 
If Selected Mortgage Loans are not sold for an amount equal to or in excess of the Adjusted Required 
Redemption Amount, the Covered Bond Guarantor may have insufficient funds available to make payment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds. 
On each Trust Payment Date the Covered Bond Guarantor will apply Available Revenue Receipts and 
Available Principal Receipts to redeem or repay in part the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, to the extent a) 
due and payable and; b) that the Covered Bond Guarantor has sufficient moneys available to make such 
payments in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments. Available Principal Receipts will include 
the sale proceeds of Selected Mortgage Loans (including any excess sale proceeds resulting from the sale of 
Selected Mortgage Loans sold in respect of another Series of Covered Bonds) and all principal repayments 
received on the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio generally. This may adversely affect later 
maturing Series of Covered Bonds if the Selected Mortgage Loans sold to redeem or repay in part an earlier 
maturing Series of Covered Bonds are sold for less than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount and 
accordingly the Covered Bond Guarantor is required to apply other assets in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio (such 
as Mortgage Loan Principal Receipts) to redeem that earlier maturing Series of Covered Bonds. 
There is no guarantee or assurances that the Covered Bond Guarantor will be able to sell Selected Mortgage 
Loans and the Related Security if the Pre-Maturity Test is breached at the times required or as to the price 
that may be able to be obtained 
The Establishment Deed provides for the sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security in 
circumstances where the Pre-Maturity Test has been breached in relation to a Series of Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds (see "Overview of Principal Documents – Establishment Deed – Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and 
Related Security if the Pre-Maturity Test is breached"). In the event that the Pre-Maturity Test is breached in 
respect of any Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds during the Pre-Maturity Test Period and the Covered Bond 
Guarantor is unable to sell sufficient Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security within a specified 
period of time, an Issuer Event of Default will occur. 
There is no guarantee that a suitable buyer will be found to acquire Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related 
Security at the times required and there can be no guarantee or assurance as to the price which the Covered 
Bond Guarantor may be able to obtain, which may affect payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee.

--- Page 50 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
48 
 
 
Realisation of Charged Property following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default 
and/or the commencement of winding up proceedings against the Covered Bond Guarantor 
If a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default occurs and a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice is 
served on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer and/or winding up proceedings are commenced against 
the Trust, then the Security Trustee will be entitled to enforce the Security created under and pursuant to the 
Security Deed and the proceeds from the realisation of the Charged Property will be applied by the Security 
Trustee towards payment of all secured obligations in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments described in "Cashflows" below. 
There is no guarantee that the proceeds of realisation of the Charged Property will be in an amount sufficient 
to repay all amounts due to the Secured Creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) under the Covered 
Bonds and the Programme Documents. 
If a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice is served on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer 
then the Covered Bonds may be repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all. 
A number of factors may affect the realisable value of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio or any part thereof or the 
ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the service on the Issuer and the Covered Bond 
Guarantor of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and the service on the Covered Bond Guarantor of a Notice to Pay, 
the realisable value of Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security comprised in the Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio may be reduced (which may affect the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee) by: 
 
representations or warranties not being given by the Covered Bond Guarantor or (unless otherwise 
agreed with the Seller) the Seller; 
 
default by Borrowers of amounts due on their Mortgage Loans; 
 
changes to the Servicing Procedures of the Seller; 
 
the Covered Bond Guarantor not having legal title to the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio; 
 
risks in relation to some types of Mortgage Loans which may adversely affect the value of 
Mortgage Loan Portfolio or any part thereof; 
 
limited recourse to the Seller; 
 
possible regulatory changes by the Commerce Commission in New Zealand and other regulatory 
authorities;  
 
regulations in New Zealand that could lead to some terms of the Mortgage Loans being 
unenforceable;  
 
restrictions on the disposal of All Moneys Mortgages which are subject to an All Moneys Mortgage 
Trust; and 
 
other issues which impact on the enforceability of the Mortgage Loans.

--- Page 51 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
49 
 
 
Some of these factors are considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the Asset Coverage 
Test, the Amortisation Test, the Pre-Maturity Test and the criteria for Qualifying Mortgage Loans are intended 
to ensure that there will be an adequate amount of Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and moneys 
standing to the credit of the GIC Account to enable the Covered Bond Guarantor to repay the Covered Bonds 
following an Issuer Event of Default, service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice on the Issuer and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor and accordingly it is expected 
(but there is no assurance) that Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security could be realised for 
sufficient values to enable the Covered Bond Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
No representations or warranties to be given by the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Seller if Selected 
Mortgage Loans and the Related Security are to be sold 
Following a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test and/or the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, service on 
the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and service on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice and/or 
the realisation of the Security and/or the commencement of winding-up proceedings against the Trust), the 
Covered Bond Guarantor will be obliged to sell Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to third 
party purchasers, subject to a right of pre-emption enjoyed by the Seller pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage 
Sale Agreement (see "Overview of the Principal Documents – Establishment Deed – Method of Sale of 
Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security"). In respect of any sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and 
the Related Security to third parties, however, the Covered Bond Guarantor will not be permitted to give 
representations, warranties or indemnities in respect of those Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related 
Security (unless expressly permitted to do so by the Security Trustee). There is no assurance that the Seller 
would give any warranties or representations in respect of the Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related 
Security originated by it and sold to the Covered Bond Guarantor. Any Representations or Warranties 
previously given by the Seller in respect of the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio may not have 
value for a third party purchaser if the Seller is then insolvent. Accordingly, there is a risk that the realisable 
value of the Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security could be adversely affected by the lack of 
representations and warranties which in turn could adversely affect the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
New Zealand Housing Market 
BNZ's business includes mortgage lending in New Zealand with loans secured against residential property. A 
fall in property prices resulting from the deterioration in the housing market could result in losses being 
incurred by lenders where the net recovery proceeds are insufficient to redeem the outstanding loan. Any 
deterioration in the quality of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio could have an adverse effect on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor's ability to make payment under the Covered Bond Guarantee. There can be no assurance that the 
housing market will not deteriorate.  
The current New Zealand economic environment may affect the rate at which the Seller originates new 
Mortgage Loans and may also affect the level of attrition of the Seller's existing Borrowers, which could in 
turn adversely affect the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
Geographic concentration of the Mortgage Loans 
To the extent that specific geographic regions have experienced or may experience in the future weaker 
regional economic conditions and housing markets than other regions, a concentration of the Mortgage Loans 
in such a region may be expected to exacerbate all of the risks relating to the Mortgage Loans described in this 
section. The Covered Bond Guarantor can predict neither when nor where such regional economic declines 
may occur nor to what extent or for how long such conditions may continue but if the timing and payment of

--- Page 52 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
50 
 
 
the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio is adversely affected as described above, the ability of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee could be reduced or delayed. 
Default by Borrowers in paying amounts due on their Mortgage Loans 
Borrowers may default on their obligations due under the Mortgage Loans. Defaults may occur for a variety 
of reasons. The Mortgage Loans are affected by credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. Various factors 
influence mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of 
interest and principal on the Mortgage Loans. These factors include climatic events, geological events, such 
as volcanic or seismic activity, plant or animal diseases or other extrinsic events such as pandemics and 
changes in the national, regional or international economic climate such as: volatility in interest rates; lack of 
liquidity in wholesale funding markets in periods of stressed economic conditions, economic or political crisis; 
illiquidity and downward price pressure; commencement of recession and employment fluctuations; the 
availability of financing; consumer perception as to the continuing availability of credit and price competition 
which may have an adverse impact on delinquency and repossession rates; inflation; yields on alternative 
investments; and political developments and government policies, including changes in tax laws. Other factors 
in Borrowers' individual, personal or financial circumstances may also affect the ability of Borrowers to repay 
the Mortgage Loans. Loss of earnings, illness, divorce and other similar factors may lead to an increase in 
delinquencies by and bankruptcies of Borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability 
of Borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans.  
The rate of prepayments on Mortgage Loans may be increased due to Borrowers refinancing their Mortgage 
Loans and sales of any property charged by a Mortgage (either voluntarily by Borrowers or as a result of 
enforcement action taken), as well as the receipt of proceeds from buildings insurance and life assurance 
policies. The rate of prepayment of Mortgage Loans may also be influenced by the presence or absence of 
early repayment charges. 
In addition, the ability of a Borrower to sell a property charged by a Mortgage which secures a Mortgage Loan 
at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that Mortgage Loan will depend upon a number 
of factors, including the availability of buyers for that property, the value of that property and property values 
and the property market in general at the time of such proposed sale. The downturn in the New Zealand 
economy has had and could continue to have a negative effect on the housing market.  
Further, the mortgage loan market in New Zealand is highly competitive. This competitive environment may 
affect the rate at which the Seller originates new Mortgage Loans and may also affect the repayment rate of 
existing Mortgage Loans. 
If the timing and payment of the Mortgage Loans is adversely affected by any of the risks described above, 
the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee could be 
reduced or delayed. 
The Current Principal Balance of any Defaulted Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio will be given 
a zero weighting for the purposes of any calculation of the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test. 
Value of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio 
The guarantee granted by Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of the Covered Bonds, will, inter alia, be backed 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor’s interest in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio. Since the economic value of the 
Mortgage Loan Portfolio may increase or decrease, the value of the Covered Bond Guarantor’s assets may 
decrease (for example if there is a general decline in property values). Neither the Issuer nor the Covered Bond 
Guarantor makes any representation, warranty or guarantee that the value of a Property will remain at the same 
level as it was on the date of the origination of the related Mortgage Loan or at any other time. The value of 
the Mortgage Loan Portfolio may have been significantly reduced by the overall decline in property values

--- Page 53 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
51 
 
 
experienced by the residential property market in New Zealand and may also be further reduced by any 
additional decline in such property values. This, ultimately, may result in losses to the Covered Bondholders 
if such security is required to be enforced. 
The Servicing Procedures 
Each of the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Portfolio originated by the Seller will have been originated in 
accordance with the Seller's Servicing Procedures applicable at the time of origination. The Seller's Servicing 
Procedures consider a variety of factors such as a potential Borrower's credit history, employment history and 
status and repayment ability, as well as the value of the Property to be mortgaged. In the event of the sale of 
any new Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to the Covered Bond Guarantor, representations and 
warranties will at such time be given by the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Security Trustee 
that those new Mortgage Loans and the Related Security were originated in accordance with the Seller's 
Servicing Procedures then applicable at the time of the origination of such new Mortgage Loans. However, 
the Seller retains the right to revise its Servicing Procedures as determined from time to time. 
If any new Mortgage Loans which have been originated under revised Servicing Procedures are then sold to 
the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement, the characteristics of the 
Mortgage Loan Portfolio could at such time change. This could lead to a delay or reduction in the payments 
received by the Covered Bondholders under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Seller to initially retain legal title to the Mortgages  
Each sale by the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor of the benefit of the Mortgage Loans is an absolute 
assignment of a legal thing in action under section 50 of the Property Law Act 2007 of New Zealand. 
This means that all the rights of the Seller in relation to the Mortgage Loans, all the remedies of the Seller in 
relation to the Mortgage Loans and the power to give a good discharge to the relevant Borrower pass to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor. It is not necessary for notice to be provided to the relevant Borrower before the 
rights, remedies and powers in relation to the Mortgage Loans pass to the Covered Bond Guarantor. However, 
the passing of those rights, remedies and powers is subject to any equities in relation to the Mortgage Loan 
that arise before the relevant Borrower has actual notice of the assignment. Payment by a Borrower to the 
Seller of all or part of the debt under a Mortgage Loan before the Borrower receives actual notice of the 
assignment discharges the liability of the Borrower to the extent of the payment. The registration of a financing 
statement on the PPSR in relation to the transfer of Mortgage Loans under the Mortgage Sale Agreement does 
not constitute notice of the assignment to the relevant Borrowers. 
The transfer of the Mortgages by the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor is an equitable assignment of an 
existing legal interest in land. The Mortgage Sale Agreement does not, without more, convey or transfer to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor the legal title to the Mortgages. The transfer of the legal title to the Mortgages over 
registered land would require the execution of an A&I Form or submission by way of e-dealing to record the 
Covered Bond Guarantor's legal interest in the Mortgage at LINZ. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor will, however, have the right to execute A&I Forms or make a submission by 
way of e-dealing at LINZ to transfer legal title to the Mortgages to the Covered Bond Guarantor and deliver 
notifications to relevant Borrowers notifying such Borrowers of the sale of the Mortgage Loans in the 
Mortgage Loan Portfolio and the Related Security to the Covered Bond Guarantor in the limited circumstances 
described in "Overview of the Principal Documents – Mortgage Sale Agreement –Perfection of title to the 
Mortgage Loans to the Covered Bond Guarantor" and until such right arises the Covered Bond Guarantor will 
not give notice of the sale of the Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to any Borrower or register or 
record its interest in the Mortgages at LINZ or take any other steps to perfect its title to the Mortgages.

--- Page 54 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
52 
 
 
At any time during which the Covered Bond Guarantor does not hold legal title to the Mortgages by registration 
at LINZ or submission of e-dealing or has not provided notification to the relevant Borrower, the following 
risks exist: 
(a) 
first, if the Seller wrongly sells a Mortgage, which has already been sold to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, to another person and that person acted in good faith and did not have notice of the interests 
of the Covered Bond Guarantor in the Mortgage, then such person might obtain good title to the 
Mortgage Loan and the Related Security, free from the interests of the Covered Bond Guarantor. If 
this occurred then the Covered Bond Guarantor would not have good title to the affected Mortgage 
Loan. However, the risk of third party claims obtaining priority to the interests of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor would be likely to be limited to circumstances arising from a breach by the Seller of its 
contractual obligations or fraud, negligence or mistake on the part of the Seller or the Covered Bond 
Guarantor or their respective personnel or agents;  
(b) 
second, until notice of the transfer to the Covered Bond Guarantor has been provided to the relevant 
Borrowers, the rights of the Covered Bond Guarantor may be subject to the rights of the Borrowers 
against the Seller, as applicable, such as rights of set-off, which occur in relation to transactions made 
between Borrowers and the Seller, and the rights of Borrowers to redeem their Mortgages by repaying 
the Mortgage Loans directly to the Seller; and 
(c) 
third, unless the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf, has perfected its title to 
the Mortgages (which it is only entitled to do in certain limited circumstances), the Covered Bond 
Guarantor would not be able to enforce any Borrower's obligations under a Mortgage itself but would 
have to join the Seller as a party to any legal proceedings. 
If the risks described in (a), (b) or (c) above were to occur, then the realisable value of the Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio or any part thereof and/or the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee may be affected. 
Where an entity becomes subject to statutory management, a moratorium will apply, which, among other 
things, prohibits any sale or transfer of property of an entity in statutory management and any person from 
acting as the agent of an entity in statutory management without the consent of the statutory manager. The 
statutory management regimes that are most relevant are the regimes under the BPS Act and the Corporations 
(Investigation and Management) Act 1989 (the CIM Act). The BPS Act provides that nothing in the 
moratorium provisions of the BPS Act or the CIM Act prevents: 
(a) 
the transfer of the legal title to assets in a cover pool from the issuer of covered bonds to a covered 
bond SPV; or  
(b) 
a covered bond SPV from exercising a power of attorney granted by the issuer of covered bonds in 
relation to assets in a cover pool. 
This means that a statutory management of the Seller will not prevent legal title to the Mortgages being 
transferred to the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Covered Bond Guarantor from acting as the Seller's attorney 
under the Seller Power of Attorney for the purposes of transferring the legal title to the Mortgages to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor. 
There is limited recourse to the Seller in respect of a breach of a Representation and Warranty  
The Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee will not undertake any investigations, 
searches or other actions on any Mortgage Loan or the Related Security and will rely instead on the 
Representations and Warranties given in the Mortgage Sale Agreement by the Seller in respect of the Mortgage 
Loans sold by the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor.

--- Page 55 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
53 
 
 
In the event of a material breach of any of the Representations and Warranties made by the Seller or if any of 
the Representations and Warranties proves to be materially untrue, in each case in respect of any Mortgage 
Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and/or the Related Security as at the Transfer Date of that Mortgage Loan 
(having regard to, among other things, whether a loss is likely to be incurred in respect of the Mortgage Loan 
to which the breach relates after taking into account the likelihood of recoverability or otherwise of any sums 
under any applicable Insurance Policies), and further provided that (a) the Covered Bond Guarantor (with the 
consent of the Security Trustee) or the Security Trustee has given the Seller not less than 28 days' notice in 
writing, and (b) such breach or untruth, where capable of remedy, is not remedied to the satisfaction of, or 
waived by, the Covered Bond Guarantor (with the consent of the Security Trustee) or the Security Trustee 
within the 28 day period referred to in (a) (or such longer period as may be agreed), then the Covered Bond 
Guarantor may serve upon the Seller a notice in the form of a Mortgage Loan Repurchase Notice whereupon 
the Covered Bond Guarantor will be required to sell and the Seller will be required to repurchase the relevant 
Mortgage Loan and the Related Security, unless the Related Security also secures another Mortgage Loan in 
the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, together for a repurchase price equal to the Current Principal Balance of the 
Mortgage Loan plus all Accrued Interest and Arrears of Interest and expenses payable as at the date of 
completion. 
There can be no assurance that the Seller, in the future, will have the financial resources to repurchase from 
the Covered Bond Guarantor a Mortgage Loan or Mortgage Loans and the Related Security. However, if the 
Seller does not repurchase those Mortgage Loans and the Related Security which are in material breach of the 
Representations and Warranties then the Current Principal Balance of those Mortgage Loans will be excluded 
from the calculation of the Asset Coverage Test. There is no further recourse to the Seller in respect of a 
material breach of a Representation or Warranty. 
General 
No assurance can be given that additional regulations, laws or guidance from regulatory authorities in New 
Zealand will not arise with regard to the mortgage market in New Zealand generally, the Seller's particular 
sector in that market or specifically in relation to the Seller. Any such action or developments or compliance 
costs may have a material adverse effect on the Mortgage Loans, the Seller, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the 
Issuer and/or the Servicer and their respective businesses and operations. This may adversely affect the ability 
of the Covered Bond Guarantor to dispose of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio or any part thereof in a timely 
manner and/or the realisable value of the Portfolio or any part thereof and accordingly affect the ability of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee when due. 
Implementation of and/or changes to the Basel III framework may affect the capital requirements and/or 
the liquidity associated with a holding of the Covered Bonds for certain investors 
In Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere, there is significant focus on fostering greater financial stability through 
increased regulation of financial institutions, and their corresponding capital and liquidity positions. This has 
resulted in a number of regulatory initiatives which are currently at various stages of implementation and which 
may have an impact on the regulatory position for certain investors in covered bond exposures and/or on the 
incentives for certain investors to hold covered bonds, and may thereby affect the liquidity of such securities. 
Investors in the Covered Bonds are responsible for analysing their own regulatory position and none of the 
Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation to any prospective 
investor or purchaser of the Covered Bonds regarding the treatment of their investment on the date of issuance 
of any Covered Bond or at any time in the future. 
In particular, it should be noted that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the BCBS) approved a 
series of significant changes to the Basel regulatory capital and liquidity framework in 2011 (such changes 
being referred to by the BCBS as Basel III). Basel III provides for a substantial strengthening of existing 
prudential rules, including new requirements intended to reinforce capital standards (with heightened 
requirements for global systemically important banks) and to establish a leverage ratio "back-stop" for

--- Page 56 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
54 
 
 
financial institutions and certain minimum liquidity standards (referred to as the Liquidity Coverage Ratio and 
the Net Stable Funding Ratio). BCBS member countries agreed to implement the initial phase of the Basel III 
reforms from 1 January 2013, and the second phase from 1 January 2022, subject to transitional and phase-in 
arrangements for certain requirements. As implementation of Basel III requires national legislation, the final 
rules and the timetable for its implementation in each jurisdiction, as well as the treatment of covered bonds, 
may be subject to some level of national variation and this may affect the liquidity and/or value of the Covered 
Bonds. It should also be noted that changes to regulatory capital requirements have been made for insurance 
and reinsurance undertakings through participating jurisdiction initiatives, such as the Solvency II framework 
in Europe.  
Prospective investors should therefore consult their own advisors and/or make themselves aware of the 
requirements described above (and any corresponding implementing rules of their regulator), where applicable 
to them, in addition to any other applicable regulatory requirements with respect to their investment in the 
Covered Bonds. No predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or 
otherwise. 
A Covered Bondholder who holds less than the minimum Specified Denomination may not receive a 
definitive Covered Bond in respect of such holding, making such denomination illiquid and difficult to trade 
In relation to any issue of Covered Bonds that have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Covered Bonds may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. In such a case, a Covered Bondholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount 
which (after deducting integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination) is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive 
a definitive Covered Bond in respect of such holding (should definitive Covered Bonds be printed) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Covered Bonds such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. If definitive Covered Bonds are issued, Covered Bondholders should be aware that definitive 
Covered Bonds that have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE COVERED BONDS 
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer will be liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds issued by it. The obligations of 
the Issuer under the Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations, 
ranking pari passu (and in the case of the Covered Bonds, without any preference amongst themselves) and 
(subject to applicable law and any applicable statutory provisions) equally with all other present and future 
direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations (save for any obligations to be preferred by 
law). 
The obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be secured by the 
Security created under the Security Deed. However, the Covered Bond Guarantor will have no obligation to 
pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee until the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default, service by the Bond Trustee on the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor of an Issuer 
Acceleration Notice and service by the Bond Trustee on the Covered Bond Guarantor of a Notice to Pay or, if 
earlier, following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and service by the Bond 
Trustee on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice. The 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default does not constitute a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default. 
However, failure by the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay amounts when Due for Payment under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee would constitute a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default which will entitle the Bond 
Trustee to accelerate the obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds (if they have not already become

--- Page 57 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
55 
 
 
due and payable) and the obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee and 
will entitle the Security Trustee to enforce the Security. 
Further issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme may adversely affect the existing Covered 
Bondholders 
Save in respect of the first issue of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series of Covered Bonds (in which case they will form 
part of such Series) or have different terms from an existing Series of Covered Bonds (in which case they will 
constitute a new Series). 
All Covered Bonds issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each other in all respects (save as set 
out in the Guarantee Priority of Payments) and will share in the security granted by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor under the Security Deed. Prior to the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, if 
an Issuer Event of Default occurs in respect of a particular Series of Covered Bonds then, following the service 
of an Issuer Acceleration Notice on the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered Bonds of all 
Series then outstanding will accelerate at the same time as against the Issuer but will be subject to, and have 
the benefit of, payments made by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee (following 
service of a Notice to Pay). If a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default occurs in respect of a particular 
Series of Covered Bonds, then following the service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice, the 
Covered Bonds of all Series outstanding will accelerate as against the Issuer (if not already accelerated 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service of the Issuer and the Covered Bond 
Guarantor of an Issuer Acceleration Notice) and the obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee will accelerate.  
In order to ensure that any further issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme does not adversely affect the 
existing Covered Bondholders: 
 
BNZ (as Intercompany Loan Provider) will be obliged to make a Term Advance to the Covered 
Bond Guarantor in an amount equal to either (i) the Principal Amount Outstanding on the Issue 
Date of such further issue of Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency of the relevant Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds; or (ii) the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the Principal Amount Outstanding 
on the Issue Date of such further issue of Covered Bonds, and for a matching term. The Covered 
Bond Guarantor will use the proceeds of such Term Advance (if not denominated in NZ Dollars, 
upon exchange into NZ Dollars under the applicable Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap) 
(i) to fund (in whole or in part) the Purchase Price of a New Mortgage Loan Portfolio (consisting 
of Mortgage Loans and the Related Security) purchased from the Seller in accordance with the 
terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement; and/or (ii) to invest in Substitution Assets in an amount 
not exceeding the prescribed limit (as specified in the Establishment Deed) to the extent required 
to meet the Asset Coverage Test and thereafter or otherwise the Covered Bond Guarantor may use 
such proceeds (subject to complying with the Asset Coverage Test) only: 
(a) 
to make a repayment of the Demand Loan, provided that the Calculation Manager has 
determined the outstanding balance of the Demand Loan by calculating the Asset Coverage 
Test as at the Intercompany Loan Drawdown Date having taken into account such repayment 
and the Calculation Manager has confirmed that the Asset Coverage Test will continue to be 
met after giving effect to such repayment; and/or 
(b) 
if an existing Series or Tranche, or part of an existing Series or Tranche, of Covered Bonds is 
being refinanced (by the issue of a further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds to which the 
Term Advance relates), to repay the Term Advance(s) corresponding to the Covered Bonds 
being so refinanced (after exchange into the currency of the Term Advance(s) being repaid, if 
necessary); and/or

--- Page 58 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
56 
 
 
(c) 
to make a deposit of all or part of the proceeds in the GIC Account (including, without 
limitation, to fund the Reserve Fund); 
 
the Asset Coverage Test will be required to be met both before and immediately after any further 
issue of Covered Bonds; and 
 
on or prior to the date of issue of any further Covered Bonds, the Issuer will be obliged to obtain 
written confirmation from each of the Rating Agencies that such further issue would not adversely 
affect the then current ratings of the existing Covered Bonds.  
For further information on Rating Agency confirmations in respect of the Programme see the section of this 
Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors – A Rating Affirmation Notice may not address certain matters that may be 
of relevance to Covered Bondholders" below.  
However, there is no assurance that the issue of a further series of Covered Bonds would not be ultimately 
adverse to the interests of any existing holder of the Covered Bonds, because for instance the level of 
collateralisation in the cover pool is reduced. 
The Seller will, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions (including the criteria for Qualifying Mortgage 
Loans) be permitted to sell further Mortgage Loans to the Covered Bond Guarantor from time to time. 
Security Trustee's powers may affect the interests of the Covered Bondholders 
Except where expressly provided otherwise in the Security Deed, the Security Trustee shall exercise, or refrain 
from exercising, all of its rights, powers, authorities, discretions and remedies under the Security Deed and the 
other Programme Documents, and shall form opinions, and give consents, approvals and waivers under the 
Security Deed and the other Programme Documents, in accordance with the direction or instructions of (for 
so long as there are any Covered Bonds outstanding) the Bond Trustee or (where no Covered Bonds are 
outstanding) the Majority Senior Creditors. If there is at any time a conflict between a duty owed by the 
Security Trustee to the Covered Bondholders and a duty owed by the Security Trustee to any other Secured 
Creditor or class of Secured Creditor, then the Security Trustee shall have regard only to the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders while any of the Covered Bonds remain outstanding and shall not be required to have 
regard to the interests of any other Secured Creditor or any other person or to act upon or comply with any 
direction or request of any other Secured Creditor or any other person while any amount remains owing to any 
Covered Bondholders. 
Where the Security Trustee is required to have regard to the Covered Bondholders (or any Series thereof), it 
shall have regard to the general interests of the Covered Bondholders (or any Series thereof) as a class and 
shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Covered Bondholders 
or Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, 
or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular country, territory or any political 
subdivision thereof and the Security Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Covered Bondholder 
or Couponholder be entitled to claim from, the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, the 
Security Trustee or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of 
any such exercise upon individual Covered Bondholders or Couponholders, except to the extent already 
provided for in Condition 7 (Taxation). 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the Security Trustee is of the 
opinion that the interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any one or more Series could or would be 
materially prejudiced thereby, the Security Trustee may determine that it shall not exercise such power, trust, 
authority or discretion without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution or by 
a direction in writing of such Covered Bondholders of not less than 25 per cent. of the NZ Dollar Equivalent 
of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding, and which

--- Page 59 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
57 
 
 
has not been contradicted by a direction in writing of such Covered Bondholders of an equal or greater NZ 
Dollar Equivalent received by the Security Trustee prior to exercise thereof. 
Extendable obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
If the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Covered Bonds provide that such Covered Bonds are subject to 
an Extended Due for Payment Date (Extendable Maturity Covered Bonds) then (subject to no Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default having occurred) following the failure by the Issuer to pay, in full, the Final 
Redemption Amount of the relevant Series of Extendable Maturity Covered Bonds on their Final Maturity 
Date (subject to applicable grace periods) and if, following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (by no later than the date which falls one Business Day prior to the Extension Determination Date), 
payment of the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the unpaid portion of such Final Redemption Amount 
in respect of the relevant Series of Extendable Maturity Covered Bonds are not paid in full by no later than the 
Extension Determination Date, then the payment of such Guaranteed Amounts shall be automatically deferred 
to the Extended Due for Payment Date for the relevant Series of Extendable Maturity Covered Bonds. The 
Issuer is not required to notify Covered Bondholders of such deferral.  
To the extent that the Covered Bond Guarantor has received a Notice to Pay in sufficient time and has sufficient 
moneys available to pay in whole or in part the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the relevant unpaid 
portion of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Series of Extendable Maturity Covered 
Bonds, the Covered Bond Guarantor will be required to make such payment in accordance with the Guarantee 
Priority of Payments and as described in Condition 6(a) (Final redemption) on any Interest Payment Date 
(from, and including, subject to applicable grace periods, the Final Maturity Date for such Covered Bonds) up 
to and including the relevant Extended Due for Payment Date. Payment of the unpaid amount shall be deferred 
automatically until the applicable Extended Due for Payment Date. The Extended Due for Payment Date of 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Interest will continue to 
accrue and be payable on the unpaid amount in accordance with Condition 4 (Interest) and the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will pay Guaranteed Amounts constituting Scheduled Interest on each Original Due for Payment 
Date and the Extended Due for Payment Date. In these circumstances, except where the Covered Bond 
Guarantor has failed to apply money in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments, failure by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to make payment in respect of the Final Redemption Amount on the Final Maturity 
Date (or such later date within any applicable grace period) shall not constitute a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Event of Default. However, failure by the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay Guaranteed Amounts corresponding 
to the Final Redemption Amount or the balance thereof, as the case may be, on the Extended Due for Payment 
Date and/or pay Guaranteed Amounts constituting Scheduled Interest on any Original Due for Payment Date 
up to and including the Extended Due for Payment Date will (subject to any applicable grace period) be a 
Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default. 
The Final Maturity Dates for different Series of Covered Bonds may not be the same. In the case of a Series 
of Extendable Maturity Covered Bonds, if the principal amounts have not been repaid in full by the Extension 
Determination Date, then the repayment of unpaid principal amounts shall be deferred until the Extended Due 
for Payment Date. This means that a Series of Covered Bonds having an earlier Final Maturity Date than such 
Extended Due for Payment Date may start receiving principal repayments in advance of the Series of 
Extendable Maturity Covered Bonds in respect of which unpaid principal amounts have been deferred until 
such Extended Due for Payment Date. 
The Extended Due for Payment Dates for different Series of Extendable Maturity Covered Bonds may not be 
the same. On each Trust Payment Date following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor 
(but prior to the service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice and/or the commencement of 
winding-up proceedings against the Trust and/or the realisation of the Security), the Covered Bond Guarantor 
will apply Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts in accordance with the Guarantee 
Priority of Payments. To the extent that the amount available for distribution under the Guarantee Priority of 
Payments would be insufficient to pay the Scheduled Interest, the Scheduled Principal or the Final Redemption

--- Page 60 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
58 
 
 
Amount of any Series of Covered Bonds to which an Extended Due for Payment Date applies, the shortfall 
will be divided amongst all such Series of Covered Bonds on a pro rata and pari passu basis. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor will be entitled to apply principal collections it receives in respect of the 
Mortgage Loans together with the principal proceeds of the sale of any Substitution Assets it holds in order to 
repay earlier maturing Series of Covered Bonds, which may mean that there may be fewer assets available to 
support later maturing Series of Covered Bonds. 
Liquidity in the secondary market may adversely affect the market value of the Covered Bonds 
There is, at present, a limited active and liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds, but there can be no 
assurance that a secondary market for the Covered Bonds will continue to develop or develop at any specific 
rate. The Covered Bonds have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or any other 
applicable securities laws and are subject to certain restrictions on the resale and other transfer thereof as set 
forth under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". If a secondary market does develop, 
it may not continue for the life of the Covered Bonds or it may not provide Covered Bondholders with liquidity 
of investment with the result that a Covered Bondholder may not be able to find a buyer to buy its Covered 
Bonds readily or at prices that will enable the Covered Bondholder to realise a desired yield. Consequently, a 
Covered Bondholder must be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in a Covered Bond for an 
indefinite period of time.  
Credit ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds may change and may not reflect all risks associated with an 
investment in the Covered Bonds 
The ratings assigned to a Series of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme by Fitch address the 
likelihood of full and timely payment to Covered Bondholders of all payments of interest on each Interest 
Payment Date and the Final Maturity Date and the likelihood of ultimate payment of principal on the Final 
Maturity Date. The rating assigned to the Covered Bonds by Moody's address the probability of default, the 
loss given by default and the expected loss posed to potential investors. 
The expected ratings of a Series of the Covered Bonds will be set out in the relevant Final Terms for such 
Series of Covered Bonds. In addition, the Final Terms will specify which Rating Agencies are giving a credit 
rating to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. A relevant Series of Covered Bonds may be rated by one or 
more Rating Agencies as set out therein. However, Covered Bondholders should be aware that any issuance 
of Covered Bonds will, subject to the comments made below in "Risk Factors - A Rating Affirmation Notice 
may not address certain matters that may be of relevance to Covered Bondholders", be subject to written 
confirmation from each Rating Agency that such issuance will not adversely affect the then current ratings of 
the existing Covered Bonds. Any Rating Agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole 
judgment of the Rating Agency, the credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined or is in question. In the 
event that a rating assigned to the Covered Bonds or BNZ is subsequently lowered or withdrawn or qualified 
for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit enhancement with 
respect to the Covered Bonds, the Issuer may be adversely affected, the market value of the Covered Bonds is 
likely to be adversely affected and the ability of the Issuer to make payment under the Covered Bonds may be 
adversely affected.  
In addition, at any time any Rating Agency may revise its relevant rating methodology with the result that, 
amongst other things, any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds may be lowered. If any rating assigned to the 
Covered Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Covered Bonds may be reduced. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such general restriction will

--- Page 61 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
59 
 
 
also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the 
relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country 
credit rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances). If the status of the rating agency rating the Covered Bonds changes, European 
regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Covered Bonds 
may have a different regulatory treatment.  This may result in European regulated investors selling the Covered 
Bonds which may impact the value of the Covered Bonds in any secondary market. The list of registered and 
certified 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
ESMA 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant credit rating agency included in such list, as there may 
be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant credit rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list.   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period 
of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-
2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. Certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings referred to in this Prospectus, is set out in "General Description of the Programme – 
Ratings" of this Prospectus. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or 
withdrawal at any time (including as a result of changes to rating methodologies). A credit rating may not 
reflect the potential impact of all of the risks related to the structure, market, additional factors discussed above 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. A downgrade in the rating of BNZ may have 
a negative impact on the ratings of the Covered Bonds. 
A Rating Affirmation Notice may not address certain matters that may be of relevance to Covered 
Bondholders 
Each Series of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, be rated "Aaa" by Moody's and "AAA" by Fitch. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning Rating Agency. 
The terms of certain of the Programme Documents provide that, if certain events or circumstances occur, the 
Seller must deliver a Rating Affirmation Notice to the Covered Bond Guarantor (and copied to the Trust 
Manager and each Rating Agency) confirming that it has notified each Rating Agency of the events or 
circumstances and that the Seller is satisfied, for the purposes of the Programme Documents, following 
discussions with each Rating Agency, that the events or circumstances, as applicable will not result in a 
reduction, qualification or withdrawal of the ratings then assigned by such Rating Agency and if a Rating 
Agency confirmation is required for the purposes of the Programme Documents (a Rating Affirmation 
Notice) and the Rating Agency does not consider such confirmation necessary the Seller shall be entitled to 
assume that the then current rating of the Covered Bonds from that Rating Agency will not be downgraded or 
withdrawn by such Rating Agency as a result of such event or circumstance.

--- Page 62 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
60 
 
 
Any Rating Affirmation Notice, if given, will be given on the basis of the facts and circumstances prevailing 
at the relevant time, and in the context of cumulative changes to the transaction of which the securities form 
part since the issuance closing date. A Rating Affirmation Notice is given on the basis that it will not be 
construed as advice for the benefit of any parties to the transaction. 
If a Rating Agency does not respond to a written request for a confirmation or affirmation such non response 
shall not be interpreted to mean that such Rating Agency has given any deemed confirmation or affirmation 
of rating or other response in respect of such action or step.  
By acquiring the Covered Bonds, investors will be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, a credit rating is an assessment of credit and does not address other matters that 
may be of relevance to Covered Bondholders, including, without limitation, in the case of a Rating Affirmation 
Notice, whether any action proposed to be taken by the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Seller, the 
Servicer, the Trust Manager, the Calculation Manager, the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee or any other 
party to a Programme Document is either (i) permitted by the terms of the relevant Programme Document, or 
(ii) in the best interests of, or not materially prejudicial to, some or all of the Covered Bondholders. In being 
entitled to have regard to the fact that a Rating Agency has confirmed that the then current ratings of the 
Covered Bonds would not be adversely affected or withdrawn, each of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee and the Secured Creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) is 
deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that the above does not impose or extend any actual or contingent 
liability on a Rating Agency to the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee, 
the Secured Creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) or any other person or create any legal relations 
between the Rating Agencies and the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, the Security 
Trustee, the Secured Creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) or any other person whether by way of 
contract or otherwise. 
The fact that a Rating Agency has not advised that the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds would not be 
adversely affected or withdrawn does not impose or extend any actual or contingent liability on such Rating 
Agency to the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee, the Secured 
Creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) or any other person or create any legal relations between such 
Rating Agency and the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee, the 
Secured Creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) or any other person whether by way of contract or 
otherwise. 
Any such confirmation, affirmation or response by a Rating Agency may be given or not given at the sole 
discretion of such Rating Agency. It should be noted that, depending on the timing of delivery of the request 
and any information needed to be provided as part of any such request, it may be the case that a Rating Agency 
cannot provide a confirmation, affirmation or response in the time available or at all, and the Rating Agency 
will not be responsible for the consequences thereof. Such confirmation, affirmation or response if given, will 
be given on the basis of the facts and circumstances prevailing at the relevant time, and in the context of 
cumulative changes to the transaction of which the securities form part since the issuance closing date. A 
Rating Affirmation Notice represents only a restatement of the opinions given, and is given on the basis that 
it will not be construed as advice for the benefit of any parties to the transaction. The Covered Bonds may not 
be a suitable investment for all investors.  
Covered Bonds that are not in physical form are subject to certain risks 
 
Unless the Bearer Global Covered Bonds or the Registered Global Covered Bonds are exchanged for Bearer 
Definitive Covered Bonds or Registered Definitive Covered Bonds, respectively, which exchange will only 
occur in the limited circumstances set out under “Form of the Covered Bonds – Bearer Covered Bonds” and 
“Form of the Covered Bonds – Registered Covered Bonds” below, the beneficial ownership of the Covered 
Bonds will be recorded in book-entry form only with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any NZ Registered Covered Bonds issued by BNZ will not be recorded in book-entry

--- Page 63 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
61 
 
 
form with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The fact that the Covered Bonds are not represented in 
physical form could, among other things: 
 
result in payment delays on the Covered Bonds because distributions on the Covered Bonds will 
be sent by or on behalf of the Issuer to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC instead of 
directly to Covered Bondholders; 
 
make it difficult for Covered Bondholders to pledge the Covered Bonds as security if Covered 
Bonds in physical form are required or necessary for such purposes; and 
 
hinder the ability of Covered Bondholders to resell the Covered Bonds because some investors may 
be unwilling to buy Covered Bonds that are not in physical form. 
Mortgage Loans regulated by the Credit Contracts Act 1981, the Credit Contracts and Consumer Finance 
Act 2003 and the Fair Trading Act 1986 
The Credit Contracts Act 1981 of New Zealand (CCA) and the Credit Contracts and Consumer Finance Act 
2003 of New Zealand (CCCFA) impose requirements on Mortgage Loans which are regulated credit contracts. 
Certain provisions of the Fair Trading Act 1986 of New Zealand (FTA) can also affect the Mortgage Loans. 
Each Mortgage Loan is a credit contract regulated by the CCCFA or the CCA. The CCCFA applies to all credit 
contracts entered into from 1 April 2005, and the CCA applies to all credit contracts entered into prior to 1 
April 2005 unless an election has been made for the CCCFA to apply to the relevant credit contract.  
Both the CCA and the CCCFA set out specific requirements for certain credit contracts in relation to required 
initial and ongoing disclosure, fees and terms provided by the credit contracts and the exercise of powers by 
the creditor under the credit contracts. Where a credit contract is entered into between a natural person and a 
creditor in the business of providing credit, and in the case of the CCCFA the contract is entered into wholly 
or predominantly for personal, domestic or household purposes, the contract is a "controlled credit contract" 
under the CCA or a "consumer credit contract" under the CCCFA. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement the Seller has represented and warranted that each 
Mortgage Loan and its Related Security complies with the relevant requirements for controlled credit contracts 
and consumer credit contracts in the CCA and the CCCFA at the time when each such Mortgage Loan and its 
Related Security is sold to the Covered Bond Guarantor (to the extent that those statutes are applicable to the 
Mortgage Loan and the Related Security) (or to the extent of any non-compliance, such non-compliance would 
not affect the enforceability of the Mortgage Loan and the Related Security). In the event of a material breach 
of this representation and warranty, or if the representation and warranty proves to be materially untrue, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor may require the Seller to repurchase the relevant Mortgage Loan and the Related 
Security (unless the Related Security also secures another Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio) in 
accordance with the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement.

--- Page 64 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
62 
 
 
Reopening oppressive credit contracts 
Part 1 of the CCA and part 5 of the CCCFA set out provisions for reopening oppressive credit contracts. The 
relevant provisions give a court power to reopen a credit contract where the court considers that the contract 
is oppressive, a party to the contract has exercised a power conferred by the contract in an oppressive manner 
or a party to the contract has induced the other party to enter into the credit contract by oppressive means. In 
this context, "oppressive" means harsh, unjustly burdensome, unconscionable or in contravention of reasonable 
standards of commercial practice. Where a court reopens a credit contract it has a wide discretion to make the 
orders it thinks necessary to remedy the matters that caused the contract to be reopened. Orders can include 
ordering a party to transfer property or pay a sum the court thinks fit to any other party, altering obligations 
under the contract, ordering compliance with or performance of obligations under the contract, setting aside 
the contract or terms of the contract, ordering a party to indemnify another party and ordering a party to refrain 
from doing any act or thing in relation to any other party. 
Variations to agreements regulated by the CCA & CCCFA 
Variation of controlled credit contracts is regulated under the CCA and variation of consumer credit contracts 
is regulated under the CCCFA. 
Under the CCA, an agreement for variation of a controlled credit contract must be disclosed to every debtor 
(and guarantor) under the controlled credit contract not later than 15 working days after the contract for the 
variation is entered into. The provisions relating to disclosure of variations under the CCA do not apply where 
the creditor has exercised a power or made a determination under the credit contract, or released security, 
reduced amounts outstanding, altered the cost of credit, the period of the contract or altered the number, 
frequency or amounts of payments under the contract.  
Under the CCCFA, the parties may enter into an agreement to change the consumer credit contract. In those 
circumstances disclosure of the variation must be made to the relevant debtor before the change takes effect. 
However, if the change reduces the debtor's obligations, extends the time for payment, releases any security 
or changes any credit limit under a consumer credit contract, disclosure may instead be made either within five 
working days of the day on which the change takes effect or, if the creditor is required to make continuing 
disclosure, at the same time as the creditor provides the debtor with the next continuing disclosure statement 
after the change takes effect. Where the creditor exercises a power under the contract to make changes in 
relation to the interest rates, payments (including amounts, time for payments, frequency or method of 
calculating payments), fees or charges under the contract, or the credit limit under the contract, disclosure to 
the debtor must be made within five working days of the change taking effect, unless the change reduces the 
obligations of the debtor or extends time for payment, in which case disclosure may be made within five 
working days of the change taking effect (or if applicable, in the next continuing disclosure statement). 
Ability to charge and recover fees on the Mortgage Loans 
The CCCFA prohibits consumer credit contracts from providing for credit fees or default fees which are 
unreasonable. A court has the power to reduce or annul fees under a consumer credit contract if it is satisfied 
that those fees are unreasonable. "Credit fees" means fees or charges payable by the debtor under the credit 
contract, or payable by the debtor to, or for the benefit of the creditor in connection with the credit contract, 
other than interest charges, charges for optional services, default fees or default interest charges, government 
charges, duties, taxes or levies, fees and charges passed on by the creditor to an unassociated third party, and 
cancellation charges under a layby agreement referred to in section 36F of the FTA. Establishment fees, 
prepayment fees and insurance premiums payable for credit-related insurance in some cases are credit fees. 
In determining whether an establishment fee is unreasonable the court must have regard to whether the fee is 
equal to or less than the reasonable costs of the creditor in connection with the application for credit, processing

--- Page 65 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
63 
 
 
and considering the application, documenting the contract and advancing the credit, or whether those costs are 
equal to or less than the creditor's average reasonable costs for that category of credit contract.  
Prepayment fees will only be unreasonable where they exceed a reasonable estimate of the creditor's loss from 
the part or full prepayment of the contract. A formula for calculating reasonable credit fees on full prepayment 
is prescribed by regulations. Creditors can use the prescribed formula or may use another appropriate formula 
set out in the relevant consumer credit contract. Where the creditor uses the prescribed formula to calculate 
the fee on full prepayment, the fee will be treated by a court as a reasonable estimate of the creditor's loss.  
In determining whether other fees are unreasonable, the court must have regard to whether the fee reasonably 
compensates the creditor for any costs incurred by the creditor. In determining whether the fee reasonably 
compensates the creditor for any costs, the court must have regard to reasonable standards of commercial 
practice. 
Lender responsibility principles 
Every lender must comply with the "lender responsibility principles". The lender responsibility principles set 
out lenders' responsibilities to borrowers and guarantors and generally require lenders to exercise the care, 
diligence and skill of a responsible lender when advertising, before agreeing to provide credit or taking 
guarantees, and in all subsequent dealings with borrowers and guarantors. The lender responsibility principles 
impose obligations on the lender to make reasonable inquiries before entering into an agreement, assist 
borrowers to make informed decisions, treat borrowers and their property reasonably and in an ethical manner, 
comply with all of their other legal obligations to borrowers (including those relating to unfair contract terms 
under the FTA described below), ensure that the relevant credit contract is not oppressive and that the lender 
does not deal with borrowers and guarantors by oppressive means.  
Enforceability 
A breach of the obligation to register as a financial service provider under the Financial Service Providers 
(Registration and Dispute Resolution) Act 2008 of New Zealand or non-compliance with certain provisions of 
the CCCFA can affect the enforceability of credit contracts and, in some circumstances, the ability of the 
lender to recover costs of borrowing and other fees in relation to the credit contracts.  
Fair Trading Act 1986  
Each Mortgage Loan is a "standard form consumer contract" for the purposes of the FTA. For standard form 
consumer contracts entered into, varied or renewed after 17 March 2015, the Commerce Commission may 
apply to a court for a declaration that a term in a standard form consumer contract is an "unfair contract term". 
If the court makes such a declaration, a person must not include, apply, enforce, or rely on, the unfair contract 
term in a standard form contract. A term in a standard form consumer contract will be unfair for the purposes 
of the FTA if the court is satisfied that the term would cause a significant imbalance in the parties' rights and 
obligations, is not reasonably necessary in order to protect the legitimate interests of the party who would be 
advantaged by the term, and would cause detriment to a party if it were applied, enforced, or relied upon. 
Banking Ombudsman Scheme 
BNZ is a participating bank under the Banking Ombudsman scheme which provides a free dispute resolution 
service for persons who want to resolve a complaint about a particular bank and who have not been able to 
resolve it by contacting that bank. Under the Banking Ombudsman Terms of Reference, the Banking 
Ombudsman may consider complaints relating to activities and transactions not exceeding the financial limit 
under its jurisdiction and facilitate the satisfaction of such claims having regard to what, in the Banking 
Ombudsman's opinion, would be fair in all the circumstances of the case, any applicable rule of law or relevant 
judicial authority, any relevant code of practice, and general principles of good banking practice. Subject to

--- Page 66 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
64 
 
 
certain exceptions, including where claims exceed the financial limit, relate to the bank's commercial 
judgement or interest rate policies or where the Banking Ombudsman considers that the case would be more 
appropriately dealt with by a court, the Banking Ombudsman has the power to consider complaints in respect 
of participating banks. Complaints to the Banking Ombudsman must first have had a reasonable opportunity 
to be considered by the internal complaint procedures of the relevant bank in circumstances where a deadlock 
in relation to the complaint has been reached. The Banking Ombudsman may order a money award to a 
Borrower, which may adversely affect the value at which the Mortgage Loans could be realised and 
accordingly the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
and may have an adverse effect on BNZ and its businesses and operations. 
Restrictions On Transfer 
The Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. 
Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to or for the benefit of U.S. persons 
unless such securities are registered under the U.S. Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act.  
No sale, assignment, participation, pledge or transfer of a Covered Bond or any interest therein may be made 
unless made in compliance with the transfer and selling restrictions set forth under "Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions" below.  
Withholding tax obligations 
The Covered Bonds may be subject to withholding taxes and in the circumstances where the Issuer is not 
obliged to make gross up payments, this would result in the Covered Bondholders receiving less interest than 
expected and could significantly adversely affect their return on the Covered Bonds. 
Changes of law and/or regulatory, accounting and/or administrative practices 
The structure of the issue of the Covered Bonds and the ratings which are to be assigned to them are based on 
New Zealand law, regulatory, accounting and administrative practice in effect as at the date of this Prospectus 
and having due regard to the expected tax treatment of all relevant entities under New Zealand tax law and the 
published practice of the New Zealand Inland Revenue Department in force or applied in New Zealand as at 
the date of this Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to New Zealand 
law, regulatory, accounting or administrative practice in New Zealand or to New Zealand tax law, or the 
interpretation or administration thereof, or to the published practice of the New Zealand Inland Revenue 
Department as applied in New Zealand after the date of this Prospectus, nor can any assurance be given as to 
whether any such change would adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered 
Bonds or the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
when due. 
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF COVERED 
BONDS 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds, Zero Coupon Covered Bonds (or a combination of 
any of the foregoing) may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered Bonds may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most 
common such features: 
Covered Bonds are subject to optional redemption by the Issuer, which may limit their market value 
If an Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may elect to redeem all or some of the 
Covered Bonds at the Optional Redemption Amount (specified in the applicable Final Terms) plus Accrued

--- Page 67 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
65 
 
 
Interest. An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit the market value of such Covered 
Bonds. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those 
Covered Bonds generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also 
may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments that are likely to be available at that time. 
The value of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds. 
If the Covered Bonds include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Covered Bonds concerned 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Covered Bonds as the change of interest basis may 
result in a lower return to Covered Bondholders. Where the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate 
in such circumstances, the spread on the Covered Bonds may be less favourable than the prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at 
any time may be lower than the rates on other Covered Bonds. Where the Issuer converts from a floating rate 
to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than the then prevailing market rates. 
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Covered Bonds referencing 
such benchmarks 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including, amongst others, SONIA, 
EURIBOR, BBSW and BKBM, each as defined herein) are the subject of ongoing national and international 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are 
still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have 
a material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds referencing such a “benchmark”. 
In Australia, examples of reforms that are already effective include changes to the methodology for calculation 
of the BBSW, and amendments to the Corporations Act made by the Treasury Laws Amendment (2017 
Measures No. 5) Act 2018 of Australia which, among other things, enable ASIC to make rules relating to the 
generation and administration of financial benchmarks.  On 6 June 2018, ASIC designated BBSW as a 
“significant financial benchmark” and made the ASIC Financial Benchmark (Administration) Rules 2018 and 
the ASIC Financial Benchmarks (Compelled) Rules 2018. On 27 June 2019, ASIC granted ASX Benchmarks 
Pty Limited a licence to administer BBSW from 1 July 2019.  
In Europe, the EU Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 
and has applied from 1 January 2018. The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It (i) requires, among 
other things, the benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject 
to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised

--- Page 68 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
66 
 
 
entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
In the UK, Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation), among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a 
benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
In New Zealand, the Financial Markets (Derivatives Margin and Benchmarking) Reform Amendment Act 
2019 (FMRA Act) was enacted in August 2019. The provisions of the FMRA Act relating to financial 
benchmarks came into effect on 14 March 2021, amending the FMC Act to establish a new licensing regime 
for administrators of financial benchmarks. These amendments aim to ensure that New Zealand's regulatory 
regime for financial benchmarks (including the New Zealand Bank Bill Reference Rate (BKBM)) meets the 
equivalence requirements for the purposes of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Regulations setting out further 
detail of licence obligations came into force on 15 March 2021. 
These reforms (including the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable) could have a material impact on any Covered Bonds referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole 
or in part) upon, a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “relevant benchmark” 
are changed in order to comply with the requirements imposed thereunder. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level 
of the relevant benchmark.  
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the 
euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR, BBSW, BKBM, SONIA, 
SOFR or any other benchmark will continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR, 
BBSW, BKBM, SONIA, SOFR or any other such benchmark to perform differently than they have done in 
the past, and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. The transition from the London inter-
bank offered rate (LIBOR) to SONIA or SOFR, as applicable, from EURIBOR to €STR, or from the inter 
bank offered rate (IBOR) for any other currency to a new risk free rate, or the elimination of EURIBOR, 
BBSW, BKBM, SONIA, SOFR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require an adjustment to the Conditions of the Covered Bonds, or result in other 
consequences, in respect of any Covered Bonds referencing such benchmark. Such factors may have (without 
limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks:  (i) discouraging market participants from continuing 
to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the 
benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark.  Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to, referencing, 
or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. In addition, if the benchmarks are 
discontinued there can be no assurance that the applicable fall-back provisions under the Swap Agreements 
would operate to allow the transactions under the Swap Agreements to effectively mitigate interest rate risk in 
respect of the Covered Bonds. It should also be noted that broadly divergent interest rate calculation

--- Page 69 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
67 
 
 
methodologies may develop and apply as between the Covered Bonds and/or the Swap Agreements due to 
applicable fall-back provisions or other matters. The consequences of this are uncertain but could include a 
reduction in the amounts available to the Issuer to meet its payment obligations in respect of the Covered 
Bonds. 
For instance, SOFR is a relatively new rate, and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the New York 
Federal Reserve) (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may make methodological or other changes that 
could change the value of SOFR, including changes related to the method by which SOFR is calculated, 
eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing related to the publication of 
SOFR (which may include withdrawing, suspending or discontinuing the calculation or dissemination of 
SOFR). The New York Federal Reserve may make any or all of these changes in its sole discretion and without 
notice, and it has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of the Covered Bonds in calculating, 
withdrawing, modifying, amending, suspending or discontinuing SOFR. In respect of any SOFR-referenced 
Covered Bonds for which the Rate of Interest is determined by reference to the SOFR Index, the SOFR Index 
may be modified or discontinued and such SOFR-referenced Covered Bonds may bear interest by reference to 
a rate other than compounded SOFR, which could adversely affect the value of any such SOFR-referenced 
Covered Bonds. The SOFR Index is published by the New York Federal Reserve based on data received by it 
from sources other than the Issuer, and the Issuer has no control over the methods of calculation, publication 
schedule, rate revision practices or availability of the SOFR Index at any time. In addition, the New York 
Federal Reserve may withdraw, modify or amend the published SOFR Index or SOFR data in its sole discretion 
and without notice. The interest rate for any interest period will not be adjusted for any modifications or 
amendments to the SOFR Index or SOFR data that the New York Federal Reserve may publish after the interest 
rate for that interest period has been determined. 
Similarly, SONIA is a relatively new rate, and the Bank of England (or a successor), as administrator of 
SONIA, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SONIA, including changes 
related to the method by which SONIA is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to 
calculate SONIA, or timing related to the publication of SONIA. If the manner in which SONIA is calculated 
is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the relevant Covered 
Bonds, which may adversely affect the trading prices of such Covered Bonds. The administrator of SONIA 
may withdraw, modify, amend, suspend or discontinue the calculation or dissemination of SONIA, 
respectively, in its sole discretion and without notice and has no obligation to consider the interests of holders 
of the Floating Rate Covered Bonds in calculating, withdrawing, modifying, amending, suspending or 
discontinuing SONIA. 
Further, although the provisions of the Conditions of the Covered Bonds for determining the Rate of Interest 
by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index are based upon the guidance published by the Bank of England 
for calculating compounded SONIA rates by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index, there can be no 
assurance that the Bank of England’s methodology for determining the SONIA Compounded Index, or its 
guidance for calculating compounded SONIA rates by reference to such index, will not change over time. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Covered Bonds linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any 
of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark discontinuation or 
benchmark replacement provisions of the Covered Bonds in making any investment decision with respect to 
any Covered Bonds referencing a benchmark.  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return

--- Page 70 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
68 
 
 
on any Covered Bonds linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a 
benchmark 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation or any of the 
international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark discontinuation or benchmark 
replacement provisions of the Covered Bonds in making any investment decision with respect to any Covered 
Bonds referencing a benchmark.  
The Conditions of certain Floating Rate Covered Bonds provide for fallback arrangements that may not 
operate as intended or may result in a Rate of Interest on such Covered Bonds that would be less than the 
original Reference Rate 
Investors should be aware that in the case of certain Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, including 
an inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or another relevant reference rate (such as BBSW) ceases to 
exist or be published or another Benchmark Event or (where the original benchmark is SOFR) Benchmark 
Transition Event (each as defined in the Conditions of the Covered Bonds) occurs. Where the original 
benchmark is other than SOFR, these fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest 
could be determined by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate and that an Adjustment Spread 
may be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate as a result of the replacement of the relevant 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be), together with the making of certain Benchmark Amendments to the Conditions of such 
Covered Bonds without the consent of the Covered Bondholders,  as further described under Condition 4(d)(iii) 
“Benchmark Discontinuation – Benchmark Amendments” of the Conditions of the Covered Bonds, which in 
the case of any Alternative Rate, any Adjustment Spread (unless formally recommended or provided for) and 
any Benchmark Amendments shall be determined by the Issuer (acting in good faith and by reference to such 
sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser). An Adjustment 
Spread that is applied could be positive, negative or zero and may not be effective in reducing or eliminating 
any economic prejudice to investors arising out of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). Where the original benchmark is SOFR, these 
fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be determined by reference to a 
Benchmark Replacement, together with the making of certain Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
to the Conditions of the Covered Bonds (without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, as further described under Condition 4(d)(iii) of the Conditions of the Covered Bonds). The 
Rate of Interest on the Covered Bonds may therefore cease to be determined by reference to the original 
Reference Rate, and instead be determined by reference to the Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Benchmark 
Replacement, as applicable, even if the original Reference Rate continues to be published. Such Rate of Interest 
may be lower than that which would result from the original Reference Rate for so long as the original reference 
rate continues to be published, and the value of and return on the Covered Bonds may be adversely affected. 
The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) or 
a Benchmark Replacement (including with the application of Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes) 
will still result in any Covered Bonds referencing an original benchmark performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the original benchmark were to continue to 
apply in its current form. 
Where the original benchmark is SOFR, the Benchmark Replacement provisions in the Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds specify a "waterfall" of alternative rates that may become the Benchmark Replacement. These 
alternative rates are uncertain and no market convention currently exists, or may ever exist, for their 
determination. For example, the ISDA Fallback Rate, which is the rate referenced in the ISDA Definitions that 
is to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor, has not been established as of the date hereof. Even after the ISDA Fallback Rate is initially 
determined, ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Fallback Rate may change over time. Uncertainty surrounding

--- Page 71 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
69 
 
 
the establishment of market conventions related to the calculation of the ISDA Fallback Rate and other 
alternative rates, and whether any of the alternative rates is a suitable replacement or successor for the original 
Reference Rate, may adversely affect the value of and return on Covered Bonds referencing SOFR as the 
original Reference Rate. 
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular Interest 
Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in 
the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate which was last 
observed on the Relevant Screen Page or the initial Rate of Interest applicable to such Covered Bonds on the 
Interest Commencement Date. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate, any determinations that may need to be made by the Issuer and the involvement of 
any Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as expected or as intended at the 
relevant time.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of and return on any 
such Covered Bonds. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or 
existence of any relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount 
payable under, such Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates, 
and such risk-free rates differ from term rates such as LIBOR and EURIBOR in a number of material 
respects 
Interest on Covered Bonds may be determined by reference to a risk-free rate, such as SONIA or SOFR. 
SONIA and SOFR, whether determined on a compounded daily basis or as a weighted average for a specified 
period, which differ from term rates such as LIBOR, EURIBOR and any other IBOR in a number of material 
respects, including (without limitation) that SONIA and SOFR are backwards-looking, risk-free overnight 
rates, whereas such term rates are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element 
based on inter-bank lending. While forward-looking term rates based on certain risk-free rates have been or 
are being developed, it is uncertain whether the capital markets will move to referencing those term rates for 
public bond issues, or whether regulators would be content to allow such adoption. As such, investors should 
be aware that risk-free rates such as SONIA and SOFR may behave materially differently as interest reference 
rates, in contrast to any IBOR, for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The use of SONIA and SOFR, 
whether on a compounded daily or a weighted average basis, as a reference rate for bonds is nascent, and is 
subject to change and development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development 
and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of debt securities referencing SONIA or 
SOFR.  
Prospective investors in any Covered Bonds referencing SONIA or SOFR should further be aware that the 
market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference rates in the capital markets and their 
adoption as an alternative to Sterling and U.S. dollar LIBOR, respectively. For example, in the context of 
backwards-looking SOFR and SONIA rates, market participants and relevant working groups have explored 
different methodologies, such as daily compounding rates and weighted average rates, and forward-looking 
‘term’ SOFR and SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an 
average SOFR and SONIA rate over a designated term) have also been, or are being, developed. The adoption 
of SOFR and SONIA may also see component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring 
from LIBOR or another reference rate to SONIA. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions as applicable to Covered Bonds referencing SONIA or SOFR, as the case 
may be, that are issued under this Prospectus. In addition, the methodology for determining any overnight rate 
index by reference to which the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Covered Bonds may be calculated could

--- Page 72 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
70 
 
 
change during the life of any Covered Bonds. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Covered Bonds 
referencing SONIA and/or SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with 
any previous SONIA- or SOFR-referenced Covered Bonds issued by it under the Programme. The nascent 
development of SONIA and SOFR as interest reference rates for the bond markets, as well as continued 
development of SONIA- and SOFR-based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting 
such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price 
of any SONIA- or SOFR-referenced Covered Bonds issued under the Programme from time to time. 
The manner of adoption or application of SONIA- and SOFR-based rates in one market may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of SONIA- and SOFR-based rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets, including the manner of adoption or application by the Issuer. Investors should 
carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA and SOFR reference rates across these 
markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection 
with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Covered Bonds referencing SONIA or SOFR. If the market adopts 
a different calculation method, that would likely adversely affect the market value of such SONIA-or SOFR-
referenced Covered Bonds. 
Also, since SOFR is a relatively new market index, Covered Bonds linked to SOFR may have no established 
trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. 
Market terms for debt securities indexed to SOFR, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate 
provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of any Covered Bonds linked to SOFR may be lower than 
those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Further, if SOFR does not prove to be widely used in 
securities like the Covered Bonds, the trading price of such Covered Bonds linked to SOFR may be lower than 
those of Covered Bonds linked to indices that are more widely used. The SOFR-referenced Covered Bonds 
may not be able to be sold or may not be able to be sold at prices that will provide a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk. 
SOFR and the SOFR Index may be modified or discontinued by their administrator, which could adversely 
affect the value of any SOFR-referenced Covered Bonds 
The New York Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that the New York Federal Reserve 
may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR 
and/or the SOFR Index (as defined in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)) at any time without notice. Because SOFR and 
the SOFR Index are published by the New York Federal Reserve based on data received from other sources, 
the Issuers have no control over its determination, calculation or publication. The New York Federal Reserve 
has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of the Covered Bonds in calculating, adjusting, converting, 
revising or discontinuing SOFR or the SOFR Index.  
There can be no guarantee that SOFR and/or the SOFR Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered 
in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in relevant Covered Bonds linked to SOFR. 
If the manner in which SOFR and/or the SOFR Index are calculated is changed, such change may result in a 
reduction in the amount of interest payable on the SOFR-referenced Covered Bonds and the trading prices of 
such Covered Bonds. The Rate of Interest for SOFR-referenced Covered Bonds for any Interest Period will 
not be adjusted for any modifications or amendments to SOFR or the SOFR Index that the New York Federal 
Reserve may publish after the Rate of Interest for that Interest Period has been determined. 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such Covered Bonds. 
Historical levels of SOFR are not an indication of its future levels and SOFR may be more volatile than other 
benchmarks or market rates

--- Page 73 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
71 
 
 
The New York Federal Reserve began to publish SOFR in April 2018, and it therefore has a relatively limited 
history. While some pre-publication hypothetical performance data has been published by the New York 
Federal Reserve, such data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Hypothetical or 
historical performance data and trends are not indicative of, and have no bearing on, the potential performance 
of SOFR and therefore investors should not rely on any such data or trends as an indicator of future 
performance. 
Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily 
changes in other benchmark or market rates, such as U.S. dollar LIBOR. Although changes in compounded 
SOFR generally are not expected to be as volatile as changes in daily levels of SOFR, the return on and value 
of SOFR-referenced Covered Bonds may fluctuate more than floating rate securities that are linked to less 
volatile rates. In addition, the volatility of SOFR has reflected the underlying volatility of the overnight U.S. 
Treasury repo market. The New York Federal Reserve has at times conducted operations in the overnight U.S. 
Treasury repo market in order to help maintain the federal funds rate within a target range. There can be no 
assurance that the New York Federal Reserve will continue to conduct such operations in the future, and the 
duration and extent of any such operations is inherently uncertain. The effect of any such operations, or of the 
cessation of such operations to the extent they are commenced, is uncertain and could be materially adverse to 
investors in SOFR-referenced Covered Bonds. The future performance of SOFR is impossible to predict, and 
therefore no future performance of SOFR should be inferred from any hypothetical or historical data or trends. 
The rate of interest on Covered Bonds which reference SONIA or SOFR will be capable of being determined 
only near the end of the relevant Interest Period  
The Rate of Interest on Covered Bonds which reference SONIA or SOFR is only capable of being determined 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Covered Bonds 
which reference SONIA or SOFR to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Covered Bonds, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Covered Bonds without changes 
to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Covered Bonds. Because 
of the delay between the final day on which SONIA or SOFR, as applicable, is observed in connection with 
any interest determination and the related Interest Payment Date, increases in the level of SONIA or SOFR, as 
the case may be, which occur during such period will not be reflected in the interest payable on such Interest 
Payment Date, and any such increase will (if "Lag", "Lookback" or "Observation Shift" is specified as being 
the "Observation Method" in the applicable Final Terms) instead be reflected in the following Interest Period. 
Further, in contrast to IBOR-based Covered Bonds, if Covered Bonds referencing SONIA or SOFR become 
due and payable as a result of an event of default under Condition 9, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date 
which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final rate of interest payable in respect of such Covered Bonds shall 
only be determined immediately prior to the date on which the Covered Bonds become due and payable and 
shall not be reset thereafter.  
The market value of Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium may fluctuate more than 
the market value of conventional interest-bearing securities 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) or 
premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
The Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee may agree to modifications to the Programme Documents 
without the Covered Bondholders' or other Secured Creditors' prior consent 
Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the Bond Trust Deed, the Bond Trustee may without the consent or 
sanction of any of the Covered Bondholders of any Series, the related Couponholders and without the consent

--- Page 74 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
72 
 
 
of the other Secured Creditors at any time and from time to time concur (or direct the Security Trustee to 
concur) with the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor and any other party in making any modification to 
the Covered Bonds of one or more Series, the related Coupons or to the Programme Documents (a)  if in the 
opinion of the Bond Trustee such modification will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders of any Series (provided such modification does not relate to a Series Reserved Matter), (b) which 
in the opinion of the Bond Trustee is of a formal, minor or technical nature, or in the opinion of the Bond 
Trustee is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law (regardless of 
whether any such modification relates to a Series Reserved Matter), or (c) which is made to enable Covered 
Bondholders and Secured Creditors to obtain the protection and/or other benefits of any legislation or 
regulations or any directive of any regulatory body including, without limitation, the RBNZ that are introduced 
in New Zealand for the purpose of regulating covered bonds provided that the Bond Trustee is of the opinion 
that such modification will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any 
Series. 
Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the Security Deed, the Security Trustee may without the consent or 
sanction of any of the Covered Bondholders of any Series, the related Receiptholders and/or the Couponholders 
and without the consent of the other Secured Creditors at any time and from time to time concur with the Issuer 
and the Covered Bond Guarantor (or the Trust Manager on its behalf) and any other party in making any 
modification to the Covered Bonds of one or more Series, the related Receipts and/or Coupons or to any 
Programme Documents if the Security Trustee is so directed by either the Bond Trustee (for so long as there 
are any Covered Bonds outstanding) or the Majority Secured Creditors (where no Covered Bonds are 
outstanding). 
Certain decisions of the Covered Bondholders must be taken at Programme level 
Any Extraordinary Resolution to direct the Bond Trustee to serve an Issuer Acceleration Notice following an 
Issuer Event of Default, to direct the Bond Trustee to serve a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice 
following a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and any direction to the Bond Trustee or Security 
Trustee to take any enforcement action must be passed at a single meeting of the holders of all Covered Bonds 
of all Series then outstanding and therefore the holders of a single Series of Covered Bonds may not be able 
to give any directions to the Bond Trustee or the Security Trustee without the agreement of the holders of other 
outstanding Series of Covered Bonds. 
Neither the Bond Trustee nor the Security Trustee shall be bound to take enforcement proceedings in relation 
to the Bond Trust Deed, the Covered Bonds or the Coupons, the Security or any other Programme Document 
unless the Bond Trustee or Security Trustee, as applicable, shall have been indemnified and/or prefunded 
and/or secured to its satisfaction and provided that neither the Bond Trustee nor the Security Trustee shall be 
bound to take any enforcement proceedings which may, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee or the Security 
Trustee, as applicable, in its absolute discretion, result in the Bond Trustee or the Security Trustee, as 
applicable, failing to receive any payment to which it is or would be entitled. 
Enforceability of Priority of Excluded Swap Termination Payment  
There is some uncertainty as to the validity and/or enforceability of a provision which (based on contractual 
and/or trust principles) subordinates certain payment rights of a creditor to the payment rights of other creditors 
of its counterparty upon the occurrence of insolvency proceedings relating to that creditor (so-called "flip 
clauses"). In particular, recent cases have focused on provisions involving the subordination of a hedging 
counterparty's payment rights in respect of certain termination payments upon the occurrence of insolvency 
proceedings or other default on the part of such counterparty. Such provisions are similar in effect to the terms 
which are included in the Programme Documents (in particular the Establishment Deed and the Security Deed) 
relating to the subordination of Excluded Swap Termination Amounts.

--- Page 75 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
73 
 
 
As the English Supreme Court has held in Belmont Park Investments Pty Limited v BNY Corporate Trustee 
Services Ltd and Lehman Brothers Special Financing Inc [2011] UKSC 38 (the Belmont Decision) that a 
subordination provision as described above is valid under English law, it is likely, based on the principles 
applied in the Belmont Decision, that a New Zealand court would consider such a subordination provision to 
be valid under New Zealand law. 
Contrary to the determination of the English Supreme Court, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern 
District of New York held in 2010 that such a subordination provision is unenforceable under U.S. bankruptcy 
law and that any action to enforce such provision would violate the automatic stay which applies under such 
law in the case of a U.S. bankruptcy of the counterparty.  However, a subsequent 2016 U.S. Bankruptcy Court 
decision held that in certain circumstances flip clauses are protected under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and 
therefore enforceable in bankruptcy. The 2016 decision was affirmed on 14 March 2018 by the U.S. District 
Court for the Southern District of New York, which 2018 decision was further affirmed on 11 August 2020 by 
the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The implications of this conflict remain unresolved. 
If a Swap Provider or a related entity becomes subject to insolvency proceedings in any jurisdiction outside 
England and Wales or New Zealand (including, but not limited to, the U.S.), and it is owed a payment by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, a question arises as to whether the insolvent creditor or any insolvency official 
appointed in respect of that creditor could successfully challenge the validity and/or enforceability of the 
subordination provisions of the relevant Priority of Payments which refer to the ranking of the Swap Providers' 
payment rights in respect of Excluded Swap Termination Amounts. In particular, based on the 2010 decision 
of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court referred to above, there is a risk that such subordination provisions would not be 
upheld under U.S. bankruptcy laws. Such laws may be relevant in certain circumstances with respect to a range 
of entities which may act as Swap Provider, including U.S. established entities and certain non-U.S. established 
entities with assets or operations in the U.S. (although the scope of any such proceedings may be limited if the 
relevant non-U.S. entity is a bank with a licensed branch in a U.S. state). As at the date of this Prospectus, 
BNZ is the only Swap Provider. 
In general, if a subordination provision included in the relevant Programme Documents was successfully 
challenged under the insolvency laws of any relevant jurisdiction outside England and Wales and any relevant 
foreign judgment or order was recognised by the English courts, there can be no assurance that such actions 
would not adversely affect the rights of the Covered Bondholders, the market value of the Covered Bonds 
and/or the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Lastly, given the general relevance of the issues under discussion in the judgments referred to above and that 
the Programme Documents will include terms providing for the subordination of Excluded Swap Termination 
Amounts, there is a risk that the final outcome of the dispute in such judgments (including any recognition 
action by the New Zealand courts) may result in negative rating pressure in respect of the Covered Bonds. If 
any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds is lowered, the market value of the Covered Bonds may reduce. 
If a subordination provision included in the Programme Documents was successfully challenged under the 
insolvency laws of any relevant jurisdiction outside New Zealand, it is not clear whether the relevant foreign 
judgement or order would be recognised by a New Zealand court. A New Zealand court would be unlikely to 
apply a law other than the law of New Zealand to the priority of distribution in respect of Excluded Swap 
Termination Amounts under the Establishment Deed.

--- Page 76 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
74 
 
 
PRINCIPAL CHARACTERISTICS OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following synopsis does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Prospectus. For further information, namely regarding the Asset Coverage Test and the 
Amortisation Test please see "Overview of the Principal Documents".  
 
Issuer: 
Bank of New Zealand: incorporated as a company under the 
Companies Act 1993 of New Zealand (the NZ Companies 
Act) with company number 428849 and having its registered 
office at Level 4, 80 Queen Street, Auckland 1010, New 
Zealand. 
Covered Bond Guarantor: 
CBG Trustee Company Limited, a company incorporated in 
New Zealand with limited liability under registration number 
2467131, having its registered office at Level 16, SAP Tower, 
151 Queen Street, Auckland 1010, New Zealand, as trustee of 
the BNZ Covered Bond Trust. 
Nature of eligible property: 
Residential Mortgage Loans and the Related Security, 
Substitution Assets, and Authorised Investments. 
Location of eligible residential property 
securing Mortgage Loans: 
New Zealand. 
Asset Coverage Test: 
Yes, see "Credit Structure" on page 228. 
Amortisation Test: 
Yes, see "Credit Structure" on page 228. 
Pre-Maturity Test: 
Yes, see "Credit Structure" on page 228. 
Reserve Fund: 
A Reserve Fund to trap a specified amount of Available 
Revenue Receipts will be established if BNZ's short-term, 
unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed obligations fall 
below F1+ by Fitch and P-1 by Moody's. 
Maximum Asset Percentage: 
97%. 
Extendable Maturities: 
Available. 
Hard Bullet Maturities: 
Available. 
Asset Monitor: 
Ernst & Young. 
Asset Segregation from Issuer: 
Yes. 
Terms: 
As set out in the Final Terms for the relevant Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds.  
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made to admit Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme to the Official List and to admit the 
Covered Bonds to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Covered Bonds issued under

--- Page 77 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
75 
 
 
the Programme may be unlisted or may be listed on such other 
or further stock exchanges or regulated or unregulated 
markets, as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Covered Bonds may also be governed by laws other than 
English law. Any NZ Registered Covered Bonds issued by 
BNZ may be unlisted. In each case, Covered Bonds will be 
subject to the provisions of the Programme Documents.

--- Page 78 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
76 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the CSSF shall be 
incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Prospectus:   
(a) 
(i) 
BNZ’s Disclosure Statement for the financial year ended 30 September 2021 in its entirety, 
containing the consolidated audited financial statements of BNZ and its subsidiaries, which is 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and is available via 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10015fc018634d438ea8e6267b561ffed8;   
(ii) 
BNZ’s Disclosure Statement for the financial year ended 30 September 2022 in its entirety, 
containing the consolidated audited financial statements of BNZ and its subsidiaries, which 
is published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and is 
available via https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10cb27dadb4a5a4886a4235a74e8af6c24; and  
(iii) 
BNZ’s Disclosure Statement for the six months ended 31 March 2023 in its entirety, 
containing the consolidated financial statements of BNZ and its subsidiaries, which is 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and is 
available via https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/109a75122005ef4c2aa17a3fdbb08fc5fa; 
(b) 
the constitution of BNZ, which is published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) and is available via 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/101a84168711c44c67bd1df435b80c7c79   
(c) 
(i) 
the audited Financial Statements of the BNZ Covered Bond Trust (including the auditors' 
report and notes thereto), as prepared on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, in its 
capacity as a Trustee of the Trust, for the financial year ended 30 September 2021, which is 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and is 
available via http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10552826ebfbbe4ffb9b657f5e559cb3a3; and  
(ii)  
the audited Financial Statements of the BNZ Covered Bond Trust (including the auditors' 
report and notes thereto), as prepared on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor, in its 
capacity as a Trustee of the Trust, for the financial year ended 30 September 2022, which is 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and is 
available via https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/106db0328b16be451d8d6e9cd6c71f8d47;   
(d) 
BNZ’s Supplemental Information for the financial year ended 30 September 2021 in its entirety, which 
is published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and is available via 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/100c203d6ec2c243d6a1342e6aed3609d7;  
(e) 
BNZ’s Supplemental Information for the financial year ended 30 September 2022 in its entirety, which 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.luxse.comhttp://www.bourse.lu/) 
and 
is 
available 
via 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1058dfe36e0dd74a5d95e0b57f3987963a; and 
(f) 
for the purposes of an issue of Covered Bonds when the first tranche of Covered Bonds which is being 
increased was issued under a Prospectus of an earlier date, the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds set out in the prospectuses dated:  
(i) 
1 
June 
2022 
(on 
pages 
105 
to 
178 
inclusive), 
which 
is 
available 
via 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10be46684fe1c54e24ac8d144abf063d4d;

--- Page 79 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
77 
 
 
(ii) 
25 
May 
2021 
(on 
pages 
102 
to 
174 
inclusive), 
which 
is 
available 
via 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=KHNeR1GbVkOVxz7p+2jOTr2sTfdsbISOCmM7VEcbg2/lVeM7
MK3N7JASk/79lxtCEXYe6AX5DUnZbYFmLRrr1SXyImpP4oErHZK5JctOG2kUTY7XP
264FKG8oJZAQZY4723T+SVlPYgc99ZOgZplC8HcImTptIs3zfsoi1S2TWPb7N8DFzC8u9
RGSgVnJhTc; 
(iii) 
29 
May 
2018 
(on 
pages 
98 
to 
146 
inclusive), 
which 
is 
available 
via 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1026af30ae73e64c57b85b9a69887a780a; and 
(iv) 
26 
May 
2017 
(on 
pages 
95 
to 
143 
inclusive), 
which 
is 
available 
via 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10e02a019665ed42ee9aaa4b712b511310, 
each of which is also published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the applicable Final Terms for a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds will 
indicate the Terms and Conditions applicable to such Series or Tranche and unless otherwise indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions of all Covered Bonds issued after the date 
hereof shall be those set out in full in this Prospectus. The remaining portions of the prospectuses dated 
1 June 2022, 25 May 2021, 29 May 2018 and 26 May 2017 are not relevant for prospective investors. 
Any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus (i) to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement and (ii) to the extent that a later document incorporated by 
reference herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement, in each case, whether expressly, by implication 
or otherwise provided that such modifying or superseding statement is made by way of supplement to the 
Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Documents that are themselves incorporated by reference in any of the documents incorporated by reference 
above shall not be incorporated in, or form part of, this Prospectus. 
For the purposes of the NZ Registered Covered Bonds, the relevant documents incorporated by reference 
described above will be available from the specified offices of the NZ Registrar for the time being at 159 
Hurstmere Road, Takapuna, Auckland 0622, Private Bag 92119, Victoria Street West, Auckland 1142, New 
Zealand. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either (i) not considered by the Issuer to be 
relevant for an investor or (ii) are covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
The documents listed in (c) above contain financial information on the BNZ Covered Bond Trust as described 
in the "Cross-Reference Table" on page 76 below. Other information contained in such documents, but not 
specifically set out in the tables below, is considered as additional information and covered elsewhere in this 
Prospectus.  
Please also note that websites and URLs referred to herein do not form part of this Prospectus and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, to the extent that specific information is available on a website or URL referred to herein, 
the whole content of this website or URL is not incorporated by reference in this Prospectus.

--- Page 80 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
78 
 
 
Cross Reference List  
 
 
Disclosure 
Statement to 
31 March 2023 
Disclosure 
Statement to 
30 September 2022 
Disclosure 
Statement to 
30 September 2021 
BNZ 
 
 
 
BNZ Corporate Information 
Page 2 
Pages 2-5 
Pages 2-5 
Balance Sheet 
Page 5 
Page 10 
Page 10 
Income Statement 
Page 3 
Page 8 
Page 8 
Cash Flow Statement 
Page 6 
Page 11 
Page 11 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 4 
Page 9 
Page 9 
Notes to and Forming Part of the Financial 
Statements 
Pages 7-38 
Pages 12-79 
Pages 12-78 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
N/A 
Pages 80-84 
Pages 79-84 
Independent Auditor’s Review Report 
Pages 39-42  
N/A 
N/A 
 
 
Supplemental Information for 
the financial year ended  
30 September 2022 
Supplemental Information for 
the financial year ended  
30 September 2021 
BNZ  
 
 
Average Balance Sheet and Related Interest 
Pages 3-4 
Pages 3-4 
Summary of Loan Loss Experience 
Pages 9-13 
Pages 9-13 
 
 
Financial Statements to 
30 September 2022 
Financial Statements to 
30 September 2021 
BNZ Covered Bond Trust 
 
 
Balance Sheet 
Page 6 
Page 6 
Income Statement 
Page 4 
Page 4 
Cash Flow Statement 
Page 7 
Page 7 
Statement of Changes in Trust Capital 
Page 5 
Page 5 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages 8-17 
Pages 8-17 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
Appended to Financial 
Statements  
Appended to Financial 
Statements 
 
Credit Ratings 
 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer’s credit rating (long-term / short-term) is as follows:  
 
S&P Global Ratings Australia Pty Ltd: AA- / A-1+; 
 
Moody's Investors Service Pty Limited: A1 / Prime-1; 
 
Fitch Australia Pty Ltd: A+ / F1.

--- Page 81 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
79 
 
 
STRUCTURE OVERVIEW  
The information in this section is an overview of the structure relating to the Programme and does not purport 
to be complete. This Structure Overview must be read as an introduction to this Prospectus and any decision 
to invest in any Covered Bonds should be based on a consideration of this Prospectus as a whole, including 
the documents incorporated herein by reference. Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Prospectus 
shall have the same meanings in this Structure Overview. A glossary of certain defined terms used in this 
document is contained at the end of this Prospectus on page 272. 
The Reserve Bank of New Zealand (Covered Bonds) Amendment Act 2013 came into force on 10 December 
2013 and provides that on and from 10 September 2014 covered bonds may only be issued under registered 
covered bond programmes. The Programme was registered with the RBNZ on 8 August 2014. 
Structure Diagram  
 
 
BNZ 
as Interest Rate  
Swap Provider 
BNZ 
as Covered Bond  
Swap Provider 
CBG Trustee 
Company Limited 
(as trustee of the BNZ 
Covered Bond Trust)  
as Covered Bond  
Guarantor 
BNZ 
as Seller 
BNZ 
as Intercompany  
Loan Provider and  
Demand Loan Provider 
BNZ 
as Issuer 
 
Covered  
Bondholders 
New Zealand 
Permanent 
Trustees Limited 
as Security Trustee 
Mortgage Loans and 
Related Security 
Consideration 
Demand Loan 
Intercompany Loan 
Repayment of Loans 
Security Deed 
Covered 
Bond 
Guarantee 
Covered 
Bonds 
Covered  
Bond 
Proceeds

--- Page 82 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
80 
 
 
Structure Overview 
Programme: Pursuant to the terms of the Programme, the Issuer will issue Covered Bonds to the Covered 
Bondholders on the Issue Date. The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unconditional obligations of the Issuer. 
Intercompany Loan Agreement: Pursuant to the terms of the Intercompany Loan Agreement, BNZ as 
Intercompany Loan Provider will make a Term Advance to the Covered Bond Guarantor in an amount equal 
to either (i) if a Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap is entered into on the relevant Issue Date, the 
Principal Amount Outstanding on the Issue Date of the related Series or, as applicable, Tranche of Covered 
Bonds in the Specified Currency of the related Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds or (ii) if a Forward Starting 
Covered Bond Swap is entered into on the relevant Issue Date, the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the Principal 
Amount Outstanding on the Issue Date of the related Series or, as applicable, Tranche of Covered Bonds, and 
for a matching term. Payments by the Issuer of amounts due under the Covered Bonds will not be conditional 
upon receipt by BNZ of payments from the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the Intercompany Loan 
Agreement. Amounts owed by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Intercompany Loan Agreement will be 
subordinated to amounts owed by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
Covered Bond Guarantee: Pursuant to the terms of the Bond Trust Deed, the Covered Bond Guarantor has 
guaranteed payments of interest and principal under the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer. The Covered 
Bond Guarantor has agreed to pay an amount equal to the Guaranteed Amounts when the same shall become 
Due for Payment but which would otherwise be unpaid by the Issuer. The obligations of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional (following service of a Notice 
to Pay or a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice) and unsubordinated obligations of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, secured as provided in the Security Deed. The Bond Trustee will be required to serve a Notice 
to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default (whereupon the 
Covered Bonds will become immediately due and payable as against the Issuer but not at such time as against 
the Covered Bond Guarantor). 
A Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice may be served by the Bond Trustee on the Issuer and the 
Covered Bond Guarantor following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default. If a 
Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice is served, the Covered Bonds will become immediately due and 
payable (if they have not already become due and payable) and the obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be accelerated and the Security Trustee will be entitled to enforce the 
Security. Payments made by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be made 
subject to, and in accordance with, the Guarantee Priority of Payments or the Post-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments, as applicable. 
The proceeds of Term Advances: The Covered Bond Guarantor will use the proceeds of the Term Advances 
received under the Intercompany Loan Agreement from time to time (if not denominated in NZ Dollars, upon 
exchange into NZ Dollars under the applicable Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap): (i) to fund (in 
whole or part) the Purchase Price of a New Mortgage Loan Portfolio (consisting of Mortgage Loans and the 
Related Security originated by the Seller) from the Seller in accordance with the terms of the Mortgage Sale 
Agreement; and/or (ii) to invest in Substitution Assets in an amount not exceeding the prescribed limit (as 
specified in the Establishment Deed) to the extent required to meet the requirements of the Asset Coverage 
Test; and thereafter or otherwise the Covered Bond Guarantor may use such proceeds (subject to complying 
with the Asset Coverage Test (as described below)): (A) if an existing Series or Tranche or part of an existing 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is being refinanced (by the issue of a further Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds to which the Term Advance relates) to repay the Term Advance(s) corresponding to the Covered Bonds 
being so refinanced (after exchange into the currency of the Term Advance(s) being repaid, if necessary); 
and/or (B) to make a repayment of the Demand Loan, provided that the Calculation Manager has determined 
the outstanding balance of the Demand Loan by calculating the Asset Coverage Test as at the Intercompany

--- Page 83 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
81 
 
 
Loan Drawdown Date having taken into account such repayment and the Calculation Manager has confirmed 
that the Asset Coverage Test will continue to be met after giving effect to such repayment; and/or (C) to make 
a deposit of all or part of the proceeds into the GIC Account (including, without limitation, to fund the Reserve 
Fund to an amount not exceeding the prescribed limit).  
Security: To secure its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Programme Documents to 
which it is a party, the Covered Bond Guarantor has granted security over the Charged Property (which consists 
of the Covered Bond Guarantor's interest in the Mortgage Loans, the Related Security, the Substitution Assets, 
the Authorised Investments, the Programme Documents to which it is a party and the Trust Accounts) in favour 
of the Security Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the other Secured Creditors) pursuant to the Security Deed. 
Cashflows:  
Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments and Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments 
Prior to service of a Notice to Pay and/or service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and/or the realisation of the Security and/or the commencement of winding up 
proceedings against the Trust, the Covered Bond Guarantor will, on each Trust Payment Date: 
(a) 
apply Available Revenue Receipts (i) to pay interest due and payable on the Term Advances and/or 
(ii) to pay interest due and payable on the Demand Loan. However, these payments will only be made 
after payment of certain items ranking higher in the Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments 
(including, but not limited to, certain expenses and amounts due to the Swap Providers, and amounts 
(if any) to be credited to the Reserve Fund; and 
(b) 
apply Available Principal Receipts towards making repayments of such amount of the principal 
outstanding on the Demand Loan that is due and payable to the Demand Loan Provider, but only after 
payment of certain items ranking higher in the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments 
(including, but not limited to, funding any liquidity that may be required in respect of Hard Bullet 
Covered Bonds following any breach of the Pre-Maturity Test and acquiring New Mortgage Loans 
and the Related Security offered by the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor). 
Application of monies following service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice 
At any time after service on the Covered Bond Guarantor of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice (which 
has not been revoked), but prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer 
Acceleration Notice (or, if earlier, the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and service 
of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer and/or the 
commencement of winding up proceedings against the Trust and/or realisation of the Security, all Available 
Revenue Receipts and all Available Principal Receipts will continue to be applied in accordance with the 
applicable Priority of Payments save that, whilst any Covered Bonds remain outstanding, no monies will be 
applied to (i) acquire New Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to ensure compliance with the Asset 
Coverage Test, (ii) repay the amounts due or to become due and payable to the Intercompany Loan Provider 
in respect of each Term Advance, (iii) pay the purchase price for New Mortgage Loans and the Related Security 
sold to the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with clause 4.3 of the Mortgage Sale Agreement (see further 
"Overview of the Principal Documents – Mortgage Sale Agreement –  Sale by the Seller of Mortgage Loans 
and Related Security"), (iv) reimburse the Seller for funding Further Advances and/or Cash Redraws, (v) repay 
the principal amount outstanding on the Demand Loan (or to deposit an amount in the GIC Account that would 
otherwise have been applied in repayment of the Demand Loan), or (vi) pay the subordinated servicing fee 
payable to the Servicer under the Subordinated Servicing Fee Letter, and the remainder (if any) will be 
deposited into the GIC Account and applied as Available Revenue Receipts or Available Principal Receipts, 
as the case may be, on the next succeeding Trust Payment Date.

--- Page 84 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
82 
 
 
Application of monies following service of a Notice to Pay 
Following service on the Covered Bond Guarantor of a Notice to Pay (but prior to a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Event of Default and service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Issuer and/or the realisation of the Security and/or the commencement of winding up 
proceedings against the Trust) the Covered Bond Guarantor will use all monies (other than Third Party 
Amounts) to pay Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds when the same shall become Due for 
Payment, subject to paying certain higher ranking obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor in the Guarantee 
Priority of Payments. In such circumstances, the Intercompany Loan Provider, the Demand Loan Provider and 
the Servicer will only be entitled to receive any remaining income of the Trust after all amounts due under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of the Covered Bonds have been paid in full or have otherwise been 
provided for. 
Acceleration of the Covered Bonds 
Following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Covered Bond 
Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Issuer and/or the realisation of the Security 
and/or the commencement of winding up proceedings against the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered Bonds 
will become immediately due and repayable (if not already due and payable as against the Issuer and the Bond 
Trustee will then have a claim against the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee for an 
amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each Covered Bond together with accrued interest 
and any other amounts due under the Covered Bonds (other than additional amounts payable by the Issuer 
under Condition 7 (Taxation)) and the Security created by the Covered Bond Guarantor over the Charged 
Property will become enforceable (if not already realised). Any moneys received or recovered by the Security 
Trustee following enforcement of the Security created by the Covered Bond Guarantor over the Charged 
Property will be distributed according to the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
Asset Coverage Test: To protect the value of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, the Establishment Deed provides 
that, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, the assets of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor are subject to the Asset Coverage Test. Accordingly, for so long as Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, the Covered Bond Guarantor must ensure that on each Calculation Date, the Adjusted Aggregate 
Mortgage Loan Amount will be in an amount equal to or in excess of the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds from time to time. The Asset Coverage Test will be 
undertaken by the Calculation Manager on each Calculation Date.  
If the Adjusted Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount is less than the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of all Covered Bonds on a Calculation Date and also on the next following 
Calculation Date, the Asset Coverage Test will be breached and the Bond Trustee will serve an Asset Coverage 
Test Breach Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor (subject to the Bond Trustee having actual knowledge or 
express notice of the breach). The Bond Trustee shall be deemed to revoke an Asset Coverage Test Breach 
Notice if, on the next Calculation Date to occur following the service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice, 
the Asset Coverage Test is subsequently satisfied and neither a Notice to Pay nor a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice has been served. If the Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is not revoked on the next 
Calculation Date after service of such Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice an Issuer Event of Default will 
occur. 
Amortisation Test: In addition, on each Calculation Date following service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered 
Bond Guarantor (but prior to enforcement of the Security in accordance with the Security Deed) and, for so 
long as Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Covered Bond Guarantor must ensure that the Amortisation 
Test Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount, as calculated on such Calculation Date, will be in an amount at least 
equal to the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds on 
such Calculation Date. A breach of the Amortisation Test will constitute a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of 
Default and the Bond Trustee shall be entitled (and, in certain circumstances, may be required) to serve a

--- Page 85 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
83 
 
 
Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer declaring the 
Covered Bonds immediately due and repayable and the Security Trustee shall be entitled (and, in certain 
circumstances, may be required) to enforce the Security. 
Pre-Maturity Test: Each Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is subject to a Pre-Maturity Test on each 
Business Day during the Pre-Maturity Test Period prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and/or 
a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default. The Pre-Maturity Test is intended to provide liquidity for such 
Covered Bonds when BNZ's credit ratings fall to a certain level within a specified period prior to the maturity 
of such Covered Bonds. If the Pre-Maturity Test is breached within such specified period and certain actions 
are not taken, an Issuer Event of Default will occur.  
Reserve Fund: If, on a Calculation Date, BNZ’s short-term, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt 
obligations are not rated at least P-1 by Moody’s and F1+ by Fitch the Covered Bond Guarantor is required to 
establish a reserve fund within the GIC Account and to credit, on the next Trust Payment Date, to the Reserve 
Fund the proceeds of Available Revenue Receipts or the remaining proceeds of a Term Advance up to an 
amount equal to (a) the higher of the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the interest (i) that will accrue on each Series of 
Covered Bonds then outstanding from (and including) such Calculation Date to (but excluding) the date falling 
three months after such Calculation Date, and (ii) due for payment on each Series of Covered Bonds from (and 
including) such Calculation Date to (but excluding) the date falling three months after such Calculation Date, 
and (b) an amount equal to one-quarter of the anticipated aggregate annual amount payable in respect of the 
items specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of the Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments. On 7 April 
2020, Fitch downgraded the short-term credit rating of BNZ from "F1+" to "F1". As a result of this a Reserve 
Fund has been established by the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
Demand Loan Agreement: Pursuant to the Demand Loan Agreement, BNZ as Demand Loan Provider will 
make a Demand Loan Facility available to the Covered Bond Guarantor. The Covered Bond Guarantor may 
draw Demand Loan Advances denominated in NZ Dollars from time to time under the Demand Loan Facility. 
The Demand Loan Facility is a revolving credit facility. Demand Loan Advances may be used by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor: (i) as consideration (in whole or in part) for the acquisition of Mortgage Loans and the Related 
Security from the Seller on a Transfer Date; (ii) to repay a Term Advance on the date on which the Series of 
Covered Bonds corresponding to such Term Advance matures; (iii) to prevent or rectify a failure to meet the 
Asset Coverage Test; (iv) to rectify a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test; or (v) to rectify an Interest Rate Shortfall. 
Each Demand Loan Advance will be consolidated to form the Demand Loan. Amounts owed by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor under the Demand Loan Agreement will be subordinated to amounts owed by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Intercompany Loan Agreement in accordance 
with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
Mortgage Sale Agreement: Under the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement, the consideration payable to 
the Seller for the sale of Mortgage Loans and the Related Security originated by the Seller to the Covered 
Bond Guarantor on any Transfer Date will be a cash payment paid by the Covered Bond Guarantor to the 
Seller on the applicable Transfer Date (unless the sale is made pursuant to clause 4.3 of the Mortgage Sale 
Agreement (see further "Overview of the Principal Documents – Mortgage Sale Agreement –  Sale by the 
Seller of Mortgage Loans and Related Security"), in which case the cash payment will be made on the 
immediately following Trust Payment Date). The Seller will, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions 
be permitted to sell Qualifying Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to the Covered Bond Guarantor from 
time to time.  
Servicing Agreement: In its capacity as Servicer, BNZ has entered into the Servicing Agreement with the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and the Security Trustee, pursuant to which the Servicer has agreed to provide 
administrative services in respect of, inter alia, the Mortgage Loans, the Asset Register and the Related 
Security sold by BNZ (in its capacity as Seller) to the Covered Bond Guarantor.

--- Page 86 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
84 
 
 
Dual recourse: Excess Proceeds to be paid to Covered Bond Guarantor: Following the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default, the Bond Trustee may serve an Issuer Acceleration Notice on the Issuer and a Notice to Pay 
on the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
Following service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and a Notice to Pay, any moneys received by the Bond 
Trustee from the Issuer (or any administrator, receiver, receiver and manager, liquidator, statutory manager or 
other similar official appointed in relation to the Issuer) will be paid by the Bond Trustee to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and shall be used by the Covered Bond Guarantor in the same manner as all other monies available 
to it from time to time. 
Following service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered Bond Guarantor will, 
subject to the terms of the Bond Trust Deed, pay or procure to be paid on each Scheduled Payment Date to or 
to the order of the Bond Trustee (for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders) an amount equal to those 
Guaranteed Amounts which shall have become Due for Payment, but which have not been paid by the Issuer.  
Payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be made in accordance 
with the Guarantee Priority of Payments. 
For a more detailed description of the transactions summarised above relating to the Covered Bonds see, 
amongst other relevant sections of this Prospectus, "Programme Overview", “Risk Factors”, “Overview of the 
Principal Documents”, “Credit Structure”, “Cashflows”, “The Mortgage Loan Portfolio” and “Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds”, below.

--- Page 87 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
85 
 
 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons and/or talons 
attached, or registered form, without interest coupons and/or talons attached. Bearer Covered Bonds will be 
issued outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on the exemption from registration provided 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) and Registered Covered Bonds may be issued both 
outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by 
Regulation S and within the United States to, or for the account of or benefit of, qualified institutional buyers 
in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act (Rule 144A) or otherwise in private transactions that are 
exempt from the registration requirements under the Securities Act. 
Bearer Covered Bonds 
Each Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global covered bond 
without interest coupons attached (a Temporary Global Covered Bond) or, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, a permanent global covered bond without interest coupons attached (a Permanent Global 
Covered Bond and, together with the Temporary Global Covered Bonds, the Bearer Global Covered Bonds 
and each a Bearer Global Covered Bond) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Covered Bonds are intended to be issued in new global covered bond (NGCB) 
form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the 
Tranche to a common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) 
and Clearstream Banking SA (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Covered Bonds are not intended to be issued in NGCB form, be delivered on or 
prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Covered Bond is represented by a Temporary Global Covered Bond, payments of principal, 
interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Bearer Covered Bonds due prior to the 
Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Covered Bond 
if the Temporary Global Covered Bond is not intended to be issued in NGCB form) only to the extent that 
certification to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Bearer Covered Bond are not U.S. 
persons for U.S. federal income tax purposes or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the 
certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Covered Bond is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for: (i) interests in a Permanent Global Covered Bond of the same Series; or (ii) for 
Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons 
attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of Bearer Definitive Covered 
Bonds, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder 
of a Temporary Global Covered Bond will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global 
Covered Bond for an interest in a Permanent Global Covered Bond or for Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds is 
improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Covered Bond will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may

--- Page 88 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
86 
 
 
be) of the Permanent Global Covered Bond if the Permanent Global Covered Bond is not intended to be issued 
in NGCB form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds with, where applicable, interest coupons 
and talons attached upon either: (i) not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Covered Bond) 
to the Principal Paying Agent as described therein; or (ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For 
these purposes, Exchange Event means that: (i) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or 
have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available; or (ii) the Issuer has or will become subject 
to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Bearer Covered Bonds represented by the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to the Covered 
Bondholders of each Series of Bearer Global Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 13 if an Exchange 
Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Covered Bond) or the Bond 
Trustee may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event as described in (ii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first 
relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
Bearer Global Covered Bonds and Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds will be issued pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement. 
Bearer Global Bonds and Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds will bear the restrictive legend described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions".  
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Global Covered Bonds and Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds 
which have an original maturity of more than one year and on all interest coupons, talons or receipts relating 
to such Bearer Covered Bonds: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Covered Bonds or interest coupons, talons or receipts, and will not be entitled to 
capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of 
such Bearer Covered Bonds or interest coupons, talons or receipts. 
The exchange of a Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond for Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds upon notice 
from Euroclear and/or Clearstream (acting on the instructions of any holder) or at any time at the request of 
the Issuer should not be expressed to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if the Bearer Covered Bonds 
are issued with a minimum Specified Denomination such as €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount such as €1,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency). Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any 
issue of Covered Bonds which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond 
exchangeable for definitive Bearer Covered Bonds.  
Covered Bonds which are represented by a Bearer Global Covered Bond will only be transferable in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be.

--- Page 89 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
87 
 
 
Registered Covered Bonds 
The Registered Covered Bonds of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be 
sold to non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global covered bond in 
registered form (a Regulation S Global Covered Bond). Prior to expiry of the period that ends 40 days after 
the completion of the distribution of each Tranche of Covered Bonds, as certified by the relevant Dealer (in 
the case of a non-syndicated issue) or the relevant Lead Manager (in the case of a syndicated issue) (the 
Distribution Compliance Period), beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Covered Bond may not be 
offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in Condition 2 
(Transfers of Registered Covered Bonds) and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, and such Regulation S Global Covered Bond will bear a legend regarding such 
restrictions on transfer. 
The Registered Covered Bonds of each Tranche may only be offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. 
persons in private transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act to qualified institutional 
buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A (QIBs). The Registered Covered Bonds of each Tranche sold to 
QIBs will be represented by a global covered bond in registered form (a Rule 144A Global Covered Bond 
and, together with a Regulation S Global Covered Bond, the Registered Global Covered Bonds). 
Registered Global Covered Bonds will either: (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name 
of a nominee of, DTC for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (ii) be deposited with a 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or in the name 
of a nominee of the common safekeeper as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a Regulation 
S Global Covered Bond registered in the name of a nominee of DTC, prior to the end of the Distribution 
Compliance Period applicable to the Covered Bonds represented by such Regulation S Global Covered Bond, 
interests in such Regulation S Global Covered Bond may only be held through the accounts of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds will be entitled or required, as the 
case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of Definitive Covered 
Bonds in fully registered form. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Covered Bonds will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in 
Condition 5(d)) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Covered Bonds. None of the Issuer, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or 
liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial 
ownership interests in the Registered Global Covered Bonds or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds in definitive 
form will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the 
relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 5(d)) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the 
manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, 
for Registered Definitive Covered Bonds without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event. For these purposes. Exchange Event means that: (i) in the case of Covered Bonds 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable 
to continue to act as depository for the Covered Bonds and no alternative clearing system is available or DTC 
has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act; (ii) in the case of Covered Bonds 
registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary or in the name of a nominee of the common

--- Page 90 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
88 
 
 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that 
both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available; or (iii) the Issuer has or will 
become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Covered Bonds represented 
by the Registered Global Covered Bond in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to the Covered 
Bondholders of each Series of Registered Global Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 13 if an 
Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any registered holder of an interest in such Registered 
Global Covered Bond) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Registrar. 
Definitive Rule 144A Covered Bonds will be issued only in minimum denominations of U.S.$100,000 and 
integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof (or the approximate equivalents in the applicable Specified 
Currency). 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Covered Bond may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Covered Bond. No 
beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Covered Bond will be able to transfer such interest, 
except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC and its direct or indirect participants (including, 
if applicable, those of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg), Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in 
each case to the extent applicable. Registered Covered Bonds are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set 
forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions". 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”), the 
Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued which is 
intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN and, where applicable, a CUSIP and CINS number which 
are different from the common code, ISIN, CUSIP and CINS assigned to Covered Bonds of any other Tranche 
of the same Series until at least the expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period applicable to the Covered 
Bonds of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Bond Trustee. 
No Covered Bondholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or the Covered 
Bond Guarantor unless the Bond Trustee or, as the case may be, the Security Trustee, having become so bound 
to proceed, fails or is unable to do so within a reasonable period and the failure or inability shall be continuing. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Covered Bonds may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds, in which case (if the Covered Bonds are intended to be listed) a 
new Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to 
such Covered Bonds.

--- Page 91 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
89 
 
 
Eurosystem eligibility 
The Issuer will notify the ICSDs and the Paying Agents upon issue whether the Covered Bonds are intended, 
or are not intended, to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility and deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and in the case of registered Covered Bonds, registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper). Where the Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper upon issuance, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Covered Bonds are capable of meeting such criteria, the Covered 
Bonds may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Where the Covered Bonds are so 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and in the case of registered Covered Bonds, 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as a common safekeeper) upon issuance or 
otherwise, this does not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at issuance or at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.

--- Page 92 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
90 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS IN RESPECT OF COVERED BONDS TO BE ISSUED UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME BY BNZ WITH A MINIMUM DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST EUR 100,000 (OR 
ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANOTHER CURRENCY) 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms for the purposes of Article 8(2)(a) of the Prospectus Regulation which 
will be completed for each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation 
(where Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MIFID 
II 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)/MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
                                                     
1  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA or UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the item entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors" should be specified to be "Applicable". 
2  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the item 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” should be specified to be “Applicable”

--- Page 93 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
91 
 
 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]3 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018/EUWA] (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a UK distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]4 
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore 
(as modified or amended from time to time, the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined the classification of 
the Covered Bonds as capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in 
the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products)]5 
[Date] 
Bank of New Zealand (the Issuer) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
guaranteed by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
under the NZ $10,000,000,000 
BNZ Covered Bond Programme 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): N7LGVZM7X4UQ66T7LT74 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds (the Conditions) set forth in the Prospectus dated 1 June 2023 [and the supplement to the 
prospectus dated []] ([together,] the Prospectus), which constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus 
                                                     
3 This version of the legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if transaction involves one or more manufacturer(s) subject to MiFID II and if 
following the "ICMA 1" approach. 
4  This version of the legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if transaction involves one or more manufacturer(s) subject to UK MiFIR and 
if following the "ICMA 1" approach. 
5 To amend notification if the Covered Bonds are “capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products” pursuant to Section 
309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received 
the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 94 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
92 
 
 
[as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Prospectus is available on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds (the Conditions) set forth in the prospectus dated [1 June 2022/25 May 2021/29 May 2018/26 
May 2017] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 1 June 2023 [and the supplement 
to the prospectus dated []] ([together,] the Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read 
in conjunction with the Prospectus [and the supplements to the Prospectus] which together constitute a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in order to obtain all the relevant information. The 
Prospectus [and supplement[s] to the Prospectus] and Final Terms are available for viewing on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).] 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
(c) 
Series with which Covered Bonds 
will be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Date on which the Covered Bonds 
will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the Series 
specified above: 
[]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[]  
3. 
Nominal amount of Covered Bonds to be 
issued: 
[] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Covered 
Bonds admitted to trading: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[] (Aggregate Nominal Amount) 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from []] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[]/[[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Covered Bonds in definitive form will be issued with 
a denomination above [€199,000].] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[]

--- Page 95 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
93 
 
 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
Final Maturity Date: 
[]/[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[] 
9. 
Extended Due for Payment Date: 
[/Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[]]/[Not Applicable] 
[If an Extended Due for Payment Date is specified 
and the Final Redemption Amount is not paid in full 
on the Final Maturity Date, payment of the unpaid 
amount will be automatically deferred until the 
Extended Due for Payment Date, provided that any 
amount representing the Final Redemption Amount 
due and remaining unpaid on the Final Maturity Date 
may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment 
Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the 
relevant Extended Due for Payment Date. See 
Condition [6(a)].] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. per annum Fixed Rate]/ 
[[EURIBOR/BBSW/BKBM/HIBOR/CDOR/SIBO
R/NIBOR/Compounded Daily [SONIA/SOFR]] 
[Average [SONIA/SOFR]] +/- [] per cent. per 
annum Floating Rate]/ 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
(N.B. It is expected that BBSW Rate or BKBM Rate 
will only be selected where "BBSW Determination" 
or "BKBM Determination", respectively, are marked 
as "Applicable" below) 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable]/[From, and including the Final 
Maturity Date to, but excluding the Extended Due 
for Payment Date the following Interest Provisions 
apply: []] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] [and] [Issuer Call]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Covered Bonds and Guarantee obtained: 
[] [and [], respectively]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

--- Page 96 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
94 
 
 
14. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly] in arrear]  
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year from (and including) [] up to and 
(including) the [Final Maturity Date]/[Extended Due 
for Payment Date, if applicable], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out below  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] []/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[RBA Bond Basis/Australian Bond Basis]  
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]  
[Actual/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis]  
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[NZ Government Bond Basis]  
(f) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention]/ 
[Following Business Day Convention]/ 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention]/ 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
Interest 
Amounts 
Non-
Adjusted: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Additional Business Centres: 
[]  
(h) 
Determination Date(s): 
[] in each year/[Not Applicable]  
15. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[] in each year from (and including) [] up to (and 
including) the [Final Maturity Date]/[Extended Due 
for Payment Date, if applicable]  subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out below 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention]/ 
[Following Business Day Convention]/ 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention]/ 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[]

--- Page 97 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
95 
 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate/Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
– 
SOFR/Screen 
Rate 
Determination – SONIA/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Principal Paying Agent): 
[] (the Calculation Agent) 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable 
– 
Term 
Rate/Applicable 
– 
SOFR/Applicable – SONIA/[Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate, Relevant 
Time and relevant financial 
centre: 
Reference Rate: [[] month 
[EURIBOR/BBSW/BKBM/HIBOR/CDOR/SIBOR
/NIBOR]] [SONIA][SOFR] 
Relevant Time: []/[Not Applicable] 
(Where (i) Reference Rate is SONIA and Calculation 
Method is not SONIA Index Determination, or (ii) 
Reference Rate is SOFR, Relevant Time will be “Not 
Applicable”) 
Relevant financial centre: 
[Brussels]/[Stockholm]/[Hong 
Kong]/[Toronto]/[Oslo]/ 
[New York]/[Singapore]/[Tokyo]/[Sydney]/ 
[Auckland and Wellington]/[Not Applicable] 
(Where Reference Rate is SONIA or SOFR, 
Relevant Financial Centre will be ‘Not Applicable’) 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] (or any replacement thereto) 
 
SOFR Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph 15(f)(SOFR 
Provisions)) 
(i) 
Calculation 
Method: 
[Compounded Daily SOFR Formula/SOFR Index 
Determination/Average SOFR] 
(ii) 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lookback/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Lookback 
Period 
(p): 
[5/[] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days][Not Applicable]

--- Page 98 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
96 
 
 
(iv) 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5/[] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days][Not Applicable] 
(N.B. When setting the Lookback Period (p) or the 
Observation Shift Period, the practicalities of this 
period should be discussed with the Principal 
Paying Agent or, if applicable, such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
It is anticipated that ‘(p)’ will be no fewer than 5 U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days unless 
otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying Agent 
or, if applicable/required, such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in relation to the relevant issuance) 
(v) 
Relevant Number: 
[[] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days][Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Calculation Method is SOFR 
Index Determination) 
(N.B. When setting the Relevant Number, the 
practicalities of this period should be discussed with 
the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. It is anticipated that the Relevant Number 
will be no fewer than 5 U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days unless otherwise agreed with the 
Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable/required, 
such other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in relation to the relevant issuance) 
 
SONIA Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph 15(f)(SONIA 
Provisions)) 
(i) 
Calculation 
Method: 
[Compounded Daily SONIA Formula/SONIA Index 
Determination/Average SONIA] 
(ii) 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Lag 
Lookback 
Period (p): 
[5/[] London Banking Days][Not Applicable]

--- Page 99 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
97 
 
 
(iv) 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5/[] London Banking Days][Not Applicable] 
(N.B. When setting the Lag Lookback Period (p) or 
the Observation Shift Period, the practicalities of 
this period should be discussed with the Principal 
Paying Agent or, if applicable, such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
It is anticipated that ‘(p)’ will be no fewer than 5 
London Banking Days unless otherwise agreed with 
the 
Principal 
Paying 
Agent 
or, 
if 
applicable/required, such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, in relation 
to the relevant issuance) 
(v) 
Relevant Number: 
[5/[] London Banking Days][Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Calculation Method is SONIA 
Index Determination) 
(N.B. When setting the Relevant Number, the 
practicalities of this period should be discussed with 
the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. It is anticipated that the Relevant Number 
will be no fewer than 5 London Banking Days unless 
otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying Agent 
or, if applicable/required, such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in relation to the relevant issuance) 
(It is anticipated that Screen Rate Determination will 
be used on an issue by issue basis, unless otherwise 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealer or 
the relevant managers on the launch of a particular 
issue.) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this 
is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 100 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
98 
 
 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate 
(N.B. risk-free rates will only be relevant if “2021 
ISDA Definitions” is selected as “Applicable”)) 
 
Reset Date: 
[Condition 4(b)(ii) applies]/[] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If “2006 ISDA Definitions” is “Applicable”, select 
“Not Applicable”. If not applicable in respect of 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph 
15(g)(Compounding)) 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
 
Lookback: [[specify] Applicable Business 
Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[specify] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[[specify]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[specify] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As specified in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[[specify]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
(N.B. When setting the applicable number of days 
with reference to the items above (if applicable), the 
practicalities of such period should be discussed 
with the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, 
such other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. It is anticipated that the Relevant 
Number will be no fewer than five such days unless 
otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying Agent

--- Page 101 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
99 
 
 
or, if applicable/required, such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in relation to the relevant issuance) 
 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[specify] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[specify]/[Not Applicable]] 
(N.B. When setting the applicable number of days 
with reference to the items above (if applicable), the 
practicalities of such period should be discussed 
with the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, 
such other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. It is anticipated that the Relevant 
Number will be no fewer than five such days unless 
otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying Agent 
or, if applicable/required, such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in relation to the relevant issuance) 
(h) 
BBSW Determination: 
(i) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
(ii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Sydney] 
 
[] 
(i) 
BKBM Determination: 
(i) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
(ii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Auckland and Wellington] 
[]

--- Page 102 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
100 
 
 
(j) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(k) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
(m) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
(n) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]  
[Actual/360] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
(o) 
Interest Amounts Non-Adjusted: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]   
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and late 
payment: 
[Conditions 6(f) and 6(i) apply]/[]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[]  
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount  
(c) 
If redeemable in part:  
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]  
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]  
18. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[]

--- Page 103 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
101 
 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix]  
19. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount  
20. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or illegality 
of the Intercompany Loan Agreement or the 
Demand Loan Agreement or on event of 
default: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
21. 
Principal Paying Agent (if not Deutsche 
Bank AG, London Branch): 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
22. 
Any applicable Tax Jurisdiction: 
[]/[Not applicable] 
23. 
(a) 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
[Bearer Covered Bonds: 
[Temporary 
Bearer 
Global 
Covered 
Bond 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global 
Covered Bond which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Covered Bonds [on 60 days’ notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]. The Covered 
Bonds shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depositary or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005.] 
[Temporary 
Bearer 
Global 
Covered 
Bond 
exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds on and 
after the Exchange Date. The Covered Bonds shall 
not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a 
clearing system, a depositary or other institution for 
the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance 
with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 December 
2005.] 
[Permanent 
Bearer 
Global 
Covered 
Bond 
exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds [on 60 
days’ notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]. The Covered Bonds shall not be 
physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing 
system, a depositary or other institution for the 
purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with 
article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005.]]  
 
[Registered Covered Bonds:

--- Page 104 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
102 
 
 
 
Regulation S Global Covered Bond (U.S.$[] 
nominal amount) registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]/Rule 
144A Global Covered Bond (U.S.$[] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC/ a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/Registered 
Global 
Covered Bond (NZ$[] nominal amount) registered 
in the name of a nominee for the depository for 
NZClear exchangeable for Definitive Registered 
Covered Bonds only upon an Exchange Event] 
(b) 
New Global Covered Bond: 
[Yes][No] 
(c) 
Global Covered Bond held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes][No] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment Days: 
[]/[Not Applicable]  
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Bearer Covered Bonds: 
[Yes, as the Covered Bonds have more than 27 
coupon payments, Talons may be required if on 
exchange into definitive form more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made]/[No] 
26. 
Redenomination applicable: 
[Not Applicable]/[The provisions in Condition 5(h) 
apply] 
 
Signed on behalf of Bank of New Zealand: 
By: .......................................................................  
Duly authorised 
By: .......................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 105 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
103 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application [is expected to be]/[has been] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Covered Bonds to 
be admitted to trading [on the Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/] with effect from 
[].][Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be 
listed on the official list of the [Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange][other]] with effect from [        ].] / [Not 
Applicable.] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[]  
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Covered Bonds to be issued [have been][are 
expected to be] rated: 
 
[Fitch: [] ] 
[Moody’s: [] ] 
[The ratings issued by the Rating Agencies have 
been endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd 
and Fitch Ratings Limited, in each case in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.] 
[The ratings issued by the Rating Agencies have 
been endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, in each case in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation.] [Need to 
include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider. Consider including the following (to 
be completed at the time of the relevant issuance): 
[[Fitch Australia Pty Ltd] has, in its [month, year] 
publication “[Fitch Ratings Rating Definitions]”, 
described a credit rating of [‘AAA’] in the following 
terms: 
[“‘AAA’ 
ratings 
denote 
the 
lowest 
expectation of credit risk. They are assigned only in 
cases of exceptionally strong capacity for payment 
of financial commitments. This capacity is highly 
unlikely to be adversely affected by foreseeable 
events. Within rating categories, Fitch may use 
modifiers. The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended 
to a rating to denote relative status within major 
rating categories”.]] [Complete as applicable] 
[[Moody’s Investors Service Pty Ltd] has, in its 
[month, year] publication “[Rating Symbols and

--- Page 106 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
104 
 
 
Definitions]”, described a credit rating of [‘Aaa’] in 
the following terms: [“Obligations rated Aaa are 
judged to be of high quality and are subject to very 
low credit risk … Note: Moody’s appends numerical 
modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating 
classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 
indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end 
of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 
indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 
indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic 
rating category.”.]] [Complete as applicable]. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE  
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged and may in the future engage in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with and may perform other services for the Issuer and/or its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.]/[Not Applicable] 
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[]  
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[]  
(iii) 
CUSIP Code: 
[] 
(iv) 
CINS Code: 
[] 
(v) 
CFI Code: 
[[include code]6, as updated, as set out on]/[See] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(vi) 
FISN: 
[[include code]7, as updated, as set out on]/[See] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(vii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, DTC and NZClear 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
                                                     
6 The actual code should only be included where the issuer is comfortable that it is correct.  
7 The actual code should only be included where the issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 107 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
105 
 
 
(ix) 
Name(s) and address(es) of initial 
Paying Agent(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Name(s) 
and 
address(es) 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[]/[Not Applicable]  
(xi) 
Name(s) 
and 
address(es) 
of 
additional Calculation Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]]; [TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute “packaged” 
products and 
a 
key 
information document will be prepared, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Covered 
Bonds may constitute “packaged” products and no 
key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute “packaged” 
products and 
a 
key 
information document will be prepared, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Covered 
Bonds may constitute “packaged” products and no 
key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Prospectus/[]] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Prospectus – 
if reasons for the offer differ from what is disclosed 
in the Prospectus, give details)  
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[]

--- Page 108 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
106 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds which will be incorporated by reference 
into each Global Covered Bond (as defined below) and each Definitive Covered Bond, in the latter case only 
if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such Definitive Covered Bond 
will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Covered Bond and 
Definitive Covered Bond. 
This Covered Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of Covered Bonds issued by Bank of New Zealand 
(BNZ and the Issuer) constituted by a trust deed (such trust deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the Bond Trust Deed) dated 2 June 2010 (the Programme Date) made between, 
among others, the Issuer, CBG Trustee Company Limited as covered bond guarantor (the Covered Bond 
Guarantor) and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as bond trustee (in such capacity, the Bond Trustee, 
which expression shall include any successor as Bond Trustee). 
Save as provided for in Conditions 9 (Events of Default and Enforcement) and 14 (Meetings of Covered 
Bondholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution), references herein to the Covered Bonds shall be 
references to the Covered Bonds of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a global covered bond (a Global Covered Bond), 
units of the lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Covered Bond; 
(iii) 
any Definitive Covered Bonds in bearer form (Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds) issued in exchange 
for a Global Covered Bond in bearer form; and 
(iv) 
any Definitive Covered Bonds in registered form (Registered Definitive Covered Bonds) (whether 
or not issued in exchange for a Global Covered Bond in registered form). 
The Covered Bonds and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of a principal agency agreement 
(such agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time the Principal 
Agency Agreement) dated the Programme Date and made between, among others, the Issuer, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as issuing and UK paying agent 
(in such capacity, the UK Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor UK paying agent) and 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as Luxembourg paying agent (in such capacity, the Luxembourg Paying 
Agent, which expression shall include any successor Luxembourg Paying Agent) (together with the UK 
Paying Agent and the NZ Paying Agent (as defined below), the Paying Agents, which expression shall include 
any additional or successor paying agents), Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as UK exchange agent (in 
such capacity, the UK Exchange Agent, which expression shall include any additional or successor exchange 
agent) and as UK transfer agent (in such capacity, a UK Transfer Agent), Deutsche Bank, Luxembourg, S.A. 
as Luxembourg registrar (in such capacity, the Luxembourg Registrar, which expression shall include any 
successor registrar and together with the UK Transfer Agent, the UK Transfer Agents, which expression shall 
include any additional or successor transfer agents). 
NZ Registered Covered Bonds (and related Coupons) also have the benefit of a NZ registry and agency 
agreement (such registry and agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the NZ Registry Agreement and, together with the Principal Agency Agreement, the Agency 
Agreements) dated the Programme Date and made between BNZ as Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the 
Security Trustee, the Trust Manager and Computershare Investor Services Limited as NZ registrar (the NZ 
Registrar). Prior to service of a Notice to Pay, BNZ (and any successor paying agent appointed in respect of

--- Page 109 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
107 
 
 
the Trust) shall act as NZ paying agent (in respect of NZ Registered Covered Bonds recorded in NZClear) and 
following service of a Notice to Pay, the NZ Registrar shall act as NZ Paying Agent (in respect of NZ 
Registered Covered Bonds) (NZ Paying Agent). 
As used herein, Agents shall mean each Paying Agent and each Exchange Agent, each Transfer Agent and 
each Registrar, Principal Paying Agent shall mean, in relation to a Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds, the 
UK Paying Agent or, in the case of NZ Registered Covered Bonds, the NZ Paying Agent, or such other paying 
agent as the Final Terms for that Tranche or Series may specify, Registrar shall mean, in relation to a Tranche 
or Series of Covered Bonds (other than NZ Registered Covered Bonds), the Luxembourg Registrar or, in the 
case of NZ Registered Covered Bonds, the NZ Registrar, or such other registrar as the Final Terms for that 
Tranche or Series may specify, Transfer Agent shall mean, in relation to a Tranche or Series of Covered 
Bonds, the UK Transfer Agent or such other transfer agent as the Final Terms for that Tranche or Series may 
specify and Exchange Agent shall mean, in relation to a Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds, the UK 
Exchange Agent or such other exchange agent as the Final Terms for that Tranche or Series may specify. 
Interest-bearing Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of 
Covered Bonds which when issued in definitive form have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons 
for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Covered Bonds 
(which include Registered Global Covered Bonds and/or Registered Definitive Covered Bonds as the case 
may be) and Global Covered Bonds do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Covered Bond (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms attached to or endorsed on this Covered Bond and complete these terms and conditions (the 
Conditions). References to the "applicable Final Terms" are to the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Covered Bond. 
The Bond Trustee acts as trustee for the holders for the time being of the Covered Bonds (the Covered 
Bondholders, which expression shall, in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a Global Covered 
Bond, be construed as provided below) and the holders of the Coupons (the Couponholders, which expression 
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons), and for holders of each other 
Series of Covered Bonds in accordance with the provisions of the Bond Trust Deed. 
As used herein, Tranche means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing or 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Covered Bonds which are: (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series; and (ii) 
identical in all respects (including as to listing or admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, 
Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor has, in the Bond Trust Deed, irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed the 
due and punctual payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds as and when the same 
shall become due for payment on certain dates in accordance with the Bond Trust Deed (Due for Payment), 
but only after service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor following an Issuer Event of Default 
and service by the Bond Trustee of an Issuer Acceleration Notice on the Issuer or the occurrence of Covered 
Bond Guarantor Event of Default and service by the Bond Trustee of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration 
Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
The security for the obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee and the 
other Programme Documents to which it is a party has been created in and pursuant to, and on the terms set 
out in, a security agreement governed by New Zealand law (such security as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Security Deed) dated the Programme Date and made between, among 
others, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee, New Zealand Permanent Trustees Limited 
(the Security Trustee) and certain other Secured Creditors.

--- Page 110 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
108 
 
 
These Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the provisions of the Bond Trust Deed, the Security 
Deed and the Agency Agreements (as applicable). 
Copies of the Bond Trust Deed, the Security Deed, the Definitions Schedule (as defined below), the Agency 
Agreements and each of the other Programme Documents are (i) available for inspection free of charge by 
appointment during normal business hours at the registered office for the time being of the Bond Trustee being 
at the Programme Date at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB and at the 
specified office of each of the UK Paying Agent and the NZ Paying Agent, or (ii) may be provided to a Covered 
Bondholder for inspection by electronic means following their prior written request to the Bond Trustee or the 
UK Paying Agent or the NZ Paying Agent, as the case may be, and provision of proof of holding and identity 
(in a form satisfactory to the Bond Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent, as the case may be). Copies of the 
applicable Final Terms for all Covered Bonds of each Series (including in relation to unlisted Covered Bonds 
of any Series) are obtainable during normal business hours at the specified office of the UK Paying Agent and 
any Covered Bondholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Bond Trustee or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of Covered Bonds and identity. The Covered Bondholders 
and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, are bound by, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of, and definitions contained in, the Bond Trust Deed, the Security Deed, the BNZ Covered Bond 
Trust Definitions Schedule, the relevant Agency Agreements, each of the other Programme Documents and 
the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them and to have notice of each set of Final Terms relating 
to each other Series. 
Except where the context otherwise requires, capitalised terms used and not otherwise defined in these 
Conditions shall bear the meanings given to them in the Bond Trust Deed, the applicable Final Terms and/or 
the BNZ covered bond trust definitions schedule made between the parties to the Programme Documents on 
the Programme Date (as the same may be amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Definitions Schedule), a copy of each of which may be obtained as described above. In the event of 
inconsistency between the Bond Trust Deed and the Definitions Schedule, the Bond Trust Deed will prevail 
and in the event of inconsistency between the Bond Trust Deed and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable 
Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Covered Bonds are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and, in the case of Definitive Covered Bonds (being Bearer Definitive Covered Bond(s) and/or, as the 
context may require, Registered Definitive Covered Bond(s)), serially numbered, in the Specified 
Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Covered Bonds of one Specified Denomination may not 
be exchanged for Covered Bonds of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Covered Bonds may 
not be exchanged for Registered Covered Bonds and vice versa. 
This Covered Bond may be a Fixed Rate Covered Bond, a Floating Rate Covered Bond, a Zero Coupon 
Covered Bond or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in 
the applicable Final Terms, and subject, in each case, to confirmation from the Rating Agencies that 
the then current ratings of any outstanding Series of Covered Bonds will not be adversely affected by 
the issuance of this Covered Bond. 
Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not 
applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Covered Bonds and Coupons will pass by delivery and 
title to the Registered Covered Bonds will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Agency Agreement. The Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Paying 
Agents, the Security Trustee and the Bond Trustee will (except as otherwise required by law) deem

--- Page 111 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
109 
 
 
and treat the bearer of any Bearer Covered Bond or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered 
Covered Bond as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice 
of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in 
the case of any Global Covered Bond, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds is represented by a Global Covered Bond held on behalf of, 
or, as the case may be, registered in the name of a common depositary (in the case of a CGCB) or 
common safekeeper (in the case of a NGCB) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (Clearstream, Luxembourg) or The Depository Trust 
Company (DTC) or registered in the name of New Zealand Central Securities Depository Limited 
(NZCSD) as depository of the NZClear System maintained by the Reserve Bank of New Zealand in 
accordance with the NZClear Regulations (NZClear) (in the case of NZ Registered Covered Bonds) 
each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg DTC or NZClear) who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or NZClear as the holder of 
a particular nominal amount of such Covered Bonds (in which regard any certificate or other document 
issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or NZClear as to the nominal amount of such 
Covered Bonds standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes 
save in the case of manifest error and any such certificate or other document may comprise any form 
of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including, 
without limitation, Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream's Cedcom system) in accordance with its usual 
procedures and in which the holder of a particular nominal amount of the Covered Bonds is clearly 
identified with the amount of such holding) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
the Paying Agents, the Security Trustee and the Bond Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount 
of such Covered Bonds for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest 
or other amounts on such nominal amount of such Covered Bonds, and, in the case of DTC or its 
nominee, voting, giving consents and making requests, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant 
Global Covered Bond or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Covered Bond shall 
be treated by the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, any Paying Agent, the Security Trustee and the 
Bond Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of such Covered Bonds in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Covered Bond and the expression Covered Bondholder 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Covered Bonds which are represented by a Global Covered Bond will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or NZClear as the case may be. 
References to DTC, NZClear, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits (but not in the case of any NGCB), be deemed to include a reference to any additional or 
alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
Transfers of Registered Covered Bonds 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Rule 144A Global Covered Bonds (as defined below) and 
Regulation S Global Covered Bonds (as defined below) (together, the Registered Global Covered 
Bonds) will be effected by DTC, NZClear, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems 
acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a 
Registered Global Covered Bond will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory 
restrictions, be exchangeable for Covered Bonds in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in 
another Registered Global Covered Bond only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable

--- Page 112 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
110 
 
 
Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of DTC 
and its direct and indirect participants (including, if applicable, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg), NZClear, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in 
accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the relevant Agency Agreement. Transfers of a 
Registered Global Covered Bond registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to 
transfers of such Registered Global Covered Bond, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of 
DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor's nominee. 
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form 
Subject as provided in Conditions 2(c), 2(e) and 2(f), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set 
forth in the relevant Agency Agreement, a Registered Covered Bond in definitive form may be 
transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
In order to effect any such transfer: (i) the holder or holders must: (A) surrender the Registered 
Covered Bond for registration of the transfer of the Registered Covered Bond (or the relevant part of 
the Registered Covered Bond) at the specified office of the relevant Registrar or the relevant Transfer 
Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their 
attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing; and (B) complete and deposit such other certifications 
as may be required by the relevant Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent; and 
(ii) the relevant Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and 
careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the 
request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the relevant 
Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 5 to 
the Principal Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the relevant Registrar or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on 
which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Registrar or, 
as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as 
may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and 
deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the 
risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new 
Registered Covered Bond in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered 
Covered Bond (or the relevant part of the Registered Covered Bond) transferred. In the case of the 
transfer of part only of a Registered Covered Bond in definitive form, a new Registered Covered Bond 
in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Covered Bond not transferred will be so 
authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent by uninsured mail to the address 
specified by the transferor. 
(c) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds under Condition 6, the Issuer shall not be 
required to register the transfer of any Registered Covered Bond, or part of a Registered Covered 
Bond, called for partial redemption. 
(d) 
Costs of registration 
Covered Bondholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration 
of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any 
stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration.

--- Page 113 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
111 
 
 
(e) 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Covered Bonds 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or of a 
beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Global Covered Bond to a transferee in the United States or who 
is a U.S. person will only be made upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially 
in the form set out in the Principal Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a Transfer 
Certificate), copies of which are available from the specified office of the Luxembourg Registrar or 
any UK Transfer Agent, from the transferor of the Covered Bond or beneficial interest therein to the 
effect that such transfer is being made to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB 
in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable 
securities laws of any State of the United States or any other jurisdiction. 
In the circumstances set out in this Condition 2(e), such transferee may take delivery through a 
Legended Covered Bond in global or definitive form. Prior to the end of the applicable Distribution 
Compliance Period beneficial interests in Regulation S Global Covered Bonds registered in the name 
of a nominee for DTC may only be held through the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. After expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period: (i) beneficial interests in 
Regulation S Global Covered Bonds registered in the name of a nominee for DTC may be held through 
DTC directly, by a participant in DTC or indirectly through a participant in DTC; and (ii) such 
certification requirements will no longer apply to such transfers. 
(f) 
Transfers of interests in Legended Covered Bonds 
Transfers of Legended Covered Bonds or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(i) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global Covered 
Bond, upon receipt by the Luxembourg Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate 
from the transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation 
S and that, in the case of a Regulation S Global Covered Bond registered in the name of a 
nominee for DTC, if such transfer is being made prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution 
Compliance Period, the interests in the Covered Bonds being transferred will be held 
immediately thereafter through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(ii) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Covered Bond where 
the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without certification; or 
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the 
Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include 
an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities 
laws of any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States 
or any other jurisdiction. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Covered Bonds, or upon specific request for 
removal of the Legend therein, the Luxembourg Registrar shall deliver only Legended Covered Bonds 
or refuse to remove the Legend therein, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer such 
satisfactory evidence as may reasonably be required by the Issuer, which may include an opinion of 
U.S. counsel, that neither the Legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to 
ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act.

--- Page 114 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
112 
 
 
(g) 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
CGCB means a Temporary Global Covered Bond or a Permanent Global Covered Bond, in either 
case in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify that it is not a NGCB; 
Distribution Compliance Period means the period that ends 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering and the Issue Date; 
Legended Covered Bonds means Registered Covered Bonds (whether in definitive form or 
represented by a Registered Global Covered Bond) sold in private transactions to QIBs in accordance 
with the requirements of Rule 144A; 
NGCB means a Temporary Global Covered Bond or a Permanent Global Covered Bond, in either 
case in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify that it is a new global covered bond; 
QIB means a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A; 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
Regulation S Global Covered Bond means a Registered Global Covered Bond representing Covered 
Bonds sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S; 
Rule 144A means Rule 144A under the Securities Act; 
Rule 144A Global Covered Bond means a Registered Global Covered Bond representing Covered 
Bonds sold in the United States to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A; and 
Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
3. 
Status of the Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds and any relative Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference or priority among 
themselves and pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer (other than any obligation preferred by mandatory provisions of applicable law). 
(b) 
Status of the Covered Bond Guarantee 
The payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds when the same shall become 
Due for Payment has been unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
(the Covered Bond Guarantee) as set out in the Bond Trust Deed. However, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor shall have no obligation under the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay any Guaranteed 
Amounts until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, service by the Bond Trustee on the Issuer 
of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and service by the Bond Trustee on the Covered Bond Guarantor of 
a Notice to Pay or, if earlier, following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default 
and service by the Bond Trustee of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice. The obligations 
of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee are (following an Issuer Event of 
Default, service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and service of a Notice to Pay or a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice), direct,

--- Page 115 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
113 
 
 
unconditional (subject as provided in Condition 17 (Limited Recourse, Covered Bond Guarantee and 
non-petition)) and unsubordinated obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor, which are secured as 
provided in the Security Deed. 
Any payment made by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall (unless 
such obligation shall have been discharged as a result of the payment of Excess Proceeds to the Bond 
Trustee pursuant to Condition 9) discharge pro tanto the obligations of the Issuer in respect of such 
payment under the Covered Bonds and Coupons except where such payment has been declared void, 
voidable or otherwise recoverable in whole or in part and recovered from the Bond Trustee or the 
Covered Bondholders. 
4. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest 
payable, subject as provided in these Conditions, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
up to (and including) the Final Maturity Date. If a Notice to Pay is served on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Covered Bond Guarantor shall pay Guaranteed Amounts in equivalent amounts to those 
described in the preceding sentence under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of the Covered 
Bonds on the Original Due for Payment Dates or, if applicable, the Extended Due for Payment Date. 
If the Covered Bonds are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) such date will amount to the fixed coupon amount specified in the Final Terms (the 
Fixed Coupon Amount). Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, amount to the broken amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
Broken Amount) so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Covered Bonds in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds which are (i) represented by a Global Covered Bond 
or (ii) Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of (A) the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds represented by such Global Covered Bond or 
(B) such Registered Covered Bond; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds which are Bearer Covered Bonds in definitive form, 
the Calculation Amount; 
and in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure 
(including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as applicable, to the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds which are Registered Covered 
Bonds in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds which 
are Bearer Covered Bonds in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention.

--- Page 116 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
114 
 
 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Covered Bond which is a Bearer Covered Bond 
in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect 
of such Fixed Rate Covered Bond shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4(a):  
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or  
(B) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and  
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; 
(ii) 
if 30/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
and 
(iii) 
if NZ Government Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
for amounts paid and/or calculated in respect of Interest Payment Dates, one divided 
by the number of Interest Payment Dates in a year; and 
(B) 
for amounts paid and/or calculated in respect of dates other than Interest Payment 
Dates, Actual/Actual (ICMA). 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date).

--- Page 117 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
115 
 
 
Original Due for Payment Date means, in respect of the payment of Guaranteed Amounts, prior to 
the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and following the delivery of a Notice 
to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, the date on which the Scheduled Payment Date in respect of 
such Guaranteed Amounts is reached, or, if later, the day which is two Business Days following service 
of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of such Guaranteed Amounts, or if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that an Extended Due for Payment Date is applicable to the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds, the Scheduled Payment Date that would have applied if the Final Maturity 
Date of such Series of Covered Bonds had been the Extended Due for Payment Date. 
Principal Amount Outstanding means in respect of a Covered Bond on any day the principal amount 
of that Covered Bond on the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal amounts received by the relevant 
Covered Bondholder in respect thereof on or prior to that day. 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, euro 0.01. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear 
on either: 
I. 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
II. 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified 
as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, the 
expression Interest Period shall mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Covered Bonds become payable on a date 
other than the Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
I. 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(i)II above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date: (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the 
relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis; or (ii) in 
the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last

--- Page 118 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
116 
 
 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
II. 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
III. 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
IV. 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means a day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Auckland and Wellington and, if the Covered Bonds are not NZ 
Registered Covered Bonds, in London and any Additional Business Centre specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency  and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively or (2) in relation to any 
Covered Bonds denominated or payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System or any 
successor thereto (the TARGET2 System) is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds will 
be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (ii), ISDA 
Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the relevant Principal Paying Agent or other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest as specified in the applicable Final Terms (and 
references in this Condition 4(b)(ii)(A) to "Principal Paying Agent" shall be construed 
accordingly) or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) or other person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms under an interest rate swap transaction if the relevant Principal 
Paying Agent or Calculation Agent (as applicable) or that other person were acting as 
Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that 
swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA 
Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as

--- Page 119 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
117 
 
 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and 
as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered 
Bonds; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the Applicable Final Terms, 
the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published 
by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds; (together, the 
ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(I) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(II) 
the Designated Maturity (if applicable) is the period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(III) 
the relevant Reset Date is either: (i) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is 
based on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate (EURIBOR), the Hong Kong 
inter-bank offered rate (HIBOR), the Toronto inter-bank offered rate 
(CDOR) or the Australian Bank Bill Swap Rate (BBSW) for a currency, the 
first day of that Interest Period or (ii) if the applicable Floating Rate Option 
is based on the Singapore inter-bank offered rate (SIBOR), the second 
Singapore business day prior to the start of each Interest Period or (iii) if the 
applicable Floating Rate Option is based on the New Zealand Bank Bill 
Reference Rate (BKBM), the first day of that Interest Period or (iv) if the 
applicable Floating Rate Option is based on the Oslo inter-bank offered rate 
(NIBOR), the second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period; or (ii) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(IV) 
if the Floating Rate is an Overnight Floating Option, the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method is one of the following as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(a) 
Compounding with Lookback; 
(b) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
(c) 
Compounding with Lockout; and 
(V) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, the 
Index Method is Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be 
deemed to be references to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (b) Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate Option, Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, Compounding with Lookback, Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift, Compounding with Lockout, Compounded Index 
Floating Rate Option, Index Method and Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions.

--- Page 120 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
118 
 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds referencing a term rate 
(1) Where “Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 4(d) and subject as 
provided below, be either: 
(I) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen 
Page); or 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards or, in the case of NZ Registered Covered 
Bonds only, rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which either (i) in 
the case of NZ Registered Covered Bonds, appears or appear, as the case may be, on 
the Relevant Screen Page as at 10.45 a.m. (Auckland time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the NZ Paying Agent, or (ii) otherwise, appears or appear, as the case may be, on 
the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. Brussels time (in the case of EURIBOR), 
at 11.00 a.m. Hong Kong time (in the case of HIBOR), at 10.15 a.m. Toronto time (in 
the case of CDOR), at 11.00 a.m. Singapore time (in the case of SIBOR), at 12.00 
noon Oslo time (in the case of NIBOR) or (in the case of any other Reference Rate) 
local time in the relevant financial centre specified in the applicable Final Terms) on 
the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the UK Paying Agent or other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest as specified in the applicable Final Terms (and references in this 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(B) to "UK Paying Agent" shall be construed accordingly) or the 
Calculation Agent responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (and references in this Condition 4(b)(ii)(B) to “UK 
Paying Agent” and “relevant Principal Paying Agent” shall be construed accordingly). 
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the relevant Principal Paying Agent 
for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
such offered quotations. 
(2) If, other than in the circumstances described in Condition 4(d) below, the Relevant 
Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(1)(I), no such 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(II), fewer than three 
such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding 
paragraph, the relevant Principal Paying Agent shall request each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the relevant Principal Paying Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 
the time specified in the previous paragraph on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the relevant Principal Paying 
Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being

--- Page 121 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
119 
 
 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the relevant 
Principal Paying Agent.  
(3) If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the relevant Principal Paying Agent with an offered quotation as provided in 
the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be 
the rate per annum which the relevant Principal Paying Agent determines as being the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the rates, as communicated to (and 
at the request of) the relevant Principal Paying Agent by the Reference Banks or any 
two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the time 
specified in the paragraph above on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Hong Kong inter-bank offered rate (if the 
Reference Rate is HIBOR), the Toronto inter-bank offered rate (if the Reference Rate 
is CDOR), the Singapore inter-bank offered rate (if the Reference Rate is SIBOR), 
the Norwegian inter-bank offered rate (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the relevant Principal Paying Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the time 
specified in the previous paragraph on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any 
one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable 
for the purpose) informs (at the request of the Issuer) the relevant Principal Paying 
Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Hong Kong inter-bank offered rate (if the 
Reference Rate is HIBOR), the Toronto inter-bank offered rate (if the Reference Rate 
is CDOR), the Singapore inter-bank offered rate (if the Reference Rate is SIBOR), 
the Norwegian inter-bank offered rate (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(B), 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum 
Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
(4) In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be, if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to 
such Series of Covered Bonds for the first scheduled Interest Period had the Covered 
Bonds been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first scheduled Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (and applying the 
Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest, applicable to the first scheduled Interest Period). 
For the purposes of these Conditions:

--- Page 122 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
120 
 
 
Interest Determination Date shall mean the date specified as such in the Final Terms 
or if none is so specified: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is HIBOR or CDOR, the first day of each Interest 
Period; 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the second day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each Interest Period;  
(iii) 
if the Reference Rate is SIBOR, the second Singapore business day prior to 
the start of each Interest Period;  or 
(iv) 
if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the second Oslo business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period. 
Reference Banks shall mean (i) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market; 
(ii) in the case of a determination of HIBOR, four major banks in the Hong Kong 
inter-bank market; (iii) in the case of a determination of CDOR, four Canadian 
Schedule 1 chartered banks; (iv) in the case of a determination of SIBOR, four major 
banks in the Singapore inter-bank market; and (vi) in the case of a determination of 
NIBOR, four major banks in the Oslo inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Issuer or as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Rate has the meaning given in Condition 4(d)(vii).  
Relevant Financial Centre shall mean Brussels, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, Hong Kong, in the case of a determination of HIBOR, Toronto, in the 
case of a determination of CDOR, Singapore, in the case of a determination of SIBOR 
and Oslo, in the case of a determination of NIBOR or as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Relevant Time shall mean (i) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (ii) in the case of 
HIBOR 11.00 a.m., (iii) in the case of CDOR, 10.15 a.m., (iv) in the case of SIBOR, 
11.00 a.m., and (v) in the case of NIBOR, 12.00 noon, each as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, HIBOR, 
CDOR, SIBOR, NIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, BBSW Rate or BKBM Rate, the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Covered Bonds will be determined as provided in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds referencing SOFR 
(1)  
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SOFR" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Compounded Daily SOFR Formula", the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the Compounded Daily SOFR 
Formula Rate with respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any).

--- Page 123 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
121 
 
 
Compounded Daily SOFR Formula Rate means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in U.S. 
dollars (with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as the reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Principal Paying Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in: 
(a)  
where "Lookback" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
do is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in:  
(a)  
where "Lookback" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in:  
(a)  
where "Lookback" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period;  
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", means the number 
of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; 
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period to (but excluding) 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (I) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (II) if applicable, the

--- Page 124 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
122 
 
 
relevant payment date if the Covered Bonds become due and payable on a 
date other than an Interest Payment Date;  
p means:  
(a)  
where "Lookback" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days included in the "Lookback Period (p)" in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days); or 
(b)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days included in the "Observation Shift Period" 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, 
five U.S. Government Securities Business Days); 
SOFR means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, a 
rate determined in accordance with the following provisions: 
(I) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day  that appears on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website at or about 3.00 p.m. (New York City time) 
on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and 
(II) 
if the rate specified in paragraph (I) above does not so appear, unless 
both a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, then the Principal Paying Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) shall use the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website for the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day on which the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website;  
SOFRi means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i":  
(a)  
where "Lookback" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i"; or 
(b)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, SOFR in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its

--- Page 125 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
123 
 
 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
Certain other capitalised terms used in the foregoing terms and provisions 
relating to determination of the Compounded Daily SOFR Formula Rate have 
the meanings set forth under Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(5) below. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if both a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to determining the Compounded Daily SOFR Formula Rate, the 
benchmark replacement provisions set forth in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(5) below 
shall apply for the purposes of all determinations of the Rate of Interest in 
respect of the Covered Bonds.  
(2) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SOFR" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"SOFR Index Determination", the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be the Compounded SOFR Index Rate with 
respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
Compounded SOFR Index Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment as calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) × 360
𝑑 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which "SOFR IndexStart" is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation 
to which "SOFR IndexEnd" is determined (being the number of calendar days 
in the applicable reference period); 
Relevant Number is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
SOFR IndexEnd means the SOFR Index value relating to the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to (I) the Interest Payment Date 
for the relevant Interest Period or (II) if applicable, the relevant payment date 
if the Covered Bonds become due and payable on a date other than an Interest 
Payment Date;  
SOFR IndexStart means the SOFR Index value relating to the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms 
preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 126 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
124 
 
 
the SOFR Index means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, prior to a Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(I) 
the SOFR Index published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such value appears on the SOFR Administrator’s 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; provided that 
(II) 
if the SOFR IndexStart or the SOFR IndexEnd does not appear on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date and a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have not occurred with respect to the Compounded 
SOFR Index Rate, the Compounded SOFR Index Rate for the 
applicable Interest Period for which such SOFR Index is not available 
shall be the "Compounded Daily SOFR Formula Rate" determined in 
accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(1) above as if the Calculation 
Method specified in the applicable Final Terms were "Compounded 
Daily SOFR Formula" (and not "SOFR Index Determination"), and 
for these purposes: (i) the "Observation Method" shall be deemed to 
be "Observation Shift", and (ii) the "Observation Shift Period" shall 
be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days, as if those alternative elections had been 
made in the applicable Final Terms; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day has the meaning set out in 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(1) above. 
Certain other capitalised terms used in the foregoing terms and provisions 
relating to determination of the Compounded SOFR Index Rate have the 
meanings set forth under Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(5) below. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if both a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to determining the Compounded SOFR Index Rate, the benchmark 
replacement provisions set forth in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(5) below shall apply 
for the purposes of all determinations of the Rate of Interest in respect of the 
Covered Bonds.  
(3) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination - SOFR" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Average SOFR", the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be the Average SOFR Rate with respect to such Interest 
Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any). 
Average SOFR Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, the arithmetic 
mean of SOFR in effect during such Interest Period as calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):

--- Page 127 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
125 
 
 
 
∑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
𝑑
 
where do, i, SOFR, SOFRi, ni and d have the meanings set out in Condition 
4(b)(ii)(C)(1) above. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if both a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to determining the Average SOFR Rate, the benchmark replacement 
provisions set forth in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(5) below shall apply for the 
purposes of all determinations of the Rate of Interest in respect of the Covered 
Bonds. 
(4) 
If the relevant Series of Covered Bonds becomes due and payable in 
accordance with Condition 9, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for 
the period from (and including) the previous Interest Payment Date to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Covered Bonds become so due and payable, 
and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Covered Bonds for so 
long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in Condition 
4(b)(ii)(D)(1) and the Trust Deed. 
(5) 
Notwithstanding any other provisions in these Conditions, if: 
(x) 
the Benchmark is SOFR; and 
(y) 
any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to the Benchmark, 
then the following provisions of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(5) shall apply. 
(I) 
Benchmark Replacement 
If the Issuer or its designee determines prior to the Reference Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the 
then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-
current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Covered Bonds in respect 
of all determinations on such date and all determinations on all subsequent 
dates (subject to any subsequent application of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(5) 
with respect to such Benchmark Replacement). 
In the event that the Issuer or its designee is unable to, or does not, determine 
a Benchmark Replacement, or a Benchmark Replacement is not implemented 
in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(5), prior to 5:00 p.m. (New 
York City time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be: 
(1) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or

--- Page 128 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
126 
 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period); or  
(2) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of 
Covered Bonds for the first scheduled Interest Period had the 
Covered Bonds been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
first scheduled Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date (and applying the Margin and, if 
applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest, applicable to the first scheduled Interest Period). 
(II) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Bond Trustee and 
the Principal Paying Agent of the certificate referred to in Condition 
4(b)(ii)(C)(5)(IV) below and subject as provided below, the Bond Trustee and 
the Agents (as applicable) shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Covered Bondholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders and without liability to the Covered 
Bondholders or any other person, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in 
effecting any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (including, 
inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust 
Deed) with effect from the date specified in the notice referred to in Condition 
4(b)(ii)(C)(5)(IV) below. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(5)(II), 
neither the Bond Trustee nor any Agent (as applicable) shall be obliged to 
concur with the Issuer in respect of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes which, in the sole opinion of the Bond Trustee or the relevant Agent 
(as applicable), would (i) expose the Bond Trustee or the relevant Agent (as 
applicable) to any additional liability or (ii) increase the obligations or duties, 
or decrease the rights or protections, afforded to the Bond Trustee or the 
relevant Agent (as applicable) in the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any supplemental trust deed), the Agency Agreement and/or these 
Conditions. 
(III) 
Decisions and Determinations 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its 
designee pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(5), including (without 
limitation) any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of 
the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any 
decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be 
conclusive and binding absent manifest error, may be made in the Issuer's or 
its designee's sole discretion (as applicable), and, notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in these Conditions or the Trust Deed, shall become effective

--- Page 129 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
127 
 
 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Covered Bondholders, 
Receiptholders, Couponholders or any other party. 
In connection with any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in 
accordance with this Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(5), if and for so long as the 
Covered Bonds are admitted to trading and listed on the official list of a stock 
exchange, the Issuer shall comply with the rules of that stock exchange.  
(IV) 
Notice and Certification 
Any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes determined under this 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(5) shall be notified promptly (in any case, not less than 
five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date) by the 
Issuer to the Bond Trustee, the party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent or other such party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as applicable) and, in accordance with Condition 13, 
the Covered Bondholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the effective date of such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
No later than notifying the Bond Trustee and the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent or such 
other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable) of the same, 
the Issuer shall deliver to each of the Bond Trustee and the Principal Paying 
Agent a certificate (on which each of the Bond Trustee and the Principal 
Paying Agent shall be entitled to rely without further enquiry or liability) 
signed by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the 
Issuer confirming (i) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (ii) the 
Benchmark Replacement, and (iii) the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(5). 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date, any Benchmark Replacement is notified to 
the Principal Paying Agent or any other party specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being responsible for determining the Rate of Interest pursuant to 
this Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(5), and the Principal Paying Agent or such other 
responsible party (as applicable) is in any way uncertain as to the application 
of such Benchmark Replacement in the calculation or determination of any 
Rate of Interest, it shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer or 
its designee shall direct the Principal Paying Agent or such other party (as 
applicable) in writing as to which course of action to adopt in the application 
of such Benchmark Replacement in the determination of such Rate of 
Interest. If the Principal Paying Agent or such other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest is not promptly provided with such direction, it shall notify the Issuer 
thereof, and the Principal Paying Agent or such other party (as applicable) 
shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and 
shall not incur any liability for not doing so. For the avoidance of doubt, for 
the period that the Principal Paying Agent or such other party (as applicable) 
remains uncertain of the application of the Benchmark Replacement in the 
calculation or determination of any Rate of Interest, the original Benchmark 
and any other applicable fallback provisions provided for in this Condition

--- Page 130 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
128 
 
 
4(b) and/or the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, will continue to 
apply. 
(V) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(5): 
Benchmark means, initially, SOFR (provided that if a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) 
or any Benchmark which has replaced it in accordance with this Condition 
4(b)(ii)(C)(5), then the term "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement); 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the sum of: (1) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (2) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) 
the sum of: (1) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (2) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the sum of: (1) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by 
the Issuer or its designee as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate 
of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. 
dollar denominated floating rate covered bonds at such time and (2) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of 
the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(B) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to 
the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method 
for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar denominated 
floating rate covered bonds at such time;

--- Page 131 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
129 
 
 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including changes to the definition of Interest Period, timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its 
designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that adoption of any portion 
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its 
designee determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee 
determines is reasonably necessary); 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
in the case of paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event", the later of (1) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (2) the date on 
which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely 
ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(B) 
in the case of paragraph (C) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event", the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference 
Time for such determination; 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such

--- Page 132 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
130 
 
 
component), which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or 
such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(C) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark  announcing that 
the Benchmark is no longer representative; 
designee means an affiliate or any other agent of the Issuer; 
ISDA Definitions means (i) the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor 
thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor 
definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time, 
or (ii) the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published by 
ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means 
(A) if the Benchmark is SOFR, 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) or such other 
time as is reasonably agreed between the Issuer or its designee and the 
Principal Paying Agent, and (B) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the time 
determined by the Issuer or its designee in accordance with the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes; 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or any successor thereto; 
SOFR with respect to any day means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
published for such day by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website; 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of SOFR); 
SOFR Administrator's Website means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source; and

--- Page 133 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
131 
 
 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds referencing SONIA 
(1)  
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Compounded Daily SONIA Formula", the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the Compounded Daily SONIA 
Formula Rate with respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any).  
Compounded Daily SONIA Formula Rate means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in 
Sterling (with the Sterling Overnight Index Average as the reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Principal Paying Agent (or the 
Calculation Agent responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fourth decimal 
place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards): 
d
n
SONIA
o
d
i
i
pLBD
 - i
365
1
365
1
1



















 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in:  
(a) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
do is the number of London Banking Days in: 
(a) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in: 
(a) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 134 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
132 
 
 
(b) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
ni, for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such London Banking Day "i" up to (but excluding) the 
following London Banking Day; 
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to (I) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period or (II) if applicable, the relevant payment date if the Covered Bonds 
become due and payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date);  
p means: 
(a) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days included in the 
“Lag Lookback Period (p)” in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is so specified, five London Banking Days); or 
(b) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days 
included in the “Observation Shift Period” in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five London Banking 
Days); 
SONIA Reference Rate means, in respect of any London Banking Day a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of 
SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
SONIAi means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i": 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the SONIA reference rate in respect of the London 
Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
London Banking Day "i"; or  
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the SONIA reference rate in respect of the 
relevant London Banking Day "i".  
(2) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being

--- Page 135 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
133 
 
 
"SONIA Index Determination", the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be the SONIA Compounded Index Rate with 
respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
SONIA Compounded Index Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment as calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards): 
(
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) × 365
𝑑 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which "SONIA Compounded IndexStart" is determined to (but excluding) the 
day in relation to which "SONIA Compounded IndexEnd" is determined (being 
the number of calendar days in the applicable reference period); 
London Banking Day has the meaning set out in Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(1) 
above; 
Relevant Number is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
SONIA Compounded IndexEnd means the SONIA Compounded Index 
value relating to the London Banking Day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to (I) the Interest Payment Date for the relevant 
Interest Period or (II) if applicable, the relevant payment date if the Covered 
Bonds become due and payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date;  
SONIA Compounded IndexStart means the SONIA Compounded Index 
value relating to the London Banking Day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period; 
and 
the SONIA Compounded Index means, with respect to any London Banking 
Day, the value of the SONIA compounded index that is provided by the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) in 
respect of such London Banking Day. 
If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index required to determine SONIA 
Compounded IndexStart or SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is not published or 
displayed by the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or other 
information service at the Relevant Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or 
scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing 
operational procedures of the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or

--- Page 136 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
134 
 
 
such other information service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the SONIA Compounded Index Rate for the applicable 
Interest Period for which the SONIA Compounded Index is not available shall 
be the "Compounded Daily SONIA Formula Rate" determined in accordance 
with Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(1) above as if the Calculation Method specified in 
the applicable Final Terms were "Compounded Daily SONIA Formula" (and 
not "SONIA Index Determination"), and for these purposes: (i) the 
"Observation Method" shall be deemed to be "Observation Shift", and (ii) the 
"Observation Shift Period" shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant 
Number of London Banking Days, as if those alternative elections had been 
made in the applicable Final Terms. 
(3) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination - SONIA" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Average SONIA", the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be the Average SONIA Rate with respect to such Interest 
Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any). 
Average SONIA Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
arithmetic mean of the SONIA reference rate in effect during such Interest 
Period as calculated by the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards): 
∑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖×𝑛𝑖
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
𝑑
 
where do, i, SONIA reference rate, SONIAi, ni and d have the meanings set 
out in Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(1) above.  
(2) 
For the purposes of Conditions 4(b)(ii)(D)(1) and 4(b)(ii)(D)(3) above, and, 
subject to Condition 4(d) below, if, in respect of any London Banking Day in 
the relevant Observation Period or the relevant Interest Period, as applicable, 
the UK Paying Agent (or the Calculation Agent responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
determines that the applicable SONIA reference rate has not been made 
available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published 
by the relevant authorised distributors, then the UK Paying Agent (or the 
Calculation Agent responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable) shall determine the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of such London Banking Day as being:  
(I) 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if earlier, close of business) on such 
London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London 
Banking Days in respect of which the SONIA reference rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one

--- Page 137 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
135 
 
 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and the lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(II) 
if the Bank Rate under (I)(i) above is not available at the relevant time, 
either (A) the SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) 
for the first preceding London Banking Day in respect of which the 
SONIA reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (B) if 
this is more recent, the latest rate determined under (I) above, 
and in each case “SONIA reference rate” shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(3) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(A) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or 
(B) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of 
Covered Bonds for the first scheduled Interest Period had the 
Covered Bonds been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first 
scheduled Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (and applying the Margin and, if applicable, 
any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, 
applicable to the first scheduled Interest Period), 
in each case as determined by the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as applicable). 
(4) 
If the relevant Series of Covered Bonds becomes due and payable in 
accordance with Condition 9, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for 
the Interest Period to (but excluding) the date on which the Covered Bonds 
become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply 
to the Covered Bonds for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as 
provided in Condition 4(c) and the Bond Trust Deed. 
(E)  
BBSW Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where "BBSW Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the mid-rate for prime bank eligible 
securities (expressed as a percentage rate per annum), having a tenor closest to the

--- Page 138 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
136 
 
 
relevant Interest Period (the BBSW Rate) on the BBSW Page (rounded if necessary 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) at or about the 
BBSW Publication Time in the Relevant Financial Centre on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (and references in this Condition 4(b)(ii)(E) to “Principal 
Paying Agent” shall be construed accordingly). 
If the BBSW Page is not available, or if the BBSW Rate does not appear on the BBSW 
Page by 10.45 a.m. in the Relevant Financial Centre (or such other time that is 15 
minutes after the then prevailing BBSW Publication Time in the Relevant Financial 
Centre), then (unless the Principal Paying Agent has been notified of any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (and any related Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments) pursuant to Condition 4(d) below, if applicable) the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined in good faith by the Issuer on the Interest Determination Date, 
having regard to comparable indices then available. Any such Rate of Interest shall 
be notified to the Principal Paying Agent as soon as practicable after its determination. 
If the Issuer is unable to determine the Rate of Interest in accordance with the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be that determined by the Principal 
Paying Agent as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to 
the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). 
In this Condition 4(b)(ii)(E): 
BBSW Page means the Refinitiv Screen "BBSW" Page, or such other Refinitiv screen 
page (or page of a successor service) as may replace such page for the purpose of 
displaying the Australian Bank Bill Swap Rate; 
BBSW Publication Time means 10.30 a.m. (or such other time at which the BBSW 
Rate is customarily published on the BBSW Page); 
Interest Determination Date shall mean the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or if none is so specified, the first day of each Interest Period; and 
Relevant Financial Centre shall mean Sydney, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(F)  
BKBM Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where "BKBM Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the "Bank Bill Benchmark Rate 
(FRA)" (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) administered by the New Zealand Financial  Benchmark Facility (NZFBF) 
(or any other person that takes over the administration of that rate), having a tenor 
closest to the relevant Interest Period (the BKBM Rate), as set forth on the display 
page designated on the BKBM Page at or about the BKBM Publication Time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or

--- Page 139 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
137 
 
 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest as specified in the applicable Final Terms (and 
references in this Condition 4(b)(ii)(F) to “Principal Paying Agent” shall be construed 
accordingly). 
If the BKBM Page is not available, or if the BKBM Rate does not appear on the 
BKBM Page by 11.00 a.m. in the Relevant Financial Centre (or such other time that 
is 15 minutes after the then prevailing BKBM Publication Time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre), then (unless the Principal Paying Agent has been notified of any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and any related Adjustment Spread and/or 
Benchmark Amendments) pursuant to Condition 4(d) below, if applicable) the Rate 
of Interest shall be the equivalent rate provided by the NZFBF (or any person that 
takes over the administration of that rate) (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) at or around 11.00am in the Relevant 
Financial Centre (or such other time that is 15 minutes after the then prevailing BKBM 
Publication Time in the Relevant Financial Centre) on the Interest Determination Date 
in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any) as determined by the Issuer. Any such Rate of Interest shall be notified to the 
Principal Paying Agent as soon as practicable after its determination. 
If the Issuer does not notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest in 
accordance with the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be that determined 
by the Principal Paying Agent as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
In this Condition 4(b)(ii)(F): 
BKBM Page means the  Bloomberg BKBM Page “GDCO 2805 1”, or such other 
page as may replace such page for the purpose of displaying the New Zealand Bank 
Bill Benchmark Rate; 
BKBM Publication Time means 10.45 a.m. (or such other time at which the BKBM 
Rate customarily appears on the BKBM Page); 
Interest Determination Date shall mean the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or if none is so specified, the first day of each Interest Period; and 
Relevant Financial Centre shall mean Auckland and Wellington, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in

--- Page 140 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
138 
 
 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The relevant Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest as specified in the applicable Final Terms) or the Calculation Agent (as 
applicable), in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, will at or as soon as practicable after 
each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period.  
The relevant Principal Paying Agent (or such other party as aforesaid) or the Calculation 
Agent (as applicable) will calculate the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds in respect of each Specified Denomination (each an Interest Amount) for the 
relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest to:  
(A) 
In the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds which are (i) represented by a Global 
Covered Bond or (ii) Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Covered Bonds represented by such Global 
Covered Bond or (B) such Registered Covered Bond; or  
(B) 
In the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds which are Bearer Covered Bonds in 
definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant 
figure shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Covered Bond which is a 
Bearer Covered Bond in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
If "Interest Amounts Non-Adjusted" is specified in the applicable Final Terms then 
notwithstanding the bringing forward or postponement (as applicable) of an Interest Payment 
Date as a result of the application of the Business Day Convention set out in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Interest Amount in respect of the relevant Interest Period and each subsequent 
Interest Period shall be calculated as aforesaid on the basis of the original Interest Payment 
Dates without adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period: 
(A) 
if Actual/Actual or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365);

--- Page 141 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
139 
 
 
(B) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment 
Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(D) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1) + [30× (M2- M1)]+(D2-D1)]
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(F) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
[360×(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;

--- Page 142 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
140 
 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(G) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
[360×(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Final 
Maturity Date (or, as the case may be, the Extended Due for Payment Date) or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where "Linear Interpolation" is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where "Screen Rate 
Determination" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where "ISDA Determination" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or the relevant BBSW Rate (where "BBSW Determination" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant  BKBM Rate (where "BKBM 
Determination" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which 
shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are

--- Page 143 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
141 
 
 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if 
there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party as aforesaid) shall determine such rate at 
such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer determines appropriate. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
(1) 
Except where “Screen Rate Determination – SOFR” or “Screen Rate Determination 
– SONIA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, the relevant Principal Paying Agent (or the 
Calculation Agent responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms), in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, will 
cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Bond Trustee and to any stock 
exchange or other relevant competent authority or quotation system on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for the time being listed, quoted and/or 
traded or by which they have been admitted to listing and to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but (save 
in each case where the reference rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being “Compounded Daily SONIA”) in no event later than the fourth Business Day 
(as defined in Condition 4(b)(i)), except in the case of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange which will be notified no later than the first Business Day of the relevant 
Interest Period, thereafter by the relevant Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent (as applicable). Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. Any such amendment or alternative arrangements will be promptly 
notified to the Bond Trustee and each stock exchange or other relevant authority on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to listing and to the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
(2) 
Where “Screen Rate Determination – SOFR” or “Screen Rate Determination – 
SONIA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, the Principal Paying Agent (or the Calculation Agent 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to (i) the Issuer and the Bond Trustee, and (ii) to any 
stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for the time 
being listed and, in each case, to be published in accordance with Condition 13 as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (x) where "Screen 
Rate Determination – SOFR" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (as defined in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(1) above) 
thereafter, or (y) where “Screen Rate Determination – SONIA” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the second London Banking Day (as defined in Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(1) 
above) thereafter. Each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date 
so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the relevant Interest Period. Any such amendment or alternative arrangements will

--- Page 144 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
142 
 
 
promptly be notified to the Bond Trustee and to any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for the time being listed and to the 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4(b), whether by the relevant Principal Paying Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, as applicable) or the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, fraud or 
manifest error or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the 
relevant Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Bond Trustee and all the 
Covered Bondholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or fraud or 
proven error) no liability to the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered 
Bondholders, the Bond Trustee or the Couponholders shall attach to the relevant Principal 
Paying Agent (or such other party as aforesaid) or the Calculation Agent in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
(c) 
Accrual of interest 
Interest (if any) will cease to accrue on each Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part 
only of a Covered Bond, that part only of such Covered Bond) on the due date for redemption thereof 
unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused or 
default is otherwise made in the payment thereof, in which event interest will continue to accrue as 
provided in the Bond Trust Deed. 
(d) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B) and 4(b)(ii)(C) above, if:  
(x) 
the Original Reference Rate is not SOFR; and 
(y) 
the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to that Original 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions of this Condition 4(d) shall apply. 
(i) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If there is a Successor Rate, then the Issuer shall promptly notify the Bond Trustee, the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the relevant Principal Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable) and, in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders of such Successor Rate 
and that Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4(d)(ii)) 
subsequently be used by the relevant Principal Paying Agent (or the Calculation Agent 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest 
(or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the 
Covered Bonds (subject to the further operation of this Condition 4(d)).

--- Page 145 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
143 
 
 
If there is no Successor Rate but the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable 
manner and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include 
consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
the Issuer shall promptly notify the Bond Trustee, the relevant Principal Paying Agent (or the 
Calculation Agent responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Covered 
Bondholders of such Alternative Rate and that Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 4(d)(ii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) 
for all relevant future payments of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 4(d)). 
(ii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If, in the case of a Successor Rate, an Adjustment Spread is formally recommended, or 
provided as an option for parties to adopt  in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body, then the Issuer 
shall promptly notify the Bond Trustee, the party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest (being the relevant Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as applicable) and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Covered 
Bondholders of such Adjustment Spread and the Principal Paying Agent (or the Calculation 
Agent responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) shall, subject to the receipt (not less than five Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date) of, and in accordance with, the Issuer’s written instructions, 
apply such Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate for each subsequent determination of a 
relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate. 
If, in the case of a Successor Rate where no such Adjustment Spread is formally recommended 
or provided as an option by any Relevant Nominating Body, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate, the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and by reference 
to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent 
Adviser, determines that there is an Adjustment Spread in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be), then the Issuer shall promptly notify the Bond Trustee, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the relevant Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable) and, in accordance with 
Condition 13, the Covered Bondholders of such Adjustment Spread and the Principal Paying 
Agent (the Calculation Agent responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) shall, subject to the receipt (not less than five Business 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date) of, and in accordance with, the Issuer’s 
written instructions apply such Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or 
a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable). 
If no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available) by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, or the Issuer so determines, acting in good faith, in a commercially 
reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may 
include consultation with an Independent Adviser, that there is no such Adjustment Spread in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets and the Issuer further 
determines, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and by reference to 
such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent

--- Page 146 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
144 
 
 
Adviser, that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), then the Adjustment Spread shall be:  
(A) 
the Adjustment Spread determined by the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a 
commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it deems 
appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser, as being 
the Adjustment Spread recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be); or 
(B) 
if there is no such industry standard recognised or acknowledged, such Adjustment 
Spread as the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and 
by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation 
with an Independent Adviser, determines to be appropriate, having regard to the 
objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of reducing or 
eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Covered 
Bondholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
Following any such determination of the Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall promptly notify 
the Bond Trustee, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the relevant 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable) and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders of such 
Adjustment Spread and the relevant Principal Paying Agent (or the Calculation Agent 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) shall, subject to the receipt (not less than five Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date) of, and in accordance with, the Issuer’s written instructions, 
apply such Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iii) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 4(d) and the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable 
manner and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include 
consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines in its discretion (A) that amendments 
to these Conditions and/or the Bond Trust Deed and/or the Principal Agency Agreement are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (B) the terms of 
the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to the following paragraphs of this 
Condition 4(d)(iii) and subject to the Issuer having to give notice thereof to the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13,  and to the Bond Trustee and the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the relevant Principal Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable) in accordance 
with this Condition 4(d)(iii), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Covered 
Bondholders or Couponholders make the necessary modifications to these Conditions and/or 
Bond Trust Deed and/or the Principal Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments. At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Bond Trustee and the 
Principal Paying Agent of the certificate referred to in the final paragraph of this Condition 
4(d)(iii), and subject as provided below, the Bond Trustee and the Agents (as applicable) shall 
(at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Covered

--- Page 147 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
145 
 
 
Bondholders or Couponholders and without liability to the Covered Bondholders or any other 
person, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Bond Trust 
Deed) with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such modifications in accordance with this Condition 4(d)(iii), if and 
for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading and listed on the official list of a 
stock exchange, the Issuer shall comply with the rules of that stock exchange. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(d)(iii), neither the Bond Trustee nor 
the Agents shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor and/or 
(in the case of the Bond Trustee) direct the Security Trustee to concur with the Issuer and the 
Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of any Benchmark Amendments which, in the sole 
opinion of the Bond Trustee or any Agent (as applicable), would have the effect of (i) exposing 
the Bond Trustee or such Agent (as applicable) to any liability against which it has not been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or (ii) increasing the 
obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or protections, of the Bond Trustee or such Agent 
(as applicable) in the Bond Trust Deed, the Principal Agency Agreement and/or these 
Conditions. 
Any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4(d)(iii) shall be notified 
promptly (in any case, not less than five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date) by the Issuer to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the relevant Principal Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable) and, in 
accordance with Condition 13, the Covered Bondholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date of such Benchmark Amendments. 
No later than notifying the Bond Trustee and the party responsible for determining the Rate 
of Interest (being the relevant Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to each of the Bond Trustee 
and the relevant Principal Paying Agent a certificate (on which each of the Bond Trustee and 
the relevant Principal Paying Agent shall be entitled to rely without further enquiry or liability) 
signed by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Definitions Schedule) or, as the case 
may be, the Covered Bond Guarantor: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) whether the Issuer has 
consulted with an Independent Adviser, (iii) the Successor Rate or, as applicable, the 
Alternative Rate, (iv) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and/or (v) the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 4(d)(iii); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 4(d)(iii)) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Bond Trustee’s and the 
relevant Principal Paying Agent’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Bond Trustee, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest

--- Page 148 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
146 
 
 
(being the relevant Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, as applicable), the Agents and the Covered Bondholders and Couponholders. 
(iv) 
Independent Adviser 
In the event the Issuer is to consult with an Independent Adviser in connection with any 
determination to be made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4(d), the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
for the purposes of any such consultation. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(d) shall act in good faith, in 
a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of fraud or wilful default) shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Bond Trustee or the Covered Bondholders for any 
determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any 
determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4(d) or otherwise in connection 
with the Covered Bonds. 
If the Issuer consults with an Independent Adviser as to whether there is a Successor Rate, an 
Alternative Rate and/or whether any Adjustment Spread is required to be applied and/or in 
relation to the quantum of, or any formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment 
Spread and/or whether any Benchmark Amendments are necessary and/or in relation to the 
terms of any such Benchmark Amendments, a written determination of an Independent 
Adviser in respect thereof shall be conclusive and binding on all parties, save in the case of 
manifest error, and (in the absence of fraud or wilful default) the Issuer shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Covered Bondholders in respect of anything done, or omitted to be done, in 
relation to that matter in accordance with any such written determination. 
No Independent Adviser appointed in connection with the Covered Bonds (acting in such 
capacity), shall have any relationship of agency or trust with the Covered Bondholders. 
(v) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate Provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4(d), the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B), 4(b)(ii)(C) 
and/or the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, will continue to apply unless and until 
the Issuer has determined the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and 
any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with the relevant 
provisions of this Condition 4(d). 
If, in the case of any Benchmark Event, any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread is notified to the Principal Paying Agent or any other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being responsible for determining the Rate of Interest pursuant to 
Condition 4(d)(iii), and the Principal Paying Agent or such other responsible party (as 
applicable) is in any way uncertain as to the application of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread in the calculation or determination of any Rate of Interest, it 
shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Principal Paying Agent 
or such other party (as applicable) in writing (which direction may be by way of a written 
determination of an Independent Adviser) as to which course of action to adopt in the 
application of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread in the 
determination of such Rate of Interest. If the Principal Paying Agent or such other party 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest is not promptly provided with such direction, it shall notify the Issuer thereof, and the 
Principal Paying Agent or such other party (as applicable) shall be under no obligation to make

--- Page 149 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
147 
 
 
such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. For the 
avoidance of doubt, for the period that the Principal Paying Agent or such other party (as 
applicable) remains uncertain of the application of the Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread in the calculation or determination of any Rate of Interest, the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(b) and/or the 
applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, will continue to apply. 
(vi) 
Notifications, etc. to be final 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(d) 
by the Issuer will (in the absence of default, bad faith or manifest error by it or any of its 
directors, officers, employees or agents) be binding on the Issuer, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, the relevant Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and all the Covered Bondholders of this Series and Coupons relating thereto 
and (in the absence of any default, bad faith or manifest error as referred to above) no liability 
to the Bond Trustee and the relevant Principal Paying Agent or the Covered Bondholders of 
this Series and Coupons relating thereto shall attach to the Issuer in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions under this Condition 4(d). 
(vii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 4(d): 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread, or the formula or methodology for calculating a 
spread and the spread resulting from such calculation, which spread may in either case be 
positive or negative or zero and is to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) where the Original Reference Rate is replaced with the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines 
in accordance with this Condition 4(d) is used in place of the Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate 
interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Covered Bonds; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(d)(iii); 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate, the earlier to occur of: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days 
or ceasing to exist or be administered; 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (B)(i); 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued;

--- Page 150 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
148 
 
 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling 
six months prior to the specified date referred to in (D)(i); 
(E) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (E)(i); 
(F) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
relevant Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent (or such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
the Calculation Agent responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, or the 
Issuer to determine any Rate of Interest and/or calculate any Interest Amount using 
the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/1011 as that Regulation applies in the European Union and/or as it applies 
in the United Kingdom in the form retained as domestic law in the United Kingdom 
under the EUWA, if applicable);  
(G) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used or may no longer be applicable; and 
(H) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will no longer be 
representative or may no longer be used, in each case on or before a specified date 
and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (H)(i); 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense; 
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of determining the relevant Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of the Covered Bonds (provided that if, 
following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally specified Reference Rate (or any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term “Original Reference Rate” shall include any 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the Original 
Reference Rate relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (iii) a

--- Page 151 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
149 
 
 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (iv) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or electronic transfer 
to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option 
of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be (i) Sydney or (ii) Auckland or 
Wellington, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or electronic transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option 
of the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an 
intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the 
implementation thereof (or any law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement). References 
to Specified Currency will include any successor currency under applicable law. 
(b) 
Presentation of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds and Coupons 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds will (subject 
as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 5(a) above only against presentation 
and surrender of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds or Coupons, as the case may be, at any specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the 
United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Covered Bonds) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which an amount 
equal to the face value of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made 
in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the total amount due) will be deducted from the amount due for payment. Each amount of principal 
so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 
(Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become 
void under Condition 8 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.

--- Page 152 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
150 
 
 
Upon amounts in respect of any Fixed Rate Covered Bond in definitive bearer form becoming due and 
repayable by the Issuer (in the absence of a Notice to Pay) or the Covered Bond Guarantor under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee prior to its Final Maturity Date (or, as the case may be, Extended Due for 
Payment Date), all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Floating Rate Covered Bond or Long Maturity Covered Bond 
in definitive bearer form, all unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Covered Bond is a Fixed Rate Covered Bond 
(other than a Fixed Rate Covered Bond which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount 
on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Covered Bond shall 
cease to be a Long Maturity Covered Bond on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate 
amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of such Covered Bond. If the date for redemption of any Bearer Definitive Covered Bond is not an 
Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Covered Bond from (and including) 
the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be 
payable only against surrender of the relevant Bearer Definitive Covered Bond. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Covered Bonds represented by any Bearer 
Global Covered Bond will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in 
relation to Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant 
Global Covered Bond (against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Covered 
Bond if the Bearer Global Covered Bond is not intended to be issued in NGCB form at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States). On the occasion of each payment, (i) in the case 
of any Bearer Global Covered Bond which is not issued in NGCB form, a record of such payment 
made on such Bearer Global Covered Bond, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any 
payment of interest, will be made on such Bearer Global Covered Bond by the Paying Agent and such 
record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made and (ii) in the case 
of any Global Covered Bond which is issued in NGCB form, the Paying Agent shall instruct Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg to make appropriate entries in their records to reflect such payment. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Registered Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Covered Bond (whether or not in global form) 
will be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Registered Covered Bond at the specified office of the relevant Registrar or, in 
the case of NZ Registered Covered Bonds, the NZ Paying Agent, or in any other case any of the Paying 
Agents (other than the NZ Paying Agent). Such payments will be made by electronic transfer to the 
Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Covered Bond appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Covered Bonds 
maintained by the relevant Registrar (the Register) either (i) in the case of NZ Registered Covered 
Bonds, at the close of business on the tenth calendar day (being for this purpose a day on which banks 
are open for business in the city where the specified office of the NZ Registrar is located) before the 
relevant due date, or (ii) in any other case, at the close of business on the third Business Day (being 
for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of 
the Luxembourg Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding the previous 
sentence, if (i) a holder does not have a Designated Account or (ii) the principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified 
Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated 
Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, Designated Account means the account maintained by

--- Page 153 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
151 
 
 
a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means 
(in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre 
of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland and Wellington, respectively) and (in the case of 
a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Covered Bond (whether or not in global form) will 
be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured 
mail on the Business Day in the city where the specified office of the relevant Registrar is located on 
the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Covered Bond 
appearing in the Register either (i) in the case of NZ Registered Covered Bonds, at the close of business 
on the tenth calendar day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the 
city where the specified office of the NZ Registrar is located) before the relevant due date, (ii) in the 
case of a Global Covered Bond which clears through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, at the 
close of business on a clearing system business day (where for the purposes of this Condition 5(d) 
"clearing system business day" means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January) 
immediately prior to the relevant due date for such payment or (iii) in any other case, at the close of 
business on the 15th day (whether or not such 15th day is a Business Day) before the relevant due date 
(in either case, the Record Date) at the holder's address shown in the Register on the Record Date and 
at the holder's risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the relevant Registrar not 
less than three Business Days in the city where the specified office of the relevant Registrar is located 
before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Covered Bond, the payment 
may be made by electronic transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. 
Any such application for electronic transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest 
(other than interest due on redemption) in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds which become 
payable to the holder who has made the initial application until such time as the relevant Registrar is 
notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each 
Registered Covered Bond on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal 
in respect of such Registered Covered Bond. 
Holders of Registered Covered Bonds will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any 
delay in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Covered Bond as a result of a cheque 
posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the 
post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the relevant Registrar in respect 
of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Covered Bond 
in respect of Covered Bonds denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid 
by electronic transfer by the Luxembourg Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency 
of the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. 
dollars in accordance with the provisions of the Principal Agency Agreement. 
None of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee or the Agents will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, 
beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Covered Bonds or for maintaining, supervising 
or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
(e) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Covered Bond (or, as provided in the Bond Trust Deed, the Bond Trustee) shall 
be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Covered Bonds represented by such 
Global Covered Bond and the Issuer, or, as the case may be, the Covered Bond Guarantor will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Covered Bond (or the Bond

--- Page 154 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
152 
 
 
Trustee, as the case may be) in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of DTC, NZClear, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a 
particular nominal amount of Covered Bonds represented by such Global Covered Bond must look 
solely to DTC, NZClear, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of 
each payment so made by the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder 
of such Global Covered Bond (or the Bond Trustee, as the case may be). No person other than the 
holder of the relevant Global Covered Bond (or, as provided in the Bond Trust Deed, the Bond Trustee) 
shall have any claim against the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of any payments due 
on that Global Covered Bond. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, payments of principal and/or interest in 
U.S. Dollars in respect of the Bearer Covered Bonds will only be made at the specified office of a 
Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
Dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of interest on the 
Bearer Covered Bonds in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. Dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or the 
Covered Bond Guarantor. 
(f) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day (as defined below), the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant amount due 
until the next following Payment Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other sum in respect 
of any such delay. In this Condition (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8 (Prescription)) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation; 
(B) 
Auckland and Wellington and, in the case of Covered Bonds that are not NZ 
Registered Covered Bonds, London; and 
(C) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the 
places specified in Condition 5(f)(i) and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
shall be Sydney) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 
System is open; and

--- Page 155 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
153 
 
 
(iii) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Covered Bond denominated in a 
Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee 
and in respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest in such Registered Global 
Covered Bond) has elected to receive any part of such payment in U.S. dollars, a day on which 
commercial banks are not authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed in New 
York City. 
(g) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7 
(Taxation) or under any undertakings or covenants given in addition thereto, or in substitution 
therefor, pursuant to the Bond Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Covered Bonds; and 
(vi) 
any Excess Proceeds which may be payable by the Bond Trustee under or in respect of the 
Covered Bonds. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7 (Taxation) or under any undertakings given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, 
pursuant to the Bond Trust Deed. 
(h) 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, 
without the consent of the Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders, on giving prior written notice 
to the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Luxembourg Registrar (in 
the case of Registered Covered Bonds), Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and at least 30 days' 
prior notice to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), elect that, with 
effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the Covered Bonds shall be 
redenominated in euro. In relation to any Covered Bonds where the applicable Final Terms provides 
for a minimum Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency which is equivalent to at least euro 
100,000 and which are admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area, it 
shall be a term of any such redenomination that the holder of any Covered Bonds held through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC must have credited to its securities account 
with the relevant clearing system a minimum balance of Covered Bonds of at least euro 100,000. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) 
the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the denomination of euro 
0.01 with a nominal amount for each Covered Bond equal to the nominal amount of that 
Covered Bond in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at the Established Rate, provided

--- Page 156 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
154 
 
 
that, if the Issuer determines, in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent and the Bond 
Trustee, that the then market practice in respect of the redenomination in euro of 
internationally offered securities is different from the provisions specified above, such 
provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and the 
Issuer shall promptly notify the Covered Bondholders, the competent listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or market (if any) on or by which the Covered Bonds may be listed and/or 
admitted to trading and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(ii) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph (iv) 
below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Covered Bonds will be calculated by 
reference to the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds presented (or, as the case may 
be, in respect of which Coupons are presented) for payment by the relevant holder and the 
amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(iii) 
if Definitive Covered Bonds are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they 
shall be issued at the expense of the Issuer in the denominations of euro 100,000 and/or such 
higher amounts as the Principal Paying Agent may determine and notify to the Covered 
Bondholders and any remaining amounts less than euro 100,000 shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer and paid to the Covered Bondholders in euro in accordance with Condition 6 
(Redemption and Purchase); 
(iv) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Covered Bonds) will become void with 
effect from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the Exchange Notice) that replacement 
euro-denominated Covered Bonds and Coupons are available for exchange (provided that 
such securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. The 
payment obligations contained in any Covered Bonds and Coupons so issued will also become 
void on that date although those Covered Bonds and Coupons will continue to constitute valid 
exchange obligations of the Issuer. New euro-denominated Covered Bonds and Coupons will 
be issued in exchange for Covered Bonds and Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency 
in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent may specify and as shall be notified to the 
Covered Bondholders in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be given less than 
15 days prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Covered Bonds and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the 
Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the Covered Bonds 
to the Specified Currency were to euro. Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to 
a euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified 
by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; 
(vi) 
if the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds and interest for any period ending on or 
after the Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on 
an Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated: 
(a) 
in the case of Covered Bonds represented by a Global Covered Bond, by applying the 
Rate of Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Covered Bonds 
represented by such Global Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
in the case of Definitive Covered Bonds, by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount;

--- Page 157 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
155 
 
 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Covered Bond in definitive 
form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Fixed Rate Covered Bond shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount 
is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding;  
(vii) 
if the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms will 
specify any relevant changes to the provisions relating to interest; and 
(viii) 
such other changes shall be made to this Condition (and the Programme Documents) as the 
Issuer may decide, after consultation with the Principal Paying Agent and the Bond Trustee, 
and as may be specified in the notice, to conform it to conventions then applicable to 
instruments denominated in euro. 
(i) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
Established Rate means the rate for the conversion of the relevant Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Community 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 of the 
Treaty. 
euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty. 
Rate of Interest means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of a Series of Covered 
Bonds, as determined in, or as determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms. 
Redenomination Date means (in the case of interest bearing Covered Bonds) any date for payment 
of interest under the Covered Bonds or (in the case of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) any date, in each 
case specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Covered Bondholders pursuant to Condition 
5(h)(i) and which falls on or after the date on which the country of the relevant Specified Currency 
first participates in the third stage of European economic and monetary union. 
Reference Rate means the relevant EURIBOR, BBSW, BKBM, CDOR, HIBOR, NIBOR, SIBOR or 
SONIA rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Treaty means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Final redemption 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Covered Bond 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at 100 per cent. of its nominal value (the Final Redemption Amount) 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Final Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 158 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
156 
 
 
Without prejudice to Condition 9 (Events of Default and Enforcement), if an Extended Due for 
Payment Date is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for a Series of Covered Bonds and the 
Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Final Maturity Date specified in the Final 
Terms (or after expiry of the grace period set out in Condition 9(a)(i) and, following the service of a 
Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor by no later than the date falling one Business Day prior 
to the Extension Determination Date, the Covered Bond Guarantor has insufficient monies available 
under the Guarantee Priority of Payments to pay the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final 
Redemption Amount in full in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on the date falling on 
the earlier of (a) the date which falls two Business Days after service of such Notice to Pay on the 
Covered Bond Guarantor or, if later, the Final Maturity Date (or, in each case, after the expiry of the 
grace period set out in Condition 9(b)(i)) under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee and (b) the 
Extension Determination Date, then (subject as provided below) payment of the unpaid amount by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be deferred until the Extended Due 
for Payment Date, provided that the Covered Bond Guarantor may pay any amount representing the 
Final Redemption Amount on the relevant Final Maturity Date and any amount representing the Final 
Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the earlier of (a) and (b) above may also be paid 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor on any Interest Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the 
Extended Due for Payment Date. The Issuer shall confirm to the relevant Principal Paying Agent as 
soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least four Business Days prior to the Final Maturity 
Date of a Series of Covered Bonds whether (x) payment will be made in full of the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds on that Final Maturity Date or (y) payment will not 
be made in full of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds on that Final 
Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify the relevant Principal Paying Agent shall not affect 
the validity or effectiveness of the extension. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor shall notify the relevant Covered Bondholders (in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices)), the Rating Agencies, the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee, the relevant 
Principal Paying Agent and the relevant Registrar (in the case of Registered Covered Bonds) as soon 
as reasonably practicable and in any event at least one Business Day prior to the dates specified in (a) 
and (b) of the preceding paragraph of any inability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay in full the 
Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Series of Covered 
Bonds pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee. Any failure by the Covered Bond Guarantor to notify 
such parties shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in 
any such party. In such circumstances, the Covered Bond Guarantor shall on the earlier of (a) the date 
falling two Business Days after the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor or if 
later the Final Maturity Date (or, in each case, after the expiry of the grace period set out in Condition 
9(b)(i)) and (b) the Extension Determination Date, under the Covered Bond Guarantee, apply the 
monies (if any) available (after paying or providing for payment of higher ranking or pari passu 
amounts in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments) pro rata in part payment of an amount 
equal to the Final Redemption Amount of each Covered Bond of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
and shall pay Guaranteed Amounts constituting the Scheduled Interest in respect of each such Covered 
Bond on such date. The obligation of the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay any amounts in respect of 
the balance of the Final Redemption Amount not so paid shall be deferred as described above. Such 
failure to pay by the Covered Bond Guarantor shall not constitute a Covered Bond Guarantor Event 
of Default. 
Any discharge of the obligations of the Issuer as the result of the payment of Excess Proceeds to the 
Bond Trustee shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining the amounts to be paid by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee in connection with this Condition 6(a). 
For the purposes of these Conditions:

--- Page 159 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
157 
 
 
Extended Due for Payment Date means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, the date, if any, 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms to which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of 
the Final Redemption Amount payable on the Final Maturity Date will be deferred in the event that 
the Final Redemption Amount is not paid in full on the Extension Determination Date; and 
Extension Determination Date means, in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the date falling 
two Business Days after the expiry of seven days starting on (and including) the Final Maturity Date 
of such Series of Covered Bonds. 
Guarantee Priority of Payments means the guarantee priority of payments relating to the allocation 
and distribution of all Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts following service 
of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, but prior to service of a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with clause 12.5 of the 
Establishment Deed. 
Rating Agency means any one of Moody's Investors Service Pty Limited and Fitch Australia Pty 
Limited (together, the Rating Agencies) or their successors, to the extent they provide ratings in 
respect of the Covered Bonds. 
(b) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, or in part, at any time (if 
this Covered Bond is not a Floating Rate Covered Bond) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this 
Covered Bond is a Floating Rate Covered Bond), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to the Bond Trustee and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Bond Trustee immediately before the 
giving of such notice that, on the occasion of the next Interest Payment Date, the Issuer is or will be 
required to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation). Covered 
Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6(f) together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days' notice to the Bond Trustee, the relevant Principal Paying Agent, (in the case 
of the redemption of Registered Covered Bonds) the relevant Registrar and, in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all or 
some only (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the Covered Bonds then outstanding on any 
Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined 
in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if applicable, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s). Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall 
be bound to redeem the Covered Bonds accordingly. In the event of a redemption of some only of the 
Covered Bonds, such redemption must be for an amount being the Minimum Redemption Amount or 
a Higher Redemption Amount. In the case of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds, the Covered 
Bonds to be redeemed (the Redeemed Covered Bonds) will be selected individually by lot, in the 
case of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by Definitive Covered Bonds, and in accordance with 
the rules of DTC, NZClear, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of DTC, NZClear, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
nominal amount, at their discretion) (or any alternative or additional clearing system as may be 
specified in the Final Terms), in the case of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by a Global 
Covered Bond, in each case, not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date 
of selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Covered Bonds

--- Page 160 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
158 
 
 
represented by Definitive Covered Bonds, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Covered 
Bonds will be published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than 30 days prior to the 
date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented 
by Definitive Covered Bonds shall bear the same proportion to the aggregate nominal amount of all 
Redeemed Covered Bonds as the aggregate nominal amount of Definitive Covered Bonds outstanding 
bears to the aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds outstanding, in each case on the Selection 
Dates, provided that such first mentioned nominal amount shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards 
to the nearest integral multiple of the Specified Denomination, and the aggregate nominal amount of 
Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by a Global Covered Bond shall be equal to the balance of the 
Redeemed Covered Bonds. No exchange of the relevant Global Covered Bond will be permitted 
during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) at least 30 days prior to the Selection 
Date. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Covered Bondholders  
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Covered Bond giving the Issuer not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' written notice the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Covered Bond on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of a Covered Bond the holder thereof must, if the Covered 
Bond is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, NZClear or DTC, 
deliver, at the specified office of either (i) in the case of NZ Registered Covered Bonds, the NZ Paying 
Agent, or (ii) in any other case, any Paying Agent other than the NZ Paying Agent, at any time during 
normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, a duly completed and 
signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office 
of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if 
payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition 6(d) accompanied by this Covered Bond. If this Covered Bond is represented by a Global 
Covered Bond held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or NZClear or DTC to exercise 
the right to require redemption of this Covered Bond the holder of this Covered Bond must, within the 
notice period, give notice to the relevant Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with 
the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, NZClear or DTC, (which may 
include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, NZClear or 
DTC, or any common depository or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the relevant 
Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, NZClear or DTC from time to time and, if this Covered Bond is represented by a Global 
Covered Bond, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Covered 
Bond to the Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, NZClear or DTC, given by a holder of any Covered Bond pursuant to this 
Condition 6(d) shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Issuer Event 
of Default or a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Bond 
Trustee has declared the Covered Bonds to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of 
Default and Enforcement), in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer 
to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 6(d) and instead request or direct the Bond 
Trustee to declare such Covered Bond forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of 
Default and Enforcement).

--- Page 161 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
159 
 
 
(e) 
Redemption due to illegality 
The Covered Bonds of all Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, 
at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Bond Trustee, the Principal 
Paying Agents, the Registrars and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), all the Covered 
Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Bond Trustee immediately 
before the giving of such notice that it has, or will before the next Interest Payment Date of any 
Covered Bond of any Series, become unlawful for the Intercompany Loan Provider and/or the Demand 
Loan Provider to make, fund or allow to remain outstanding any Term Advance and/or the Demand 
Loan (or, in either case, any part thereof) made by the Intercompany Loan Provider or the Demand 
Loan Provider, as the case may be to the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the Intercompany Loan 
Agreement or the Demand Loan Agreement, as the case may be, as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the applicable laws or regulations or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment has become or will become 
effective before the next such Interest Payment Date. 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(e) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 6(f) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(f) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 6(b) and 6(e) above and 6(i) below and Condition 9 (Events of Default 
and Enforcement), each Covered Bond will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated 
by the Principal Paying Agent as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Covered Bond with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at 
the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Covered Bond (other than a Zero Coupon Covered Bond) with a Final 
Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable 
in a Specified Currency other than that in which the Covered Bond is denominated, at the 
amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, at its Early Redemption Amount equal to the 
sum of: 
(a) 
the Reference Price; and 
(b) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Covered Bonds to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Covered Bond becomes due and repayable, 
or such other calculation basis as may be provided for in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, it shall be 
made (i) in the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each or (ii) in the case of a Zero 
Coupon Covered Bond payable in euro, on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed divided by 
365 (or, if any of the days elapsed falls in a leap year, the sum of (x) the number of those days falling

--- Page 162 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
160 
 
 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (y) the number of those days falling in a non leap year divided by 
365) or (iii) on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(g) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, any of its subsidiaries or the Covered Bond Guarantor may at any time purchase or 
otherwise acquire Covered Bonds (provided that, in the case of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds, all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) at 
any price and in any manner. If purchases are made by tender, tenders must be available to all the 
Covered Bondholders alike. Such Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the 
Issuer or the relevant subsidiary, surrendered to the relevant Registrar and/or either: (i) in the case of 
NZ Registered Covered Bonds, to the NZ Paying Agent, or (ii) in any other case to any Paying Agent 
other than the NZ Paying Agent, for cancellation (except that any Covered Bonds purchased or 
otherwise acquired by the Covered Bond Guarantor must immediately be surrendered to the relevant 
Registrar and/or either: (i) in the case of NZ Registered Covered Bonds, to the NZ Paying Agent, or 
(ii) in any other case to any Paying Agent other than the NZ Paying Agent for cancellation). 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed in full will forthwith be cancelled (together with, in the case 
of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds, all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Covered Bonds so cancelled and any Covered 
Bonds purchased and surrendered for cancellation pursuant to Condition 6(g) above and cancelled 
(together with, in the case of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds, all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the relevant Principal Paying Agent and cannot be held, 
reissued or resold. 
(i) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Covered Bond pursuant to Condition 6(a), 6(b), 6(c), 6(d) or 6(e) above or upon its becoming 
due and repayable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default and Enforcement) is improperly 
withheld or refused or default is otherwise made in the payment thereof, the amount due and repayable 
in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 
6(f)(iii) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon 
which such Zero Coupon Covered Bond becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the 
date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the monies payable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds has been received by the relevant Principal Paying Agent or the Bond Trustee 
or the relevant Registrar and notice to that effect has been given to the Covered Bondholders 
either in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) or individually. 
(j) 
Certification on redemption under Condition 6(b) and 6(e) 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to Condition 6(b) or 6(e), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the 
Definitions Schedule) of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and the Bond Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient

--- Page 163 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
161 
 
 
evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on all holders of the Covered Bonds and Couponholders. 
7. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of the Covered Bonds and Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor, as the case may be, will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of a Tax Jurisdiction or 
New Zealand or any political sub-division thereof or by any authority therein or thereof having power 
to tax unless such withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
is required by law. In the event of a withholding or deduction being made by the Issuer in respect of a 
payment made by it, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the 
net amounts received by the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have 
been receivable in respect of the Covered Bonds or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that the foregoing obligation to pay additional amounts shall 
not apply to any such tax, assessment, governmental charge or duty: 
(a) 
which is payable otherwise than by deduction or withholding from payments of principal of 
and interest on such Covered Bond or Coupon; 
(b) 
which is payable (other than in respect of New Zealand resident withholding tax) by reason 
of the Covered Bondholder or Couponholder or beneficial owner (or any one of them in case 
of principal or interest derived by two or more persons jointly) having, or having had, some 
personal or business connection with New Zealand or a Tax Jurisdiction (other than mere 
ownership of or receipt of payment under the Covered Bonds or Coupon or the fact that 
payments are, or for the purposes of taxation are deemed to be, from sources in, or secured in 
New Zealand or a Tax Jurisdiction); 
(c) 
which is payable solely by reason of the Covered Bondholder’s or Couponholder’s or 
beneficial owner’s failure to comply with any certification, identification or other reporting 
requirement concerning nationality, residence, identity, connection with taxing jurisdiction of 
the Covered Bondholder or Couponholder or other beneficial owner of such Covered Bond; 
(d) 
which is payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than thirty days 
after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would 
have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such 
thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5(f) 
(Payments)); or 
(e) 
which is an estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, personal property or similar tax, assessment 
or other charge; 
(f) 
which is payable by reason of the Covered Bondholder or Couponholder or beneficial owner 
of such Covered Bond or Coupon being associated with the Issuer or the Covered Bond 
Guarantor for the purposes of the approved issuer levy (the AIL) and non-resident withholding 
tax rules in the Income Tax Act 2007 of New Zealand (the Tax Act) or any modification or 
equivalent thereof; 
(g) 
which is imposed or withheld as a consequence of the New Zealand Inland Revenue 
Department applying section BG 1 of the Tax Act (or any modification or equivalent thereof) 
with the consequence that withholding tax is payable in respect of a payment in circumstances

--- Page 164 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
162 
 
 
where the payment would not have been subject to withholding tax in the absence of the 
application of such provision; 
(h) 
where such withholding or deduction is for or on account of New Zealand resident withholding 
tax; 
(i) 
with respect to any payment of principal of or interest (including original issue discount) on 
the Covered Bonds and Coupons by the Issuer to any Covered Bondholder or Couponholder 
who is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of any such payment 
to the extent that a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary, a member of such a 
partnership or any other beneficial owner would not have been entitled to the additional 
amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been the holder of such 
Covered Bonds and Coupons; 
(j) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or is otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an 
intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating 
the implementation thereof (or any law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement); 
or  
(k) 
any combination of (a) through (j) above. 
If any payments made by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee are or 
become subject to any withholding or deduction, on account of any taxes, duties or other charges of 
whatever nature, imposed or levied by or on behalf of New Zealand or by any other authority having 
power to tax, the Covered Bond Guarantor: 
(i) 
will not be obliged to pay any additional amount as a consequence; and 
(ii) 
for the avoidance of doubt will not be required to pay any amount of AIL in respect of such 
payments unless required by law.  
If the Covered Bond Guarantor is required by law to pay any amount of AIL in respect of any payments 
made by it under the Covered Bond Guarantee, it may deduct from such payments an amount equal to 
the amount of AIL payable and will not be obliged to pay any additional amount as a consequence. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the jurisdiction, if any, named in the applicable Final Terms as being 
the jurisdiction wherein BNZ’s borrowing office is located for such Tranche of Covered 
Bonds if such borrowing office is not located in New Zealand; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Bond Trustee or the 
Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices). 
Where used in the remaining provisions of this Condition 7, interest means interest (as defined under 
the Tax Act or any modification or equivalent thereof) for withholding tax purposes, which includes 
the excess of the redemption amount over the issue price of any Covered Bond, as well as interest paid 
on such Covered Bond. The Issuer is, and the Covered Bond Guarantor may be required by law to

--- Page 165 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
163 
 
 
deduct New Zealand resident withholding tax from the payment of interest to a Covered Bondholder 
or Couponholder, if: 
(a) 
the Covered Bondholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, is a resident of New Zealand 
for income tax purposes or is otherwise subject to the New Zealand resident withholding tax 
rules (a New Zealand Covered Bondholder); and 
(b) 
at the time of such payment, the New Zealand Covered Bondholder does not have RWT-
exempt status (as defined in section YA 1 of the Tax Act) for New Zealand resident 
withholding tax purposes. 
Prior to any date on which interest is payable or the Final Maturity Date, any New Zealand Covered 
Bondholder: 
(A) 
must notify the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor or any Paying Agent, that the New 
Zealand Covered Bondholder is the holder of a Covered Bond or Coupon; and 
(B) 
must notify the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor or a Paying Agent, of any 
circumstances, and provide the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor or the relevant Paying 
Agent, with any information that may enable the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor, to 
make payment of interest to the New Zealand Covered Bondholder without deduction on 
account of New Zealand resident withholding tax. 
The New Zealand Covered Bondholder must notify the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor, prior 
to any date on which interest is payable, of any change in the New Zealand Covered Bondholder's 
circumstances from those previously notified that could affect the payment or withholding obligations 
of the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor, in respect of this Covered Bond or Coupon. By accepting 
payment of the full face amount of a Covered Bond or Coupon, as the case may be or any interest 
thereon, the New Zealand Covered Bondholder indemnifies the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
for all purposes in respect of any liability the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor may incur for not 
deducting any amount from such payment on account of New Zealand resident withholding tax. 
Only a New Zealand Covered Bondholder will be obliged to make the notification referred to above 
and no other holder will be required to make any certification that is not a New Zealand Covered 
Bondholder. 
8. 
Prescription 
The Covered Bonds (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless 
presented for payment within 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) 
in each case from the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) therefor, subject in each 
case to the provisions of Condition 5 (Payments). 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon, any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5 (Payments) 
or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5 (Payments). 
9. 
Events of Default and Enforcement 
(a) 
Issuer Events of Default 
The Bond Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 25 per 
cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds (which for this purpose or

--- Page 166 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
164 
 
 
the purpose of any Extraordinary Resolution referred to in this Condition (a) means the Covered Bonds 
of this Series together with the Covered Bonds of any other Series constituted by the Bond Trust Deed) 
then outstanding, as if they were a single Series (with the Principal Amount Outstanding of Covered 
Bonds not denominated in NZ Dollars converted into NZ Dollars at the relevant Swap Rate) or if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders shall, (but in the case of the 
happening of any of the events mentioned in subparagraph (iii), (iv), (v), (vi), (viii) or (ix) inclusive 
below, only if the Bond Trustee shall have certified in writing to the Issuer that such event is, in its 
opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any Series) (subject in 
each case to being indemnified and/or secured and or prefunded to its satisfaction) give notice (an 
Issuer Acceleration Notice) in writing to the Issuer that as against the Issuer (but not, for the 
avoidance of doubt, as against the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee) each 
Covered Bond of each Series is, and each such Covered Bond shall, unless such event shall have been 
cured by the Issuer prior to the Issuer's receipt of the notice in writing from the Bond Trustee, 
thereupon immediately become, due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together with 
accrued interest as provided in the Bond Trust Deed if any of the following events (each an Issuer 
Event of Default) shall occur: 
(i) 
default by the Issuer in any payment when due of principal on the Covered Bonds or any of 
them and the default continues for a period of seven days; 
(ii) 
default by the Issuer in payment when due of any instalment of interest on the Covered Bonds 
or any of them and the default continues for a period of 30 days; 
(iii) 
a failure by the Issuer to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Conditions 
or the Bond Trust Deed and the failure continues for the period of 30 days next following the 
service by the Bond Trustee on the Issuer, as the case may be, of notice requiring the same to 
be remedied; 
(iv) 
a distress or execution or other legal process is levied or enforced upon or sued out or put in 
force against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer and such distress or 
execution or other legal process, as the case may be, is not discharged or stayed within 14 
days of having been so levied, enforced or sued out; 
(v) 
an encumbrancer takes possession or a receiver or administrator is appointed of the whole or 
any part of the undertaking, property, assets or revenues of the Issuer (other than in respect of 
monies borrowed or raised on a non-recourse basis); 
(vi) 
the Issuer (a) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they mature; or (b) applies for 
or consents to or suffers the appointment of a liquidator or receiver or administrator of the 
Issuer or of the whole or any part of the undertaking, property, assets or revenues of the Issuer 
(other than in respect of monies borrowed or raised on a non-recourse basis); or (c) takes any 
proceeding under any law for a readjustment or deferment of its obligations or any part thereof 
or makes or enters into a general assignment or any arrangement or composition with or for 
the benefit of creditors;  
(vii) 
other than under or in connection with a scheme of amalgamation or reconstruction not 
involving a bankruptcy or insolvency an effective resolution is passed by shareholders or 
members for the appointment of a liquidator of the Issuer; 
(viii) 
a moratorium shall be agreed or declared in respect of any indebtedness of the Issuer, or any 
governmental authority or agency shall have condemned, seized or compulsorily purchased 
or expropriated all or in the opinion of the Bond Trustee a substantial part of the assets of or 
capital of the Issuer;

--- Page 167 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
165 
 
 
(ix) 
(a) BNZ ceases to carry on general banking business in New Zealand; or (b) BNZ ceases to 
be registered as a bank in New Zealand; or (c) the Issuer enters into any arrangement or 
agreement for any sale or disposal of the whole of its respective business by amalgamation or 
otherwise other than, in the case of (c) only, (A) under or in connection with a scheme of 
amalgamation or reconstruction not involving a bankruptcy or insolvency which, in respect of 
the Issuer results in a substitution of the principal debtor under the Covered Bonds and 
Coupons pursuant to Condition 14 (Meetings of Covered Bondholders, Modification, Waiver 
and Substitution); or (B) with the consent of the Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary 
Resolution; 
(x) 
if an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice has been served and remains outstanding (in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Documents) on the next Calculation Date after 
service of such Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor; or 
(xi) 
if the Pre-Maturity Test in respect of any Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is breached 
during the Pre-Maturity Test Period and the Covered Bond Guarantor has not taken the 
required actions set out in clause 9.4 of the Establishment Deed following that breach by the 
earlier to occur of: 
(a) 
ten NZ Business Days from the date that the Seller is notified of that breach; and 
(b) 
the Final Maturity Date of that Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 9(a), no Issuer Event of Default (other than 
Condition 9(a)(vii)) in respect of the Covered Bonds shall occur solely on account of any failure by 
the Issuer to perform or observe any of its obligations in relation to, or the agreement or declaration 
of any moratorium with respect to, or the taking of any proceeding in respect of, any share, note or 
other security or instrument constituting Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital (as defined by the Australian 
Prudential Regulation Authority from time to time). 
Upon the Covered Bonds becoming immediately due and repayable against the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 9(a), the Bond Trustee shall forthwith serve a notice to pay (the Notice to Pay) on the 
Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Covered Bond Guarantor 
shall be required to make payments of Guaranteed Amounts when the same shall become Due for 
Payment in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice, 
the Bond Trustee may or shall take such proceedings or other action or step against the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 9(c). 
The Bond Trust Deed provides that all monies received by the Bond Trustee following the occurrence 
of an Issuer Event of Default and the delivery of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and Notice to Pay, 
from the Issuer or any receiver, liquidator, administrator or other similar official appointed in relation 
to the Issuer following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer 
Acceleration Notice and a Notice to Pay (the Excess Proceeds), shall be paid by the Bond Trustee on 
behalf of the Covered Bondholders of the relevant Series to the Covered Bond Guarantor for its own 
account, as soon as practicable, and shall be held by the Covered Bond Guarantor in the GIC Account 
and the Excess Proceeds shall thereafter form part of the Security and shall be used by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor as Available Principal Receipts in the same manner as all other monies from time to 
time standing to the credit of the GIC Account pursuant to the Security Deed and the Establishment 
Deed. Any Excess Proceeds received by the Bond Trustee shall discharge pro tanto the obligations of 
the Issuer in respect of the payment of the amount of such Excess Proceeds under the Covered Bonds 
and Coupons (as applicable and to the extent of the amount so received and subject to restitution of

--- Page 168 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
166 
 
 
the same if such Excess Proceeds shall be required to be repaid by the Covered Bond Guarantor) (but 
shall be deemed not to have done so for the purposes of subrogation rights of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor contemplated by the Bond Trust Deed). However, the obligations of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee are (following service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice 
and a Notice to Pay or if earlier, Service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice) 
unconditional and irrevocable and the receipt by the Bond Trustee of any Excess Proceeds and 
payment to the Covered Bond Guarantor of such Excess Proceeds shall not reduce or discharge any of 
such obligations. 
By subscribing for Covered Bond(s), each Covered Bondholder shall be deemed to have irrevocably 
directed the Bond Trustee to pay the Excess Proceeds to the Covered Bond Guarantor in the manner 
as described above. 
(b) 
Covered Bond Guarantor Events of Default 
The Bond Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 25 per 
cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds (which for this purpose 
and the purpose of any Extraordinary Resolution referred to in this Condition 9(b) means the Covered 
Bonds of this Series together with the Covered Bonds of any other Series constituted by the Bond 
Trust Deed) then outstanding as if they were a single Series (with the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of Covered Bonds not denominated in NZ Dollars converted into NZ Dollars at the relevant Swap 
Rate) or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of all the Covered Bondholders shall, (subject 
in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), but in the case 
of the happening of any of the events described in paragraph (ii) below, only if the Bond Trustee shall 
have certified in writing to the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor that such event is, in its opinion, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any Series, give notice (the 
Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice) in writing to the Issuer and to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, that (x) each Covered Bond of each Series is, and each Covered Bond of each Series shall 
as against the Issuer (if not already due and repayable against it following an Issuer Event of Default), 
thereupon immediately become, due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together with 
accrued interest and (y) all amounts payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee shall thereupon immediately become due and payable at the Guaranteed Amount 
corresponding to the Early Redemption Amount for each Covered Bond of each Series together with 
accrued interest, in each case as provided in the Bond Trust Deed and thereafter the Security shall 
become enforceable if any of the following events (each a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of 
Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(i) 
default is made by the Covered Bond Guarantor for a period of 14 days or more in the payment 
of any Guaranteed Amounts when Due for Payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of any 
Series except in the case of the payments of a Guaranteed Amount when Due for Payment 
under Condition 6(a) where the Covered Bond Guarantor shall be required to make payments 
of Guaranteed Amounts which are Due for Payment on the dates specified therein; or 
(ii) 
if default is made by the Covered Bond Guarantor in the performance or observance of any 
other obligation, condition or provision binding on it (other than any obligation for the 
payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds of any Series) under the 
Bond Trust Deed, the Security Deed or any other Programme Document to which the Covered 
Bond Guarantor is a party (other than the Programme Agreement or any Subscription 
Agreement) and, except where such default is or the effects of such default are, in the opinion 
of the Bond Trustee, not capable of remedy when no such continuation and notice as is 
hereinafter mentioned will be required, such default continues for 30 days (or such longer 
period as the Bond Trustee may permit) after written notice thereof has been given by the 
Bond Trustee to the Covered Bond Guarantor requiring the same to be remedied; or

--- Page 169 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
167 
 
 
(iii) 
if the Covered Bond Guarantor ceases or threatens to cease to carry on its business or 
substantially the whole of its business; or 
(iv) 
the Covered Bond Guarantor shall stop payment or shall be unable, or shall admit inability, to 
pay its debts generally as they fall due or shall be adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; 
or 
(v) 
proceedings are initiated against the Covered Bond Guarantor under any applicable 
liquidation, winding up, insolvency, bankruptcy, composition, reorganisation or other similar 
laws (including, but not limited to, presentation of a petition or the filing of documents with a 
court or any registrar for its winding-up, administration or dissolution or the giving notice of 
the intention to appoint an administrator (whether out of court or otherwise)); or a receiver 
and/or manager, administrative receiver, administrator, trustee or other similar official shall 
be appointed (whether out of court or otherwise) in relation to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
or in relation to the whole or any part of its assets, or a distress, diligence or execution or other 
process shall be levied or enforced upon or sued out against the whole or any part of its assets, 
or if the Covered Bond Guarantor shall initiate or consent to judicial proceedings relating to 
itself under any applicable liquidation, winding up, insolvency, bankruptcy, composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws or shall make a conveyance, assignment or assignation 
for the benefit of, or shall enter into any composition with, its creditors generally; or 
(vi) 
a failure to satisfy the Amortisation Test (as set out in the Establishment Deed) on any 
Calculation Date following an Issuer Event of Default; or 
(vii) 
the Covered Bond Guarantee is not, or is claimed by the Covered Bond Guarantor not to be, 
in full force and effect. 
Following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Covered 
Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor each of the Bond Trustee and 
the Security Trustee may or shall take such proceedings or steps in accordance with the first and third 
paragraphs, respectively, of Condition 9(c) and the Covered Bondholders shall have a claim against 
the Covered Bond Guarantor, under the Covered Bond Guarantee, for an amount equal to the Early 
Redemption Amount for each Covered Bond of each Series together with accrued interest and any 
other amount due under the Covered Bonds (other than additional amounts payable under Condition 
7 (Taxation)) as provided in the Bond Trust Deed in respect of each Covered Bond. 
(c) 
Enforcement 
The Bond Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without further notice, following service of an 
Issuer Acceleration Notice (in the case of the Issuer) or, if earlier, following service of a Covered Bond 
Guarantee Acceleration Notice (in the case of the Covered Bond Guarantor) take such proceedings or 
other action or step as it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer and/or the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, as the case may be, and/or any other person as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of 
the Bond Trust Deed, the Covered Bonds and the Coupons or any other Programme Document, but it 
shall not be bound to take any such enforcement proceedings or other action or step in relation to the 
Bond Trust Deed, the Covered Bonds or the Coupons or any other Programme Document unless (i) it 
shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders of all Series 
then outstanding (with the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series and converted 
into NZ Dollars at the relevant Swap Rate as aforesaid) or so requested in writing by the holders of 
not less than 25 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all 
Series then outstanding (with the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series and 
converted into NZ Dollars at the relevant Swap Rate as aforesaid) and (ii) it shall have been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction.

--- Page 170 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
168 
 
 
In exercising any of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions the Bond Trustee shall only have 
regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders of all Series equally and shall not have regard to 
the interests of any other Secured Creditors. 
The Bond Trustee may at any time, following service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration 
Notice at its discretion and without further notice, direct the Security Trustee to take such steps or 
proceedings against the Covered Bond Guarantor and/or any other person as it may think fit to enforce 
the provisions of the Security Deed or any other Programme Document and may, at any time after the 
Security has become enforceable, direct the Security Trustee to take such steps as it may think fit to 
enforce the Security, but it shall not be bound to give any such direction and the Security Trustee shall 
not be bound to take any such steps or proceedings unless (i) the Bond Trustee shall have been so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders of all Series then outstanding 
(with the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series and converted into NZ Dollars 
at the relevant Swap Rate as aforesaid) or so requested in writing by the holders of not less than 25 per 
cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series then 
outstanding (with the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series and converted into 
NZ Dollars at the relevant Swap Rate as aforesaid); and (ii) each of the Bond Trustee and Security 
Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. In exercising 
any of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions under this paragraph each of the Bond Trustee and 
the Security Trustee shall only have regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders of all Series 
equally and shall not have regard to the interests of any other Secured Creditors. 
No Covered Bondholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to institute proceedings directly against the 
Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor or to take any action with respect to the Bond Trust Deed, the 
Covered Bonds, the Coupons, or the Security unless the Bond Trustee or the Security Trustee, as 
applicable, having become bound so to proceed, fails or is unable to do so within a reasonable time 
and such failure or inability is continuing in which event any Covered Bondholder or Couponholder 
may, on giving an indemnity and/or prefunding and/or security satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, in the 
name of the Bond Trustee (but not otherwise) himself institute such proceedings and/or prove in the 
winding up, administration or liquidation of the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor to the same 
extent and in the same jurisdiction (but not further or otherwise than the Bond Trustee would have 
been entitled to do so in respect of the Covered Bonds and Coupons and/or the Bond Trust Deed). 
10. 
Replacement of Covered Bonds, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Covered Bond, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the UK Paying Agent in London (in the case of Bearer Covered 
Bonds or Coupons) or the specified office of the relevant Registrar (in the case of Registered Covered 
Bonds), or any other place approved by the Bond Trustee of which notice shall have been published 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses 
as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the 
Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Covered Bonds, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
UK Paying Agent, NZ Paying Agent, Paying Agents, Luxembourg Registrar, NZ Registrar, 
Transfer Agent and Exchange Agent 
The names of the initial UK Paying Agent, NZ Paying Agent, the other initial Paying Agents, the 
initial Luxembourg Registrar, the NZ Registrar, the initial Transfer Agent, the initial Exchange Agent 
and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
In the event of the appointed office of any such bank being unable or unwilling to continue to act as 
the UK Paying Agent, or failing duly to determine the Rate of Interest, if applicable, or to calculate

--- Page 171 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
169 
 
 
the Interest Amounts for any Interest Period, the Issuer shall appoint the London office of such other 
bank as may be approved by the Bond Trustee to act as such in its place. The UK Paying Agent may 
not resign its duties or be removed from office without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
In the event of the appointed NZ Paying Agent and/or NZ Registrar being unable or unwilling to 
continue to act as the NZ Paying Agent and/or NZ Registrar, or failing duly to determine the Interest 
Rate, if applicable, or to calculate the Interest Amounts for any Interest Period, the Issuer shall appoint 
such other paying agent and/or registrar as may be approved by the Bond Trustee to act as such in its 
place. Each of the NZ Paying Agent and the NZ Registrar may not resign its duties or be removed 
from office without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Bond Trustee (not to be unreasonably 
withheld), to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or Registrar and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents or Registrars and/or approve any change in the specified office 
through which any Paying Agent or Registrar acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a UK Paying Agent, a Luxembourg Registrar and, so long as any NZ 
Registered Covered Bonds are outstanding, a NZ Paying Agent and a NZ Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as any of the Covered Bonds are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing 
by any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Covered Bonds) and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Covered Bonds) with a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant 
stock exchange or as the case may be, other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Covered Bonds payable in a Specified Currency other 
than U.S. dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange 
Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer shall, when necessary appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 5(e). Notice of any such variation, termination, 
appointment or change will be given by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders as soon as reasonably 
practicable in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreements, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any 
Covered Bondholders or Couponholders. Each Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any 
entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it 
transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
12. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the UK Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent (other than the NZ Paying Agent) in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons 
to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Bearer Covered Bond 
to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8 (Prescription). 
13. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Bearer Covered Bonds will be valid if published (a) in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and (b) if and for so long as the Bearer

--- Page 172 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
170 
 
 
Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg and/or the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's website, www.bourse.lu. It is expected that any such newspaper publication will be 
made in the Financial Times in London and the Luxembourger Wort or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules 
of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Covered Bonds are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers or where published in such 
newspapers. If publication as provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other 
manner, and will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Bond Trustee shall approve. 
All notices regarding the Registered Covered Bonds will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first 
class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given 
on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Covered Bonds are 
admitted to trading on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock exchange (or any other relevant 
authority) so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the 
place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any Definitive Covered Bonds are issued, there may, so long as the Covered Bonds 
are represented in their entirety by any Global Covered Bonds held on behalf of NZClear and/or DTC 
and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such 
newspaper(s) or such mailing the delivery of the relevant notice to NZClear and/or DTC and/or 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the Covered Bondholders 
and, in addition, for so long as any Covered Bonds are listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading 
by any other relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange, or as the case may be, other 
relevant authority so require, such notice or notices will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given to the Covered Bondholders on the day on which the said notice was given to NZClear 
and/or DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Covered Bondholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Covered Bond in definitive form) with the relative Covered Bond or 
Covered Bonds, with the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of the Bearer Covered Bonds) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Covered Bonds). Whilst any of the Covered Bonds are represented 
by a Global Covered Bond, such notice may be given by any holder of a Covered Bond to the relevant 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through NZClear and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, in such manner as the relevant Principal Paying Agent, 
the Registrar and NZClear and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case 
may be, may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
Covered Bondholders, Couponholders and other Secured Creditors should note that the Issuer, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and the relevant Principal Paying Agent may without their consent or the 
consent of the Bond Trustee or the Security Trustee agree to modify any provision of any Final Terms 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with 
any mandatory provisions of law. 
The Bond Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Covered Bondholders of any 
Series to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the modification by Extraordinary 
Resolution of these Conditions or the provisions of the Bond Trust Deed. The quorum at any such

--- Page 173 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
171 
 
 
meeting in respect of the Covered Bonds of any Series for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one 
or more persons holding or representing not less than a clear majority of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing the Covered Bondholders of such Series 
whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of such Series so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes any Series Reserved Matter, 
the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds of the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than one third of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of such Series 
for the time being outstanding. The expression Extraordinary Resolution when used in these 
Conditions means: (a) a resolution passed at a meeting of the Covered Bondholders duly convened 
and held in accordance with the Bond Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than three-
fourths of the persons voting thereat upon a show of hands or if a poll is duly demanded by a majority 
consisting of not less than three fourths of the votes cast on such poll; or (b) a resolution in writing 
signed by or on behalf of Covered Bondholders holding not less than seventy five per cent. in Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds then outstanding, which resolution in writing may be 
contained in one document or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more of the Covered Bondholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Covered 
Bondholders of a Series shall, subject as provided below, be binding on all the Covered Bondholders 
of such Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders in respect of 
such Series of Covered Bonds. Pursuant to the Bond Trust Deed, the Bond Trustee may convene a 
single meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series if in the opinion of the Bond 
Trustee there is no conflict between the respective interests of such Covered Bondholders, in which 
event the provisions of this paragraph shall apply thereto mutatis mutandis. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the immediately preceding paragraph, any Extraordinary Resolution 
to direct the Bond Trustee to accelerate the Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9(a) or to give a 
Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Events of Default and 
Enforcement) or to direct the Bond Trustee or the Security Trustee or to direct the Bond Trustee to 
direct the Security Trustee to take any enforcement action or to direct the Bond Trustee to determine 
that any Issuer Event of Default, Potential Issuer Event of Default, Covered Bond Guarantor Event of 
Default or Potential Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the 
purposes of the Bond Trust Deed (each a Programme Resolution) shall only be capable of being 
passed at a single meeting of the Covered Bondholders of all Series then outstanding. Any such 
meeting to consider a Programme Resolution may be convened by the Issuer, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor or the Bond Trustee or by the Covered Bondholders of any Series. The quorum at any such 
meeting for passing a Programme Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing at least a 
clear majority of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series for 
the time being outstanding or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or 
representing Covered Bonds whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of any 
Series so held or represented. A Programme Resolution passed at any meeting of the Covered 
Bondholders of all Series shall be binding on all the Covered Bondholders of all Series, whether or 
not they are present at the meeting, and on all related Couponholders. 
In connection with any meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series where such 
Covered Bonds are not denominated in NZ Dollars, the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds of any Series not denominated in NZ Dollars shall be converted into NZ Dollars at the relevant 
Swap Rate. 
The Bond Trustee may, without the consent or sanction of any of the Covered Bondholders of any 
Series, the related Couponholders and without the consent of the other Secured Creditors, at any time

--- Page 174 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
172 
 
 
and time to time, concur with the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor or any other party or direct the 
Security Trustee to concur with the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor or any other party in making 
any modification of the Covered Bonds of one or more Series, the related Coupons or any Programme 
Document: 
(a) 
which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee may be expedient to make provided the Bond Trustee 
is of the opinion that such modification is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders of any Series but such power does not extend to any such modification 
referred to in the definition of Series Reserved Matter; or  
(b) 
which is in the opinion of the Bond Trustee of a formal, minor or technical nature, or in the 
opinion of the Bond Trustee is made to correct a manifest error or is made to comply with 
mandatory provisions of law (and for this purpose the Bond Trustee may disregard whether 
any such modification relates to a Series Reserved Matter); or 
(c) 
(without prejudice to (a) and (b) above) which is made to enable Covered Bondholders and 
Secured Creditors to obtain the protection and/or other benefits of any legislation or 
regulations or any directive of any regulatory body including, without limitation, the RBNZ 
that are introduced in New Zealand for the purpose of regulating covered bonds provided that 
the Bond Trustee is of the opinion that such modification will not be materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any Series. 
Notwithstanding the above the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee shall not be obliged to agree to 
any amendment, which, in the sole opinion of the Bond Trustee or the Security Trustee, (as applicable), 
would have the effect of (i) exposing the Bond Trustee or the Security Trustee, (as applicable), to any 
liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction 
or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the protections, of the Bond Trustee or the 
Security Trustee, (as applicable), in the Bond Trust Deed, the other Programme Documents and/or the 
Conditions. 
The Bond Trustee may without the consent of any of the Covered Bondholders of any Series, the 
related Couponholders and without the consent of any other Secured Creditor and without prejudice 
to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, Issuer Event of Default, Potential Issuer Event of 
Default, Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default or Potential Covered Bond Guarantor Event of 
Default from time to time and at any time but only if in so far as in its opinion the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders of any Series shall not be materially prejudiced thereby, waive or authorise, or 
direct the Security Trustee to waive or authorise, any breach or proposed breach by an Issuer or the 
Covered Bond Guarantor or any other person of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the 
Bond Trust Deed, the other Programme Documents or the Conditions or determine that any Issuer 
Event of Default, Potential Issuer Event of Default, Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default or 
Potential Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the purposes of 
the Bond Trust Deed, PROVIDED ALWAYS THAT the Bond Trustee shall not exercise any powers 
conferred on it in contravention of any express direction given by Extraordinary Resolution or by a 
request under Condition 9(a) or (b) (Events of Default and Enforcement) but so that no such direction 
or request shall affect any waiver, authorisation or determination previously given or made. Any such 
waiver, authorisation or determination may be given or made on such terms and subject to such 
conditions (if any) as the Bond Trustee may determine, shall be binding on the Covered Bondholders, 
the related Couponholders and, if, but only if, the Bond Trustee shall so require, shall be notified by 
the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor (as the case may be) to the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Subject to as provided below, the Bond Trustee shall be bound to waive or authorise, or direct the 
Security Trustee to waive or authorise, any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer or the Covered

--- Page 175 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
173 
 
 
Bond Guarantor or any other person of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Bond Trust 
Deed, the other Programme Documents or the Conditions or determine that any Issuer Event of 
Default, Potential Issuer Event of Default, Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default or Potential 
Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the purposes of the Bond 
Trust Deed if it is: (i) in the case of such waiver or authorisation, (a) so directed by Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Covered Bondholders of the relevant one or more Series (with the Covered Bonds 
of all such Series taken together as a single Series in the circumstances provided in the Bond Trust 
Deed and, if applicable, converted into NZ Dollars at the relevant Swap Rate) or (b) requested to do 
so in writing by the holders of not less than 25 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds of the relevant one or more Series (with the Covered Bonds of all such Series taken 
together as a single Series in the circumstances provided in the Bond Trust Deed and, if applicable, 
converted into NZ Dollars at the relevant Swap Rate) or (ii), in the case of any such determination, (a) 
so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders of all Series then outstanding 
with the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series and, if applicable, converted 
into NZ Dollars at the relevant Swap Rate) or (b) requested to do so in writing by the holders of not 
less than 25 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series then 
outstanding with the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series and, if applicable, 
converted into NZ Dollars as aforesaid), and at all times then only if it shall be indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself 
liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
The Security Trustee may, without the consent of the Secured Creditors (other than any Secured 
Creditor who is a party to the relevant document) and without prejudice to its right in respect of any 
further or other breach, from time to time and at any time, but only if so directed by (a) the Bond 
Trustee, so long as there are any Covered Bonds outstanding or (b) all of the other Secured Creditors, 
if there are no Covered Bonds outstanding, authorise or waive any proposed or actual breach of any 
of the covenants or provisions contained in any Programme Document and/or agree to any 
modification to any Programme Document. Any such authorisation or waiver or modification shall be 
binding on the Secured Creditors and, unless the Bond Trustee otherwise agrees, notice thereof shall 
be given by the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor (as the case may be) to the Secured Creditors 
as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on all the Covered 
Bondholders of all Series of Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding, the related Couponholders 
and the other Secured Creditors, and unless the Bond Trustee otherwise agrees, any such modification 
shall be notified by the Issuer, to the Covered Bondholders of all Series of Covered Bonds for the time 
being outstanding and the other Secured Creditors in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon 
as practicable thereafter. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, 
without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the Bond Trustee and 
the Security Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Covered Bondholders of each 
Series as a class (but shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to 
individual Covered Bondholders or Couponholders whatever their number) and, in particular but 
without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual 
Covered Bondholders, the related Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being 
for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, 
any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the Bond Trustee and the Security 
Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Covered Bondholder or Couponholder be entitled 
to claim, from the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee or any 
other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise 
upon individual Covered Bondholders and/or Couponholders, except to the extent already provided

--- Page 176 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
174 
 
 
for in Condition 7 (Taxation) and/or in any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in 
substitution for, Condition 7 (Taxation) pursuant to the Bond Trust Deed. 
Prior to the Bond Trustee and/or the Security Trustee making or granting any waiver, authorisation or 
determination pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer must send written confirmation to the Bond 
Trustee and Security Trustee that: (i) any such waiver, authorisation or determination would not 
require the RBNZ to be notified; or (ii) if such waiver, authorisation or determination would require 
the RBNZ to be notified, the Issuer has provided all information required to be provided to the RBNZ 
and, if consent or confirmation of non-objection is required, the RBNZ has given its consent or 
confirmed its non-objection to the proposed waiver, authorisation or determination. 
Subject to any required RBNZ consent, the Bond Trustee and Security Trustee shall concur in and 
effect any modifications to the Programme Documents that are requested by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor or the Trust Manager to accommodate the accession of a new Servicer, new Swap Provider 
or new Agent to the Programme provided that (a) each of the Swap Providers provide written 
confirmation to the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee consenting to such modification of those 
documents to which they are a party (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld); (b) the Covered 
Bond Guarantor or the Trust Manager, as the case may be, has certified to the Security Trustee and 
the Bond Trustee in writing that such modifications are required in order to accommodate the addition 
of the new Servicer, new Swap Provider or new Agent to the Programme; and (c) all other conditions 
precedent to the accession of the new Servicer, new Swap Provider or new Agent to the Programme 
set out in the Programme Documents have been satisfied at the time of the accession. 
In addition, the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in 
effecting any Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 
4(d)(iii) without the consent of the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders and the reference in the 
second paragraph of this Condition 14 to meetings of the Covered Bondholders shall not apply to 
Benchmark Amendments made pursuant to Condition 4(d)(iii), which shall be made without Covered 
Bondholders’ or Couponholders’ consent as specified therein. 
Substitution 
The Bond Trust Deed provides that the Bond Trustee may, without the consent of the Covered 
Bondholders or Couponholders agree with the Issuer to the substitution in place of the Issuer (or of 
any previous substitute under this Condition) as the principal debtor under the Covered Bonds, 
Coupons and the Bond Trust Deed of another company, being a subsidiary of the Issuer, subject to (a) 
the Bond Trustee being satisfied that the interests of the Covered Bondholders will not be materially 
prejudiced by the substitution and (b) certain other conditions set out in the Bond Trust Deed being 
complied with. 
The Bond Trust Deed provides that in connection with any scheme of amalgamation or reconstruction 
of the Issuer not involving the bankruptcy or insolvency of the Issuer and (A) where the Issuer does 
not survive the amalgamation or reconstruction or (B) where all or substantially all of the assets and 
business of the Issuer will be disposed of to, or succeeded to, by another entity (whether by operation 
of law or otherwise), the Bond Trustee shall, if requested by the Issuer be obliged, without the consent 
of the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders, at any time to agree to the substitution in the place of 
the Issuer as principal debtor under the Covered Bonds, Coupons and the Bond Trust Deed of another 
company (the Substituted Debtor) being the entity with and into which the Issuer amalgamates or 
the entity to which all or substantially all of the business and assets of the Issuer is transferred, or 
succeeded to, pursuant to such scheme of amalgamation or reconstruction (whether by operation of 
law or otherwise), subject to, inter alia:

--- Page 177 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
175 
 
 
(i) 
the Substituted Debtor entering into a supplemental trust deed in form and manner satisfactory 
to the Bond Trustee agreeing to be bound by the Bond Trust Deed with any consequential 
amendments which the Bond Trustee may deem appropriate as fully as if the Substituted 
Debtor had been named in the Bond Trust Deed as principal debtor in place of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Substituted Debtor acquiring or succeeding to pursuant to such scheme of amalgamation 
or reconstruction all or substantially all of the assets and business of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
confirmations being received by the Bond Trustee from each Rating Agency that the 
substitution will not adversely affect the rating of the Covered Bonds. 
Any such supplemental trust deed or undertaking shall, if so expressed, operate to release the Issuer 
or the previous substitute as aforesaid from all of its obligations as principal debtor under the Bond 
Trust Deed.  
In addition, subject as further provided in the Bond Trust Deed, the Bond Trustee may without the 
consent of the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders at any time agree with the Issuer to the 
substitution in place of the Issuer (or any previous substitute under this Condition) as the principal 
debtor under the Covered Bonds, Coupons and the Bond Trust Deed of any Subsidiary of the Issuer 
subject to (a) the Bond Trustee being satisfied that the interests of the Covered Bondholders will not 
be materially prejudiced by the substitution and (b) certain other conditions set out in the Bond Trust 
Deed being complied with. 
Any substitution pursuant to this Condition 14 shall be binding on the Covered Bondholders and the 
Couponholders and, unless the Bond Trustee agrees otherwise, shall be notified by the Issuer to the 
Covered Bondholders not later than 14 days after any such substitution in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices). 
It shall be a condition of any substitution pursuant to this Condition 14 that the Covered Bond 
Guarantee shall remain in place or be modified to apply mutatis mutandis and continue in full force 
and effect in relation to any Substituted Debtor. 
Rating Agencies 
If: 
(a) 
a confirmation or affirmation of rating or other response by a Rating Agency is a condition to 
any action or step under any Programme Document; and 
(b) 
a written request for such confirmation or response is delivered to that Rating Agency by any 
of the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Bond Trustee and/or 
the Security Trustee, as applicable (each a Requesting Party) and the Rating Agency 
indicates that it does not consider such confirmation, affirmation or response necessary in the 
circumstances, 
the Requesting Party shall be entitled to assume for the purposes of the Programme Documents that 
the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds in issue will not be downgraded or withdrawn by such 
Rating Agency as a result of such action or step. 
The Bond Trustee shall be entitled to treat as conclusive a certificate signed by an Authorised 
Signatory of the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor as to any matter referred to in (b) above and 
the Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for any loss, liabilities, costs, damages, expenses or 
inconvenience that may be caused as a result.

--- Page 178 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
176 
 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 14: 
Potential Issuer Event of Default means any condition, event or act which, with the lapse of time 
and/or the issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, determination 
and/or request and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the fulfilment of any similar condition, 
would constitute an Issuer Event of Default; 
Potential Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default means any condition, event or act which, with 
the lapse of time and/or the issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, 
determination and/or request and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the fulfilment of any similar 
condition, would constitute a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default; and 
Series Reserved Matter in relation to Covered Bonds of a Series means: (i) reduction or cancellation 
of the amount payable or, where applicable, modification of the method of calculating the amount 
payable or modification of the date of payment or, where applicable, modification of the method of 
calculating the date of payment in respect of any principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds and Coupons are to be 
made, other than pursuant to Condition 5(h) (Redenomination); (iii) alteration of the quorum or 
majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; (iv) any amendment to the Covered Bond 
Guarantee or the Security Deed; (v) except in accordance with Condition 6(h) (Cancellation) or the 
provision relating to substitution in this Condition 14, the sanctioning of any scheme or proposal for 
the exchange or sale of the Covered Bonds for or the conversion of the Covered Bonds into, or the 
cancellation of the Covered Bonds in consideration of, shares, stock, Covered Bonds, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or securities of the Issuer or any other 
company formed or to be formed, or for or into or in consideration of cash, or partly for or into or in 
consideration of such shares, stock, bonds, Covered Bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other 
obligations and/or securities as aforesaid and partly for or into or in consideration of cash and for the 
appointment of some person with power on behalf of the Covered Bondholders to execute an 
instrument of transfer of the Registered Covered Bonds held by them in favour of the persons with or 
to whom the Covered Bonds are to be exchanged or sold respectively; and (vi) alteration of the proviso 
to paragraph 5 or paragraph 6 of Schedule 4 to the Bond Trust Deed or the alteration of this definition. 
15. 
Indemnification of the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee and the Bond Trustee and 
Security Trustee contracting with the Issuer and/or the Covered Bond Guarantor 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions the Bond Trustee is 
of the opinion that the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any one or more series would be 
materially prejudiced thereby, the Bond Trustee shall not exercise such power, trust, authority or 
discretion without the approval of such Covered Bondholders of the relevant Series by Extraordinary 
Resolution or by a direction in writing of such Covered Bondholders of at least 25 per cent. of the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding or as 
otherwise required under the Programme Documents. 
The Bond Trust Deed and the Security Deed contain provisions for the indemnification of the Bond 
Trustee and the Security Trustee and for their relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving 
them from taking any action unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to their satisfaction. 
The Bond Trust Deed and the Security Deed also contain provisions pursuant to which each of the 
Bond Trustee and Security Trustee, respectively, is entitled, inter alia: (i) to enter into business 
transactions with the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and/or any of their respective Subsidiaries 
and affiliates and to act as trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or 
relating to, the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and/or any of their respective Subsidiaries and 
affiliates; (ii) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties

--- Page 179 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
177 
 
 
under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard 
to the interests of, or consequences for, the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders or the other 
Secured Creditors and (iii) to retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other 
amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith. 
Neither the Bond Trustee nor the Security Trustee will be responsible for any loss, expense or liability 
which may be suffered as a result of any Mortgage Loans or Related Security, or any deeds or 
documents of title thereto, being uninsured or inadequately insured or being held by clearing 
organisations or their operators or by intermediaries such as banks, brokers or other similar persons 
whether or not on behalf of the Bond Trustee and/or the Security Trustee. Neither the Bond Trustee 
nor the Security Trustee will be responsible for inter alia: (i) supervising the performance by the Issuer 
or any other party to the Programme Documents or, in relation to Condition 4(d) only, any Independent 
Adviser, of their respective obligations under the Programme Documents and the Bond Trustee and 
the Security Trustee will be entitled to assume, until they each have written notice to the contrary, that 
all such persons are properly performing their duties; (ii) considering the basis on which approvals or 
consents are granted by the Issuer or any other party to the Programme Documents under the 
Programme Documents; (iii) monitoring the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, including, without limitation, 
whether the Mortgage Loan Portfolio is in compliance with the Asset Coverage Test, the Pre-Maturity 
Test or the Amortisation Test; or (iv) monitoring whether Mortgage Loans and Related Security satisfy 
the Eligibility Criteria. Neither the Bond Trustee nor the Security Trustee will be liable to any Covered 
Bondholder or other Secured Creditor (a) for any failure to make or to cause to be made on their behalf 
the searches, investigations and enquiries which would normally be made by a prudent secured creditor 
in relation to the Security and have no responsibility in relation to the legality, validity, sufficiency 
and enforceability of the Security and the Programme Documents or (b) in relation to Condition 4(d) 
only, the acts or omissions of any Independent Adviser. 
The Bond Trustee may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority or 
discretion vested in it relating to the transactions contemplated in the Programme Documents until it 
has been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction against any and all actions, 
charges, claims, costs, damages, demands, expenses, liabilities, losses and proceedings which might 
be sustained by it as a result and will not be required to do anything which may cause it to expend or 
risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties or 
in the exercise of any of its rights, powers, authorities or discretions if it has reasonable grounds for 
believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity, security or prefunding against such 
liability is not assured to it. 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further bonds having terms and conditions the same as the Covered 
Bonds of any Series or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon, issue date and/or purchase price and so that the same shall be consolidated and form 
a single Series with the outstanding Covered Bonds of such Series. 
17. 
Limited Recourse, Covered Bond Guarantee and non-petition 
(a) 
Only the Security Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the general law or under the 
Security Deed to enforce the Security and no Transaction Party shall be entitled to proceed directly 
against the Covered Bond Guarantor to enforce the Security. In particular, each Transaction Party 
(other than the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Security Trustee) has agreed with and acknowledges 
to each of the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Security Trustee, and the Security Trustee agreed with 
and acknowledged to the Covered Bond Guarantor, that:

--- Page 180 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
178 
 
 
(i) 
none of the Transaction Parties (nor any person on their behalf, other than the Security Trustee 
where appropriate) is entitled, otherwise than as permitted by the Programme Documents, to 
direct the Security Trustee to enforce the Security or take any proceedings against the Covered 
Bond Guarantor to enforce the Security; 
(ii) 
none of the Transaction Parties (other than the Security Trustee) shall have the right to take or 
join any person in taking any steps against the Covered Bond Guarantor for the purpose of 
obtaining payment of any amount due from the Covered Bond Guarantor to any of such 
Transaction Parties; 
(iii) 
until the date falling two years after the Vesting Date none of the Transaction Parties nor any 
person on their behalf shall initiate or join any person in initiating an Insolvency Event in 
relation to the Trust other than a Receiver appointed under clause 15 of the Security Deed; 
and 
(iv) 
none of the Transaction Parties shall be entitled to take or join in the taking of any corporate 
action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step which would result in the Priorities of 
Payments not being complied with. 
(b) 
The Covered Bondholders agree with and acknowledge to each of the Covered Bond Guarantor and 
the Security Trustee, and the Security Trustee has agreed with and acknowledged to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, that notwithstanding any other provision of any Programme Document, all obligations of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor to such party including, without limitation, the Secured Obligations, are 
limited in recourse to the Covered Bond Guarantor as set out below: 
(i) 
it will have a claim only in respect of the Charged Property and will not have any claim, by 
operation of law or otherwise, against, or recourse to, any of the Covered Bond Guarantor's 
other assets; 
(ii) 
sums payable to each party in terms of the Covered Bond Guarantor's obligations to such party 
shall be limited to the lesser of (a) the aggregate amount of all sums due and payable to such 
party and (b) the aggregate amounts received, realised or otherwise recovered and 
immediately available for payment by or for the account of the Covered Bond Guarantor in 
respect of the Charged Property whether pursuant to enforcement of the Security or otherwise, 
net of any sums which are payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the 
Priorities of Payments in priority to or pari passu with sums payable to such party; and 
(iii) 
upon the Security Trustee giving written notice to the relevant party that it has determined in 
its opinion, and the Servicer having certified to the Security Trustee, that there is no reasonable 
likelihood of there being any further realisations in respect of the Charged Property (whether 
arising from an enforcement of the Security or otherwise) which would be available to pay 
unpaid amounts outstanding under the relevant Programme Document, the relevant party shall 
have no further claim against the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of any such unpaid 
amounts and the obligations to pay such unpaid amounts shall be discharged in full. 
(c) 
To the extent permitted by law, no recourse under any obligation, covenant, or agreement of any 
person contained in the Programme Documents shall be had against any shareholder, officer, agent or 
director of such person as such, by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal proceeding, by 
virtue of any statute or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that the Programme 
Documents are corporate obligations of each person expressed to be a party thereto and no personal 
liability shall attach to or be incurred by the shareholders, officers, agents or directors of such person 
as such, or any of them, under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of such 
person contained in the Programme Documents, or implied therefrom, and that any and all personal

--- Page 181 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
179 
 
 
liability for breaches by such person of any of such obligations, covenants or agreements, either under 
any applicable law or by statute or constitution, of every such shareholder, officer, agent or director is 
expressly waived by each person expressed to be a party thereto as a condition of and consideration 
for execution of the Programme Documents. 
18. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Covered Bond under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third 
party which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
19. 
Governing Law  
The Bond Trust Deed (including the Covered Bond Guarantee), the Principal Agency Agreement, the 
Covered Bonds and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law unless specifically 
stated to the contrary. The NZ Agency Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with it are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with New Zealand law.

--- Page 182 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
180 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Covered Bonds will be used for the general corporate purposes of BNZ 
(which include making a profit) and its subsidiaries. If there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will 
be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 183 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
181 
 
 
BANK OF NEW ZEALAND 
INFORMATION ABOUT BNZ 
History and development of BNZ 
The legal name of BNZ is Bank of New Zealand. 
BNZ is registered in New Zealand with registration number 428849, and is a registered bank under the BPS 
Act. 
BNZ was incorporated on 29 July 1861, under the New Zealand Bank Act 1861. The Bank of New Zealand 
Act 1945 enabled the Government of New Zealand to acquire all privately owned shares in BNZ. From 1945 
to 1987, BNZ was a trading bank and statutory corporation, wholly-owned, but not guaranteed, by the 
Government of New Zealand. Legislation was passed in 1986 to facilitate a public minority shareholding. In 
March 1989, the Bank of New Zealand Act 1988 became effective, resulting in a complete sale of the 
Government’s interest in BNZ, and the incorporation of BNZ as a limited liability company under the New 
Zealand Companies Act 1955. In March 1997, BNZ was re-registered under the NZ Companies Act. NAB 
assumed control of BNZ and the group of companies of which it is the parent company (BNZ Group) on 1 
October 1992. 
BNZ is a company with limited liability incorporated in New Zealand and it operates under the NZ Companies 
Act. Its registered office is Level 4, 80 Queen Street, Auckland 1010, New Zealand (telephone number +64 9 
924 8770). BNZ’s website is https://www.bnz.co.nz/.8 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Principal activities 
BNZ is one of New Zealand’s largest banking organisations and provides a broad range of banking and 
financial products and services to retail, business, private, corporate and institutional clients.9 
The BNZ Group's business is organised into two major reportable and operating segments: Partnership 
Banking; and Corporate and Institutional Banking. Partnership Banking provides financial products and 
services to retail, business and private customers. Corporate and Institutional Banking provides financial 
products and services to corporate and institutional customers.  
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE  
NAB is the ultimate parent company of BNZ, through the intermediate holding companies National Australia 
Group (NZ) Limited (the registered and beneficial holder of the voting securities of BNZ) and National 
Equities Limited (the immediate parent company of National Australia Group (NZ) Limited). 
TREND INFORMATION 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of BNZ since 30 September 2022 (being the date 
to which the latest audited published financial information of BNZ was prepared). 
                                                     
8 The information on this website does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF 
9 Source: BNZ

--- Page 184 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
182 
 
 
PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES 
BNZ does not intend to make or imply any profit forecasts or profit estimates in this Prospectus. No statement 
contained in this Prospectus should be interpreted as such a forecast or estimate. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES  
The name, occupation and country of residence of each director of BNZ as at the date of this Prospectus are 
listed below. Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each director is Level 4, 80 Queen Street, 
Auckland 1010, New Zealand. 
Non-Executive Director, Chair 
Douglas Alexander McKay, ONZM, Company Director, New Zealand. Mr McKay is a director of National 
Australia Bank Limited (BNZ’s ultimate parent bank). Directorships of listed entities: Fletcher Building 
Limited and Vector Limited. Mr McKay’s other directorships and interests include: Eden Park Trust Board 
(Chair), Fletcher Building Industries Limited, IAG New Zealand Limited, IAG (NZ) Holdings Limited and 
Wymac Consulting Limited. 
Executive Director 
Daniel Huggins, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Bank of New Zealand, New Zealand. Mr 
Huggins other interests include: Trustee of the BNZ Foundation and Board member of the Springboard Trust. 
Non-Executive Director 
 
Gary Andrew Lennon, Group Chief Financial Officer, NAB, Australia. Mr Lennon’s other directorships and 
interests include: Jmega Pty Limited, National Equities Limited, and the Stronger Smarter Institute. 
Independent Non-Executive Directors 
Barbara Joan Chapman, CNZM Company Director, New Zealand. Directorships of listed entities: Genesis 
Energy Limited (Chair) , NZME Limited (Chair) and Fletcher Building Limited. Ms Chapman’s other 
directorships and interests include: Fletcher Building Industries Limited and the New Zealand Initiative 
(Deputy Chair). 
Louis Arthur Hawke, Company Director, Australia.  
Warwick Ean Hunt, Company Director, New Zealand. Directorships of listed entities: Genesis Energy Limited. 
Kevin John Kenrick, Company Director, New Zealand. Mr Kenrick’s other directorships and interests include: 
Advisory Board of Somerset Brewing Company Limited (Chair).  
Linley Ann Wood, Company Director, New Zealand. Ms Wood’s other directorships and interests include: 
Auckland City Mission and Auckland City Mission Foundation, Kings School Auckland Limited (Deputy 
Chair and Financial Governor) and Melanesia Mission Trust. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, except as detailed in the paragraph below, no conflicts of interest and no 
potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties owed to BNZ by the members of the board of directors 
of BNZ (BNZ Board) and their private interests or duties outside of the BNZ Group. 
Mr. McKay is a director of IAG New Zealand Limited and IAG (NZ) Holdings Limited. As at the date of this 
Prospectus, BNZ contracted with IAG New Zealand Limited for the provision of insurance products and

--- Page 185 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
183 
 
 
services. The BNZ Board receives regular management reports, both directly and through the BNZ Board Risk 
& Compliance Committee, which may contain sensitive information. 
BNZ has a process for the management of any conflicts of interest that may arise. BNZ’s constitution dictates 
that a director who is interested in a transaction to which BNZ is a party may attend a meeting of directors at 
which a matter relating to the transaction arises and be included among the directors present at the meeting for 
the purposes of a quorum but, subject to certain exceptions set out in the constitution, will not vote on the 
matter nor be present while the matter is being considered at the meeting.  
The BNZ Board has adopted a board charter which sets out the BNZ Board’s purpose, powers and 
responsibilities. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
BNZ is wholly owned by National Australia Group (NZ) Limited and BNZ is ultimately owned and controlled 
by NAB. 
National Australia Group (NZ) Limited, NAB and National Equities Limited (the immediate parent company 
of National Australia Group (NZ) Limited) are the only holders of a direct or indirect qualifying interest in the 
voting securities of BNZ. National Australia Group (NZ) Limited is the registered and beneficial holder of all 
BNZ’s voting securities. 
The NAB Group has examined the possibility of adopting a non-operating holding company (NOHC) structure 
to support its operations in the longer term. The process is complex, with many regulatory, tax, legal, 
accounting and other issues to address. While a number of issues have now been resolved, no decision on 
whether to proceed to a NOHC structure has yet been taken. Otherwise, BNZ is not aware of any arrangements 
that are in place the operation of which may result in a change of control of BNZ. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING BNZ's ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
Historical financial information 
The financial information relating to BNZ contained in this Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with 
New Zealand Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (New Zealand GAAP) which is consistent with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). New Zealand GAAP comprises New Zealand equivalents 
to International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) as appropriate for profit-oriented entities. BNZ’s 
Disclosure Statements for the financial years ended 30 September 2021, 30 September 2022 and for the six 
months ended 31 March 2023 are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
The Disclosure Statements contain information about BNZ and consolidated information about the BNZ 
Group. See further "Documents Incorporated by Reference" above. 
Auditing of historical annual financial information 
The historical financial information in relation to BNZ for its financial years ended 30 September 2021 and 30 
September 2022 described above has been audited. Please see the "Auditor’s Report" at pages 79 to 84 of the 
Disclosure Statement for the year ended 30 September 2021 and the "Independent Auditor’s Report" at pages 
80 to 84 of the Disclosure Statement for the year ended 30 September 2022, both incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus. 
The historical financial information in relation to BNZ for its six months ended 31 March 2023 described 
above has not been audited. Please see the "Independent Auditor’s Review Report" at pages 39 to 42 of the

--- Page 186 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
184 
 
 
Disclosure Statement for the six months ended 31 March 2023 incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
No other information in this Prospectus has been audited by the auditors of BNZ. 
Financial measures 
The financial measures below have been calculated based on line items included in BNZ’s Disclosure 
Statements for the six months ended 31 March 2023 and the "Supplementary Business and Financial 
Disclosure"10 for the six months ended 31 March 2023 and the financial year ended 30 September 2022. BNZ 
considers those measures to constitute alternative performance measures (APMs), as defined for the purposes 
of the European Securities and Markets Authority guidelines on APMs:  
The cost to income ratio of the bank as at 31 March 2023 was 32.51 per cent. and as at 31 March 2022 was 
32.64 per cent. 
The loan to deposit ratio of the bank as at 31 March 2023 was 1.35 and as at 31 March 2022 was 1.33. 
The net charge-offs to gross average loans of the bank as at 30 September 2022 was 0.1 per cent. and as at 30 
September 2021 was 0.1 per cent. 
The net profit on average assets of the bank as at 30 September 2022 was 1.12 per cent. and as at 30 September 
2021 was 1.13 per cent. 
The net yield on interest earning assets of the bank as at 31 March 2023 was 2.45 per cent. and as at 31 March 
2022 was 2.04 per cent. 
For further details in relation to these APMs, including explanation on the method of calculation used, please 
see “Alternative Performance Measures” on page 270 of this Prospectus. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings  
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which BNZ is aware) in the 12–month period before the date of this Prospectus which 
may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of BNZ 
or the BNZ Group. 
Recent events 
There are no recent events particular to BNZ that are, to a material extent, relevant to the evaluation of its 
solvency. 
No significant change in the financial performance or financial position of BNZ 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the BNZ Group 
which has occurred since 31 March 2023 (being the date to which the latest unaudited consolidated half year 
financial statements of BNZ were prepared). 
 
                                                     
10  This information package is available on: https://www.bnz.co.nz/about-us/governance/suppdisc.

--- Page 187 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
185 
 
 
THE BNZ COVERED BOND TRUST 
BNZ Covered Bond Trust (Trust) is a special purpose trust established by the Establishment Deed dated 2 
June 2010, under New Zealand law. The Covered Bond Guarantor is the trustee of the Trust. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor is a company incorporated in New Zealand with limited liability on 6 May 2010 
under registration number 2467131. The Covered Bond Guarantor's principal office is at Level 16, SAP Tower, 
151 Queen Street, Auckland 1010, New Zealand. The telephone number of the Covered Bond Guarantor's 
principal office is +64 0800 371 471.  
The Covered Bond Guarantor is a special purpose company set up solely for the purposes of the Programme. 
It is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Public Trust which is an independent trustee services provider in New 
Zealand. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor is dependent on the Trust Manager, the Servicer and the Calculation Manager 
(among others) to provide certain management and administrative services to it, on the terms of the 
Establishment Deed and the other Programme Documents. 
The principal activities of the Trust are set out in the Establishment Deed and include the acquisition, 
management and sale of, amongst other things, Mortgage Loans and the Related Security, the borrowing of 
moneys to fund the acquisition of such assets, the hedging of risks associated with such assets and such 
funding, the acquisition, management and sale of Substitution Assets and Authorised Investments, the giving 
of guarantees, the granting of security and any other business as the Trust Manager shall direct (with the prior 
written consent of the Security Trustee, prior to the release of the Security constituted by the Security Deed 
for as long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding). 
The Trust has not engaged since its establishment, and will not engage whilst the Covered Bonds or the 
Intercompany Loan remains outstanding, in any material activities other than activities incidental to its 
establishment, activities contemplated under the Programme Documents to which it is or will be a party and 
other matters which are incidental or ancillary to the foregoing. 
Beneficiaries 
The Residual Income Beneficiary and the Residual Capital Beneficiary of the Trust as at the date of this 
Prospectus is SAVY. 
Trust Manager 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Trust Manager is BNZ Facilities Management Limited. The registered 
office of the Trust Manager is Level 4, 80 Queen Street, Auckland 1010, New Zealand.  
Pursuant to the Establishment Deed, the Trust Manager will act as manager of the Trust and will provide 
certain administrative services required by the Trust pursuant to the Programme Documents. As compensation 
for the performance of the Trust Manager's obligations under the Establishment Deed and as reimbursement 
for its related expenses, the Trust Manager will be entitled to a fee which will be paid in accordance with the 
applicable Priority of Payments.  
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
The name and function of each of the directors of the Trust Manager are listed below: 
 
Penelope Jane Ford, Executive, Chief Customer Officer – Corporate & Institutional Banking, BNZ

--- Page 188 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
186 
 
 
 
Priyalal Mahes Liyanaduwa Hettige, Head of Balance Sheet Management, BNZ  
 
Craig Mclaren Brant, GM Management Assurance, Corporate & Institutional Banking, BNZ 
 
Anna Sylvy Harris, Head of Legal – Corporate & Institutional Banking, Markets & Wealth, BNZ 
As at the date of this Prospectus, there are no existing or potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed 
to BNZ Facilities Management Limited by its directors and the private interests or external duties of those 
directors.  
Delegation by the Trust Manager 
The Trust Manager may in performing its functions under the Establishment Deed and the other Programme 
Documents, delegate to any service provider the performance of any of its functions and appoint any person 
to be delegate or sub-delegate, in each case subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the 
Establishment Deed and the Management Agreement, as the case may be.  
Trend Information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Trust since 30 September 2022.  
Historical financial information 
The financial information relating to the Trust contained in this Prospectus has been prepared in accordance 
with New Zealand GAAP which is consistent with IFRS. New Zealand GAAP comprises NZ IFRS as 
appropriate for profit-oriented entities. The Financial Statements of the Trust, as prepared on behalf of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, in its capacity as Trustee of the Trust, for the financial years ended 30 September 
2021 and 30 September 2022, are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
See further "Documents Incorporated by Reference" above. 
Auditing of historical annual financial information 
The historical financial information described above has been audited. Please see the Independent Auditor’s 
Report attached to the Financial Statements of the Trust for the financial years ended 30 September 2021 and 
30 September 2022 respectively, as incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
No other information in this Prospectus has been audited by the auditors of the Trust. 
The auditor of the Trust is Ernst & Young, independent auditors, whose office is at Ernst & Young Building, 
2 Takutai Square, Britomart, Auckland 1010, New Zealand. Ernst & Young is registered under the New 
Zealand Auditor Regulation Act 2011. The partner who signs the audit report in the name of the firm is licensed 
under the New Zealand Auditor Regulation Act 2011. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Covered Bond Guarantor is aware) in the 12-month period before the date 
of this Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor's financial position or the profitability of the Covered Bond Guarantor.

--- Page 189 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
187 
 
 
No significant change and no material adverse change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor since 30 September 2022 (the date to which the latest audited published financial information of the 
Trust was prepared).   
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Covered Bond Guarantor since 30 September 
2022 (the date to which the latest audited published financial information of the Trust was prepared).

--- Page 190 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
188 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PRINCIPAL DOCUMENTS 
Bond Trust Deed 
The Bond Trust Deed entered into between, among others, the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the 
Bond Trustee on the Programme Date as supplemented on 5 November 2010, on 24 April 2013, 14 September 
2015, 20 June 2017, 28 May 2020, 25 May 2021 and 1 June 2022 is the principal agreement governing the 
Covered Bonds. The Bond Trust Deed contains provisions relating to: 
(a) 
the constitution of the Covered Bonds and the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (as more 
fully set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" below); 
(b) 
the covenants of the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
(c) 
the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee (as described below); 
(d) 
the enforcement procedures relating to the Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee; and 
(e) 
the appointment, powers and responsibilities of the Bond Trustee and the circumstances in which the 
Bond Trustee may resign or retire or be removed. 
The Covered Bond Guarantee 
The Covered Bond Guarantor has guaranteed to the Bond Trustee, for the benefit of Covered Bondholders, the 
prompt performance by the Issuer of its obligations to pay Guaranteed Amounts as and when the same shall 
become Due for Payment. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service by the Bond Trustee of an Issuer 
Acceleration Notice on the Issuer and a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor shall pay or procure to be paid on each Scheduled Payment Date (or on such later date provided for 
in the Bond Trust Deed) to or to the order of the Bond Trustee (for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders), 
an amount equal to those Guaranteed Amounts which shall have become Due for Payment in accordance with 
the terms of the Bond Trust Deed (or which would have become Due for Payment but for any variation, release 
or discharge of the Guaranteed Amounts), but which have not been paid by the Issuer to the relevant Covered 
Bondholder and/or Couponholders on the relevant date for payment provided that no Notice to Pay shall be so 
served until an Issuer Acceleration Notice has been served by the Bond Trustee on the Issuer. 
Following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and the service by the Bond Trustee 
of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor, in respect 
of the Covered Bonds of each Series which shall have become immediately due and repayable (or which would 
have become Due for Payment but for any variation, release or discharge of the Guaranteed Amounts), the 
Covered Bond Guarantor shall pay or procure to be paid to or to the order of the Bond Trustee (for the benefit 
of itself and the Covered Bondholders) in the manner described in the Bond Trust Deed), the Guaranteed 
Amounts. 
Subject to the grace periods specified in Condition 9(b) (Covered Bond Guarantor Events of Default), failure 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay the Guaranteed Amounts when Due for Payment will constitute a 
Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default. 
Covered Bond Guarantor not obliged to pay additional amounts 
All payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of the Covered Bonds and Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Covered Bond Guarantor will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any

--- Page 191 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
189 
 
 
present or future taxes, duties, assessment or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by 
or on behalf of the United Kingdom or New Zealand or any political sub-division thereof or by any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. If any such 
withholding or deduction is required, the Covered Bond Guarantor shall pay the Guaranteed Amounts net of 
such withholding or deduction and shall account to the appropriate tax authority for the amount required to be 
withheld or deducted. The Covered Bond Guarantor shall not be obliged to pay any additional amount to the 
Bond Trustee or any holder of Covered Bonds and/or Coupons in respect of the amount of such withholding 
or deduction. 
See further "Taxation". 
Covered Bond Guarantor as principal debtor and not merely as surety 
The Covered Bond Guarantor has agreed that its obligations under the Bond Trust Deed shall be as if it were 
principal debtor and not merely as surety or guarantor and shall be absolute and, following service of an Issuer 
Acceleration Notice and Notice to Pay or a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice, unconditional, 
irrespective of, and unaffected by, any invalidity, irregularity, illegality or unenforceability of, or defect in, 
any provisions of the Bond Trust Deed or any other Programme Document, or the absence of any action to 
enforce the same or the waiver, modification or consent by the Bond Trustee, any of the Covered Bondholders 
or Couponholders in respect of any provisions of the same or the obtaining of any judgment or decree against 
the Issuer or any action to enforce the same or any other circumstances which might otherwise constitute a 
legal or equitable discharge or defence of a guarantor.  
Application of moneys 
All moneys (other than Excess Proceeds, as described below) received by the Bond Trustee under the Bond 
Trust Deed from the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Covered Bond Guarantor or any administrator, 
administrative receiver, receiver, liquidator, trustee in sequestration or other similar official appointed in 
relation to the Issuer and/or the Covered Bond Guarantor (including any moneys which represent principal or 
interest in respect of Covered Bonds or Coupons which have become void or in respect of which claims have 
become prescribed under Condition 8 (Prescription) and including the proceeds of any enforcement of the 
Security) shall, unless and to the extent attributable, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, to a particular Series 
of the Covered Bonds, be apportioned pari passu and rateably between each Series of the Covered Bonds, and 
all moneys received by the Bond Trustee under the Trust Presents from the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to the extent attributable in the opinion of the Bond Trustee to a particular Series of 
the Covered Bonds or which are apportioned to such Series as aforesaid, be held by the Bond Trustee upon 
trust to apply them (subject to the Bond Trustee's power under the Bond Trust Deed to invest such moneys 
pending payment): 
(a) 
First: (except in relation to any such moneys received by the Bond Trustee following the occurrence 
of an Issuer Event of Default and the service by the Bond Trustee of an Issuer Acceleration Notice 
and a Notice to Pay) in payment or satisfaction of all amounts of remuneration and indemnification 
then due and unpaid under the Bond Trust Deed to the Bond Trustee and/or any appointee; 
(b) 
Secondly: in or towards payment pari passu and rateably of all principal and interest then due and 
unpaid in respect of the Covered Bonds of that Series; 
(c) 
Thirdly: in or towards payment pari passu and rateably of all principal and interest then due and unpaid 
in respect of the Covered Bonds of each other Series; and 
(d) 
Fourthly: in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer (to the extent received from the Issuer) or 
the Covered Bond Guarantor (if received from the Covered Bond Guarantor).

--- Page 192 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
190 
 
 
Excess Proceeds 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the delivery of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and 
Notice to Pay, any Excess Proceeds which are received by the Bond Trustee from the Issuer or any receiver, 
liquidator, administrator, or other similar official appointed in relation to the Issuer and are then held by it or 
under its control shall be paid by the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Covered Bondholders of the relevant Series 
to the Covered Bond Guarantor for its own account, as soon as practicable, and shall be held by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor in the GIC Account and the Excess Proceeds shall thereafter form part of the Security and 
shall be used by the Covered Bond Guarantor in the same manner as all other moneys from time to time 
standing to the credit of the GIC Account pursuant to the Security Deed and the Establishment Deed. Any 
Excess Proceeds received by the Bond Trustee and held by it or under its control shall discharge pro tanto the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds and Coupons (as applicable and to the extent of the 
amount so received and subject to restitution of the same if such Excess Proceeds shall be required to be repaid 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor) (but shall be deemed not to have done so for the purposes of subrogation 
rights of the Covered Bond Guarantor contemplated by the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Bond Trust 
Deed). However, the obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee are 
(following service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and Notice to Pay or if earlier, service of a Covered Bond 
Guarantee Acceleration Notice) unconditional and irrevocable and the receipt by, or on behalf of, the Bond 
Trustee of any Excess Proceeds shall not reduce or discharge any such obligations. 
By subscribing for Covered Bonds, each Covered Bondholder shall be deemed to have irrevocably directed 
the Bond Trustee to pay the Excess Proceeds to the Covered Bond Guarantor in the manner as described above. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders out of 
the Excess Proceeds, shall reduce the Guaranteed Amounts pro tanto. 
The Bond Trust Deed is governed by English law. 
Intercompany Loan Agreement 
On each Issue Date, the Intercompany Loan Provider will make a Term Advance to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor in an amount equal to either (i) if a Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap is entered into on 
the relevant Issue Date, the Principal Amount Outstanding on the Issue Date of each Series or, as applicable, 
each Tranche of Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds 
or (ii) if a Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap is entered into on the relevant Issue Date, the NZ Dollar 
Equivalent of the Principal Amount Outstanding on the Issue Date of each Series or, as applicable, each 
Tranche of Covered Bonds, and for a matching term. Each Term Advance will be used by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (if not denominated in NZ Dollars upon exchange into NZ Dollars under the applicable Covered 
Bond Swap): (A) if a New Mortgage Loan Portfolio is being acquired in connection with the issue of the 
related Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds (i) to fund (in whole or in part) the Purchase Price of the New 
Mortgage Loan Portfolio from the Seller in accordance with the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement;  and/or 
(ii) to invest in Substitution Assets in an amount not exceeding the prescribed limit to the extent required to 
meet the Asset Coverage Test; and thereafter or otherwise the Covered Bond Guarantor may use such proceeds 
(subject to complying with the Asset Coverage Test): (B) if an existing Series or Tranche or part of an existing 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is being refinanced by the issue of a further Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds to which the Term Advance relates, to repay the Term Advance(s) corresponding to the Covered Bonds 
being so refinanced (after exchange into the currency of the Term Advance(s) being repaid, if necessary); 
and/or (C) to make a repayment of the Demand Loan, provided that the Calculation Manager has determined 
the outstanding balance of the Demand Loan by calculating the Asset Coverage Test as at the Intercompany 
Loan Drawdown Date having taken into account such repayment and the Calculation Manager has confirmed 
that the Asset Coverage Test will continue to be met after giving effect to such repayment; and/or (D) to make 
a deposit of all or part of the proceeds into the GIC Account (including, without limitation, to fund the Reserve 
Fund).

--- Page 193 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
191 
 
 
The Issuer will not be relying on repayment of any Term Advance in order to meet its repayment obligations 
under the Covered Bonds. The Covered Bond Guarantor will pay amounts due in respect of Term Advances 
in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. Prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, amounts due in respect of each Term Advance will be paid by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
to, or as directed by, the Intercompany Loan Provider on each Intercompany Loan Interest Payment Date, 
subject to paying all higher ranking amounts in the Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments or, as 
applicable, the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments. Any failure by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
to pay any amounts due on the Term Advances will not affect the liability of the Issuer to pay the relevant 
amount due on the Covered Bonds.  
Any amounts owing by the Intercompany Loan Provider (as Issuer or Guarantor of a particular Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds (as the case may be)) to the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of amounts paid 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee in relation to the particular Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds or the purchase of the particular Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, as applicable, 
shall be set-off automatically (and without any action being required by the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust 
Manager, the Calculation Manager, the Intercompany Loan Provider, the Demand Loan Provider or the 
Security Trustee) against any amounts payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Intercompany Loan 
Agreement in relation to the Term Advance corresponding to that Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, and 
under the Demand Loan Agreement as described below. The amount set-off shall be the amount of the relevant 
payment made by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee in relation to the relevant 
Covered Bonds (or the NZ Dollar Equivalent of such amount if the related Term Advance is denominated in 
NZ Dollars and the relevant Covered Bonds are not denominated in NZ Dollars) or the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of any relevant Covered Bonds purchased or otherwise acquired and cancelled in accordance with 
Condition 6(g) or Condition 6(h) (or the NZ Dollar Equivalent of such amount if the related Term Advance is 
denominated in NZ Dollars and the relevant Covered Bonds are not denominated in NZ Dollars), as applicable, 
which amount shall be applied to reduce amounts payable under the Intercompany Loan Agreement in relation 
to the Term Advance corresponding to the relevant Covered Bonds and under the Demand Loan Agreement 
in the following order of priority: 
(a) 
first, to reduce and discharge interest (including accrued interest) due and unpaid on the outstanding 
principal balance of such Term Advance; 
(b) 
second, to reduce and discharge the outstanding principal balance of such Term Advance; 
(c) 
third, to reduce and discharge any other amounts due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor to 
the Intercompany Loan Provider under the Intercompany Loan Agreement; and 
(d) 
fourth, to reduce and discharge amounts due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor to the 
Demand Loan Provider under the Demand Loan Agreement (see below). 
The Intercompany Loan Agreement is governed by New Zealand law. 
Demand Loan Agreement 
Under the Demand Loan Agreement, the Demand Loan Provider has agreed to make available to the Covered 
Bond Guarantor a NZ Dollar revolving credit facility under which the Demand Loan Provider may make 
Demand Loan Advances to the Covered Bond Guarantor. Each Demand Loan Advance will be denominated 
in NZ Dollars. The interest rate on the Demand Loan will be equal to the Bank Bill Rate for three month NZ 
Dollar deposits plus a spread to be determined by the Demand Loan Provider. The balance of the Demand 
Loan will fluctuate over time, as described below.  
The proceeds of each Demand Loan Advance may only be used by, or on behalf of, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (i) as consideration (in whole or in part) for the acquisition of Mortgage Loans and Related Security

--- Page 194 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
192 
 
 
from the Seller on a Transfer Date where the aggregate proceeds of the related Term Advance (if any) made 
on that date and/or (subject to clause 11.4 of the Establishment Deed) the Available Principal Receipts are not 
sufficient to pay the Purchase Price for the relevant New Mortgage Loan Portfolio; (ii) to repay a Term 
Advance on the date on which the Series of Covered Bonds corresponding to such Term Advance matures; 
(iii) to prevent or rectify a failure to meet the Asset Coverage Test; (iv) to rectify a breach of the Pre-Maturity 
Test; or (v) to rectify an Interest Rate Shortfall. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor shall repay the principal on the Demand Loan in accordance with the applicable 
Priority of Payments and the terms of the Demand Loan Agreement and the Establishment Deed, using (i) 
funds in the Transaction Accounts; and/or (ii) proceeds from the sale of Substitution Assets and/or Authorised 
Investments; and/or (iii) proceeds of the sale, pursuant to the Establishment Deed, of Mortgage Loans and the 
Related Security to the Seller or to another person subject to the Sellers right of pre-emption; and/or (iv) the 
proceeds of a Term Advance pursuant to the terms of the Intercompany Loan Agreement (see "Cashflows" 
below).  
At any time prior to an Issuer Event of Default and provided the conditions precedent have been satisfied, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor may re-borrow any amount of the Demand Loan repaid by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor in accordance with the Demand Loan Agreement and the relevant Priority of Payments. Unless 
otherwise agreed by the Demand Loan Provider, no further Demand Loan Advances will be made to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor under the Demand Loan Facility following an Issuer Event of Default. 
If a demand for repayment of all or part of the Demand Loan is given, then subject to the applicable Priority 
of Payments, the principal amount of the Demand Loan shall be repaid on the next Trust Payment Date by an 
amount equal to the lesser of: (a) the amount requested to be repaid by the Demand Loan Provider; and (b) the 
maximum amount (as calculated by the Calculation Manager) that will not result in a breach of the Asset 
Coverage Test after giving effect to such repayment. If on any Trust Payment Date the Asset Coverage Test 
will be breached after giving effect to a repayment of the Demand Loan, no amount will be repayable on the 
Demand Loan on such date.  
The NZ Dollar Equivalent of any amounts owing by the Demand Loan Provider (as Issuer or Guarantor of a 
particular Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds (as the case may be)) to the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect 
of amounts paid by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee in relation to the 
particular Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds or the purchase of the particular Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, as applicable, which are not set-off in accordance with the order of priority contained in paragraphs (a) 
to (c) of the description of the Intercompany Loan Agreement (set out above) shall be set-off automatically 
(and without any action being required by the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the Calculation 
Manager, the Intercompany Loan Provider or the Security Trustee) against any amounts payable by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor under the Demand Loan Agreement in the following order of priority: 
(a) 
first, to reduce and discharge interest (including accrued interest) due and unpaid on the Demand Loan; 
(b) 
second, to reduce and discharge the outstanding principal balance of the Demand Loan; and 
(c) 
third, to reduce and discharge any other amounts due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor to 
the Demand Loan Provider under the Demand Loan Agreement. 
The Demand Loan Agreement is governed by New Zealand law.

--- Page 195 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
193 
 
 
Mortgage Sale Agreement 
The Seller 
Mortgage Loans and the Related Security have been and will be sold to the Covered Bond Guarantor from 
time to time on a fully serviced basis pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement entered into on 
the Programme Date between, among others, BNZ (in its capacities as Seller, Calculation Manager, Issuer, 
Guarantor, Servicer, Interest Rate Swap Provider and All Moneys Mortgage Beneficiary), the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Trust Manager and the Security Trustee. 
Sale by the Seller of Mortgage Loans and Related Security 
The Mortgage Loan Portfolio will consist of Mortgage Loans and the Related Security sold from time to time 
by the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement. 
The types of Mortgage Loans forming part of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio will vary over time provided that 
the Mortgage Loans are Qualifying Mortgage Loans (as described below) on the relevant Transfer Date. 
Accordingly, New Mortgage Loans sold by the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor on a Transfer Date may 
have characteristics that differ from Mortgage Loans already in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio as at that date. 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default or a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor will acquire Mortgage Loans and Related Security from the Seller in the four 
circumstances described below: 
(a) 
first, in relation to the issue of Covered Bonds from time to time in accordance with the Programme 
or the prudent maintenance of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, the proceeds of a Demand Loan Advance 
and/or a Term Advance (after being swapped into NZ Dollars at the applicable Swap Rate if the Term 
Advance is not denominated in NZ Dollars), together with (if applicable) any Available Principal 
Receipts available for that purpose, may be applied in whole or in part by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
to acquire Mortgage Loans and the Related Security from the Seller on the relevant Transfer Date;   
(b) 
second, pursuant to clause 4.3 of the Mortgage Sale Agreement, if at any time prior to the service of 
an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice (which has not been revoked) both: 
(i) 
the amount of Available Principal Receipts available for distribution on the immediately 
following Trust Payment Date exceeds the amount required to be applied under paragraphs 
(a) to (d) inclusive of the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments; and  
(ii) 
the Trust Manager considers (having regard to the composition of the Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio, and the amount of Substitution Assets and Authorised Investments held by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, at that time) that all or part of the Available Principal Receipts 
remaining after application under paragraphs (a) to (d) inclusive of the Pre-Acceleration 
Principal Priority of Payments should be utilised to acquire New Mortgage Loans and the 
Related Security,  
then the Covered Bond Guarantor shall use the Available Principal Receipts to acquire New Mortgage 
Loans and Related Security from the Seller on a Calculation Date (but with the purchase price being 
paid on the immediately succeeding Trust Payment Date (as described below));  
(c) 
third, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Seller are required to ensure that the Adjusted Aggregate 
Mortgage Loan Amount is maintained at all times in compliance with the Asset Coverage Test (as 
determined by the Calculation Manager on each Calculation Date). If on any Calculation Date the 
Adjusted Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount is less than the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds the Seller will use all reasonable efforts to offer

--- Page 196 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
194 
 
 
to sell sufficient New Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to the Covered Bond Guarantor so the 
Asset Coverage Test is met on or before the next Calculation Date; and 
(d) 
fourth, if the Servicer notifies the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Seller that the Interest Rate 
Shortfall Test has not been met and the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Security Trustee notify the 
Servicer and the Seller that further Mortgage Loans and the Related Security should be sold to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to rectify the Interest Rate Shortfall the Seller will use all reasonable efforts 
to offer to sell in accordance with the Mortgage Sale Agreement sufficient New Mortgage Loans and 
the Related Security to the Covered Bond Guarantor on or before the next succeeding Calculation Date 
to rectify the Interest Rate Shortfall on that Calculation Date. 
In exchange for the sale of the Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the 
Seller will receive a cash payment of the purchase price equal to the Current Principal Balance of those 
Mortgage Loans sold by it as at the Transfer Date.  
The Seller and the Covered Bond Guarantor may agree that all or part of the purchase price for each New 
Mortgage Loan Portfolio shall be set-off against any amount payable on the Transfer Date by BNZ as 
Intercompany Loan Provider and/or Demand Loan Provider under the Intercompany Loan Agreement and/or 
the Demand Loan Agreement. 
The purchase price for a New Mortgage Loan Portfolio shall be paid on the applicable Transfer Date, unless 
the sale is occurring in accordance with clause 4.3 of the Mortgage Sale Agreement (as described in (b) above), 
in which case the purchase price shall be paid on the immediately succeeding Trust Payment Date by the 
application of Available Principal Receipts in accordance with the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of 
Payments. 
The Seller will also be required to repurchase Mortgage Loans and the Related Security sold to the Covered 
Bond Guarantor in the circumstances described below under "Repurchase of Mortgage Loans". 
Qualifying Mortgage Loans 
The sale of Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to the Covered Bond Guarantor will be subject to various 
conditions being satisfied on the relevant Transfer Date, including that each Mortgage Loan is a Qualifying 
Mortgage Loan. A Qualifying Mortgage Loan is a Mortgage Loan that satisfies the following conditions: 
(a) 
it is due from a Qualifying Borrower; 
(b) 
it is repayable in NZ Dollars; 
(c) 
the term of the Mortgage Loan does not exceed 30 years; 
(d) 
it is freely capable of being dealt with by the Seller as contemplated by the Mortgage Sale Agreement 
and any New Mortgage Loan Portfolio Notice; 
(e) 
each Mortgage Loan is secured by a Mortgage over Property in New Zealand which is either: 
(i) 
a registered first ranking mortgage; or 
(ii) 
a registered second ranking mortgage where: 
(A) 
there are two mortgages over the Property securing the Mortgage Loan and the Seller 
is the registered first mortgagee; and

--- Page 197 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
195 
 
 
(B) 
the registered first ranking mortgage is also being or has been acquired by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor; 
(f) 
the Property subject to a Mortgage has erected on it a residential dwelling which is not under 
construction (excluding renovations permitted by the terms of the Mortgage Loan);  
(g) 
the Mortgage Loan is not a Defaulted Mortgage Loan; and 
(h) 
its Current Principal Balance then outstanding does not exceed $2,500,000. 
On each Transfer Date, the Representations and Warranties (described below in "Representations and 
Warranties") will be given by the Seller in respect of the Mortgage Loans and the Related Security sold by the 
Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor on that Transfer Date. 
Transfer of Title to the Mortgage Loans to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
Mortgage Loans will be sold by the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor by way of statutory assignment. 
Notice of the sale will not be initially provided to the Borrowers. Mortgages will be sold by the Seller to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor by way of equitable assignment.  
The completion and delivery of transfers of Mortgages to the Covered Bond Guarantor and the notifications 
to the relevant Borrowers notifying such Borrowers of the sale of Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio and the Related Security to the Covered Bond Guarantor and the transfer of custody of the Mortgage 
Loan Files to the Covered Bond Guarantor may be completed by the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust 
Manager on its behalf, after the earliest to occur of the following events (Title Perfection Events): 
(a) 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service on the Issuer of an Issuer Acceleration 
Notice and the service on the Covered Bond Guarantor of a Notice to Pay unless the Seller has notified 
the Covered Bond Guarantor that it will accept the offer set out in a Selected Mortgage Loan Offer 
Notice within the prescribed time in relation to the Mortgage Loans and the Related Security specified 
in the Selected Mortgage Loan Offer Notice, in which case, the completion and delivery of transfers 
to the Covered Bond Guarantor and the notifications to the relevant Borrowers and the transfer of 
custody shall not occur in relation to the Mortgage Loans and the Related Security as specified; or 
(b) 
in respect of Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security only, at the request of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf, following the acceptance of an offer to sell the 
Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security (in accordance with the Programme Documents) 
to any person who is not the Seller; or 
(c) 
the Seller and/or the Covered Bond Guarantor being required to perfect legal title to the Mortgage 
Loans and the Related Security by law or by an order of a court of competent jurisdiction; or 
(d) 
the Security under the Security Deed or any material part of the Security being in the opinion of the 
Security Trustee (acting reasonably) in jeopardy and the Security Trustee determining or being 
required by the Bond Trustee or, if there are no Covered Bonds outstanding, the Majority Secured 
Creditors, to take that action to reduce that jeopardy; or 
(e) 
the termination of BNZ's role as Servicer under the Servicing Agreement unless (i) at the relevant date 
of termination any Substitute Servicer is a member of the NAB Group or (ii) the Security Trustee 
otherwise consents (such consent to be given if the Rating Agencies have confirmed to the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and the Security Trustee that the termination of BNZ's role as Servicer would not 
adversely affect the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds); or

--- Page 198 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
196 
 
 
(f) 
the Seller requesting a transfer by giving notice in writing to the Covered Bond Guarantor and the 
Security Trustee; or  
(g) 
the occurrence of an Insolvency Event in relation to the Seller; or 
(h) 
the Seller's unsecured, unsubordinated, long-term senior debt obligations have been downgraded 
below Baa2 by Moody's or BBB- by Fitch. 
The Seller undertakes (to the extent that any of the following is vested in it) to hold all right, title, interest and 
benefit (both present and future) in and under (i) the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and the 
Related Security, following the acquisition of such Mortgage Loans and the Related Security by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and (ii) any sums that are or may become due in respect thereof, on trust for the Covered 
Bond Guarantor (excluding from such trust any Mortgage Loans which have been repurchased by the Seller). 
On the Programme Date, the Seller delivered a registrable power of attorney appointing the Covered Bond 
Guarantor as its attorney, with full powers of substitution, to: (i) sign, execute, deliver and submit by way of 
e-dealing any client authority and instruction form for an e-dealing that conforms with the Land Transfer Act 
1952 and is approved by the New Zealand Law Society and the Registrar General of Land (A&I Form) relating 
to any Mortgage Loans in accordance with the Mortgage Sale Agreement; and (ii) sign and/or perform all other 
instruments, assurances, acts, matters and things which in the opinion of the Seller and the Covered Bond 
Guarantor or any person who replaces the Covered Bond Guarantor as trustee of the Trust (as conclusively 
evidenced by the execution or performance by the Covered Bond Guarantor of any instrument, assurance, act, 
matter or thing) are or may be necessary, incidental or desirable in relation to the execution, sealing, delivery 
or submission of an A&I Form or any other step necessary to perfect the Covered Bond Guarantor's legal title 
to the Mortgage Loans. The power of attorney will not be exercisable by the Covered Bond Guarantor until 
the occurrence of a Title Perfection Event. Upon the occurrence of a Title Perfection Event, the Servicer must 
deliver to or at the written direction of the Covered Bond Guarantor all Mortgage Loan Files, and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor must as soon as practicable take all necessary steps to protect the Covered Bond Guarantor's 
interest in, and title to, the Mortgage Loans and the Related Security, including: (i) signing, in accordance with 
the New Zealand Law Society guidelines, the necessary A&I Forms (where necessary under the Seller's Power 
of Attorney) and submitting by way of e-dealing any transfer or caveat with LINZ; (ii) initiating legal 
proceedings to take possession of the Mortgage Loan Files that have not been delivered by the Servicer; and 
(iii) the giving of notice of the transfers to the relevant Borrowers, insurers and other interested persons. 
The Seller shall indemnify each of the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Security Trustee from and against any 
and all costs, fees and expenses (including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses and any applicable GST 
thereon) which may be properly incurred by the Covered Bond Guarantor and/or the Security Trustee by reason 
of doing any act, matter or thing in order to perfect legal title to the Mortgage Loans and the Related Security 
(where entitled to do so as provided above) including, without limitation, those relating to the discharge of any 
Security Interests in favour of a third party which have not been postponed to a Further Advance. 
Representations and Warranties 
Neither the Covered Bond Guarantor nor the Security Trustee has made or has caused to be made on its behalf 
any enquiries, searches or investigations in respect of the Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to be sold 
to the Covered Bond Guarantor. Instead, each will rely entirely on the Representations and Warranties made 
by the Seller and contained in the Mortgage Sale Agreement. The Seller's Representations and Warranties in 
relation to a Mortgage Loan sold or to be sold to the Covered Bond Guarantor include substantially the 
following: 
(a) 
At the time the Seller entered into the Mortgage Loan the related Mortgage and each Related Security 
complied with all applicable laws.

--- Page 199 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
197 
 
 
(b) 
The Mortgage Loan was originated by the Seller in accordance with its Servicing Procedures in force 
at the time of the origination of the Mortgage Loan and the exercise of any discretion by the Seller in 
making the Mortgage Loan was consistent with the practice of a Prudent Mortgage Lender. 
(c) 
Immediately prior to making the Mortgage Loan, the nature and amount of the Mortgage Loan and the 
Related Security and the circumstances of the relevant Borrower and the relevant Property satisfied 
the Servicing Procedures in all material respects. 
(d) 
The Servicing Procedures of the Seller are consistent with those of a Prudent Mortgage Lender. 
(e) 
The terms of the Mortgage Loan, the related Mortgage and any Related Security, have not been 
impaired, waived, altered or modified in any respect, except by a written instrument forming part of 
the mortgage documentation applicable to the Mortgage Loan. 
(f) 
The Mortgage Loan and its Related Security have been made on the terms of, or on terms not materially 
different from, documents forming part of the standard mortgage documentation of the Seller and the 
Mortgage Conditions applying to the Mortgage Loan have not been varied in any material respect 
since the date of completion of the Mortgage Loan, other than as required to comply with any 
applicable law or regulation. 
(g) 
The Mortgage Loan, the related Mortgage and any Related Security are enforceable in accordance 
with their terms against the relevant Borrower or security provider (as the case may be) (subject to 
laws relating to insolvency and creditors' rights generally). 
(h) 
The Mortgage Loan is a Qualifying Mortgage Loan except that the Seller makes no representation as 
to the sanity of any Borrower. 
(i) 
The Mortgage Loan was originated in the ordinary course of the residential secured lending activities 
of the Seller. 
(j) 
At the time the Seller entered into the Mortgage Loan, it had not received any notice of the insolvency 
or bankruptcy of the Borrower or that the Borrower did not have the legal capacity to enter into the 
Mortgage Loan. 
(k) 
The Seller is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the Mortgage Loan, the related Mortgage and any 
other Related Security, and no Security Interest exists in relation to its right, title and interests in the 
Mortgage Loan, the related Mortgage and any other Related Security, and the Seller has not received 
notice from any person that claims to have a Security Interest ranking in priority to or equal with the 
related Mortgage or Related Security (other than Security Interests arising by operation of law and any 
Secondary Security). 
(l) 
To the best of the Seller's knowledge and belief it holds, or it is able to obtain, all documents (whether 
in paper or electronic form) necessary to enforce the provisions of, and the security created by, the 
related Mortgage and each Related Security. 
(m) 
The Seller has complied with its material obligations under the Mortgage Loan. 
(n) 
The Mortgage Loan is (or is a combination of) a fixed rate Mortgage Loan or a variable rate Mortgage 
Loan. If it is a variable rate Mortgage Loan, the terms of the Mortgage Loan allow the Seller to change 
the applicable variable rate in accordance with the applicable Mortgage Conditions. 
(o) 
Except if the Mortgage Loan is subject to a fixed rate of interest at any time and, except as may be 
provided by applicable laws or any binding code or arrangement applicable to banks or other lenders

--- Page 200 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
198 
 
 
in the business of making retail home loans, the interest payable on the Mortgage Loan is not subject 
to any limitation and no consent, additional memoranda or other writing is required from the Borrower 
to give effect to a change in the interest rate payable on the relevant Mortgage Loan and any change 
will be effective on notice being given to the Borrower in accordance with the Mortgage Conditions. 
(p) 
Prior to making the Mortgage Loan, the Seller instructed, or required to be instructed on its behalf, 
solicitors or conveyancing practitioners to carry out, in relation to the relevant Property, all 
investigations, searches and other actions and enquiries which a Prudent Mortgage Lender or its 
solicitors or conveyancing practitioners normally would have made when lending to an individual an 
amount equal to the amount advanced on the security of residential property in New Zealand as 
permitted under the Servicing Procedures, and received a solicitor’s certificate which, either initially 
or after further investigation, revealed no material matter which would have caused a Prudent 
Mortgage Lender to decline the Mortgage Loan, having regard to the Servicing Procedures. 
(q) 
Prior to making the Mortgage Loan, and where required under the relevant Servicing Procedures the 
relevant Property was valued in accordance with the Servicing Procedures and, where the Servicing 
Procedures required a full registered valuation, by an independent registered valuer chosen from the 
panel of valuers from time to time appointed by the Seller or as otherwise permitted under the 
Servicing Procedures, and the results of each such valuation would be acceptable to a Prudent 
Mortgage Lender. 
(r) 
The Seller has not agreed to waive any of its rights against any valuer, solicitor, conveyancing 
practitioner or other professional who has provided information, carried out work or given advice in 
connection with the Mortgage Loan or its Related Security. 
(s) 
Except in the case of Cash Redraws, there is no obligation on the Seller under the Mortgage Loan to 
make any further advance to the relevant Borrower. 
(t) 
Each Mortgage Loan and its Related Security complies with the relevant requirements for credit 
contracts and consumer credit contracts in the CCA and the CCCFA (to the extent those statutes are 
applicable to the Mortgage Loan and its Related Security) (or to the extent that it does not, the non-
compliance will not affect the enforceability of the terms of the Mortgage Loan or the Related 
Security). 
(u) 
The Seller has not been notified of any application to a court in respect of any Mortgage Loan or other 
document included in the Mortgage Loan Files by the Commerce Commission or any Borrower or 
guarantor under the CCCFA: 
(i) 
for the annulment or reduction of a fee in accordance with Part 2, subpart 6 of the CCCFA; or 
(ii) 
to reopen a credit contract in accordance with section 125 of the CCCFA. 
(v) 
So far as the Seller is aware, the relevant Borrower is not in material breach of the terms of the 
Mortgage Loan. 
(w) 
None of the provisions of the agreement in respect of the Mortgage Loan were (at the time any such 
agreement was entered into) or have since been waived, altered or modified except a change to the 
terms of the Mortgage Loan to which a reasonable and prudent mortgage lender would have agreed. 
(x) 
The Seller has taken such steps as a Prudent Mortgage Lender would take to ensure that, at the date of 
completion of the Mortgage Loan, the relevant Property was insured under a policy with an insurance 
company against fire and other commercial risks usually covered by a Prudent Mortgage Lender for

--- Page 201 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
199 
 
 
an amount not less than the full reinstatement value of the Property at or around the time that the 
Mortgage Loan was made. 
(y) 
The relevant Property subject to a Mortgage is a residential property situated in New Zealand. 
(z) 
In respect of each Property subject to a Mortgage, the Seller has received a solicitor's certificate stating 
that the Mortgage will on settlement create a registrable interest in the Property as required by the 
Seller in its instructions to the solicitor. 
(aa) 
Since the origination of the Mortgage Loan, full and proper accounts, books and records have been 
kept showing clearly all material transactions, payments, receipts, notices and proceedings relating to 
the Mortgage Loan and its Related Security and all such accounts, books and records are up to date, 
accurate in all material respects and have been kept to standards acceptable to a Prudent Mortgage 
Lender and are in the possession of the Seller. 
(bb) 
So far as the Seller is aware, no fraud has been perpetrated by the relevant Borrower or other person 
(whether or not an agent or staff member of the Seller, or otherwise) in or in relation to or in connection 
with the origination or completion of the Mortgage Loan or its Related Security and none of the 
documents, reports, applications, forms and deeds given, made, drawn up or executed in relation to 
such origination or completion has been given, made, drawn up or executed in a fraudulent manner. 
(cc) 
The Seller has not received written notice of any litigation or claim calling into question in any material 
way the title of the Seller to the Mortgage Loan and/or the Related Security. 
(dd) 
The Seller is lawfully entitled to assign the Mortgage Loan, the related Mortgage and any other Related 
Security, upon the terms and conditions of the Mortgage Sale Agreement and no consent to the sale 
and assignment of the Mortgage Loan, the related Mortgage and any other Related Security, or notice 
of that sale and assignment is required to be given by or to any person including, without limitation, 
any Borrower and such sale and assignment of the Mortgage Loan, the related Mortgage and any other 
Related Security is permitted under the Mortgage Conditions and the terms of the related Mortgage 
and any other Related Security. 
(ee) 
Upon the acceptance of the offer contained in a New Mortgage Loan Portfolio Notice, beneficial 
ownership of the Mortgage Loan, the related Mortgage and any other Related Security, will vest in the 
Covered Bond Guarantor free and clear of all Security Interests (other than Security Interests arising 
by operation of law and any Secondary Security). 
(ff) 
Neither the entry by the Seller into the Mortgage Sale Agreement nor the sale of the rights, title, 
interests and benefits in the Mortgage Loans and the Related Security contemplated by the Mortgage 
Sale Agreement will have a material adverse effect on any Mortgage Loan or its Related Security. 
(gg) 
All formal approvals, consents and other steps necessary to permit the sale of the Mortgage Loan and 
the Related Security under the Mortgage Sale Agreement have been obtained or taken. 
(hh) 
The Mortgage Conditions preserve the Seller's ability to appropriate moneys paid into an account by 
a Borrower in such way as the Seller determines. 
(ii) 
The Mortgage Loan was entered into in New Zealand. 
(jj) 
The relevant Borrower is not associated with the Covered Bond Guarantor. "Associated" for this 
purpose has the same meaning as in subpart YB of the Tax Act.

--- Page 202 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
200 
 
 
All Moneys Mortgage Trust 
The Mortgage in respect of a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio may constitute an "all money 
mortgage" in that such Mortgage purports to secure the repayment of indebtedness which a Borrower owes, or 
may owe, to the Seller, as applicable, from time to time that is not assigned to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
(such as business loans) (Associated Debt) as well as securing the repayment of the Mortgage Loan (each, an 
All Moneys Mortgage). Pursuant to a trust to be established on the date that an All Moneys Mortgage is 
assigned by the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor (each such trust, an All Moneys Mortgage Trust), the 
Covered Bond Guarantor will hold the beneficial interest in such All Moneys Mortgage and the proceeds of 
enforcement of such All Moneys Mortgage on trust for the benefit of itself and the Seller, as applicable, (such 
property being the All Moneys Mortgage Trust Property). Each of the Covered Bond Guarantor and the 
Seller, as applicable, will have an interest in the trust property, but in the event that enforcement proceedings 
are instituted against a Borrower under the terms of the All Moneys Mortgage, any proceeds which are 
available to be distributed will be distributed under the terms of the All Moneys Mortgage Trust, first, to meet 
all costs, charges and expenses of the All Moneys Mortgage Trustee (being the Covered Bond Guarantor), the 
Trust Manager or the relevant mortgagee or any receiver, receiver and manager or attorney incurred in the 
enforcement of the Mortgage Loan and the Related Security; second, to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the 
amount required to pay, in full, the Current Principal Balance of each related Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage 
Loan Portfolio together with Accrued Interest and Arrears of Interest and expenses payable, the payment of 
which is secured by the All Moneys Mortgage; third, following the repayment in full of the amounts referred 
to above, to the Seller the amount required to pay, in full, all amounts due and payable under the related 
Associated Debt (including accrued interest and any other amounts due in respect thereof), the payment of 
which is secured by the All Moneys Mortgage; and fourth, as to any excess, to the Borrower of the relevant 
All Moneys Mortgage. An All Moneys Mortgage may be enforceable on the occurrence of a default by the 
relevant Borrower of the terms of the Mortgage Loan or of the terms of the Associated Debt. The Covered 
Bond Guarantor or, following the service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice, the Security 
Trustee may not dispose of, or create an interest in, an All Moneys Mortgage that secures Associated Debt of 
the Seller, or the Mortgage Loan secured by that All Moneys Mortgage, unless the terms of any agreement 
with respect to the disposal of, or the creation of the interest in, the All Moneys Mortgage or the Mortgage 
Loan (except where the agreement is with the Seller) includes trust back undertakings by the relevant third 
party acquirer on the same terms as those contained in the Mortgage Sale Agreement which are in favour of, 
and enforceable by, the Seller and any third party purchaser of the All Moneys Mortgage unless expressly 
agreed otherwise by the Seller. 
Repurchase by the Seller following breach of Representations and Warranties 
If the Seller receives a Mortgage Loan Repurchase Notice from the Covered Bond Guarantor identifying a 
Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio which did not, as at the relevant Transfer Date, materially 
comply with the Representations and Warranties set out in the Mortgage Sale Agreement, then the Seller will 
be required to repurchase any such Mortgage Loan and the Related Security, unless the Related Security also 
secures another Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio. The repurchase price payable for each 
Mortgage Loan will be an amount equal to (if the Interest Rate Swap Provider is the Seller) the Current 
Principal Balance of such Mortgage Loan as at the date of repurchase plus all Accrued Interest and Arrears of 
Interest and expenses payable as at the date of completion, or (if the Interest Rate Swap Provider is not the 
Seller) the market value of the Mortgage Loan as at the date of completion. The repurchase proceeds received 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor will be applied (other than Accrued Interest and Arrears of Interest and 
expenses payable) in accordance with the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments (see "Cashflows" 
below).

--- Page 203 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
201 
 
 
Product Switches, Further Advances and Cash Redraws  
A Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio will be subject to a Product Switch when the Seller agrees 
to a variation in the Mortgage Conditions applicable to a Borrower's Mortgage Loan and/or moving a Borrower 
to an alternative mortgage product, including a change in Product Type.  
If the Seller agrees to make a Product Switch in relation to a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio 
the Covered Bond Guarantor shall be required to sell and the Seller shall be required to repurchase the 
Mortgage Loan and (if applicable) the Related Security on the next Calculation Date to occur after the Product 
Switch by the Seller serving a Seller Mortgage Loan Repurchase Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
unless: 
(a) 
the Product Switch is a change to another Product Type which at that time has been approved for 
acceptance by the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Trust Manager on its behalf; or 
(b) 
the Seller has obtained the written agreement of the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Trust Manager on 
its behalf that the Mortgage Loan may remain in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor is under no obligation whatsoever to agree that a Mortgage Loan to which an 
offer of a Product Switch relates may remain in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, and any such decision shall be 
made at the Covered Bond Guarantor's absolute discretion provided that in no circumstances shall the Covered 
Bond Guarantor agree that a Mortgage Loan to which an offer of a Product Switch relates may remain in the 
Mortgage Loan Portfolio if the Mortgage Loan would not be a Qualifying Mortgage immediately after the 
Product Switch occurs. Any Mortgage Loan subject to a Product Switch repurchased by the Seller shall be 
repurchased at a price equal to (if the Interest Rate Swap Provider is the Seller) the Current Principal Balance 
of the Mortgage Loan together with all Accrued Interest and Arrears of Interest and expenses payable as at the 
date of completion, or (if the Interest Rate Swap Provider is not the Seller) the market value of the Mortgage 
Loan as at the date of completion. 
A Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio will be subject to a Further Advance if an existing Borrower 
requests further moneys to be advanced to him or her under the relevant Mortgage Loan in circumstances 
which do not amount to a Cash Redraw and such request is granted. A Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio will be subject to a Cash Redraw when the Seller agrees to a re-advance by the Seller of some or all 
of the Overpayments that the Borrower has made under the Mortgage Loan. 
If the Seller agrees to make a Further Advance or a Cash Redraw in relation to a Mortgage Loan in the 
Mortgage Loan Portfolio the Seller may request the Covered Bond Guarantor to reimburse the Seller for 
funding the Further Advance or Cash Redraw. The Covered Bond Guarantor is under no obligation whatsoever 
to reimburse the Seller for funding a Further Advance or Cash Redraw, and any such decision shall be made 
at the Covered Bond Guarantor's absolute discretion, provided that in no circumstances shall the Covered Bond 
Guarantor agree to reimburse the Seller for funding a Further Advance or Cash Redraw if: (i) the Mortgage 
Loan would not be a Qualifying Mortgage immediately after the Further Advance or Cash Redraw is made; or 
(ii) following the Seller's request to be reimbursed, it is determined by the Trust Manager that there are 
insufficient Available Principal Receipts that are able to be applied for that purpose in accordance with the 
Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments. The Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its 
behalf, shall notify the Seller on the relevant Calculation Date as to whether it has agreed to reimburse the 
Seller for funding the related Further Advance or Cash Redraw. 
If the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf, notifies the Seller that it has declined a 
request from the Seller to reimburse the Seller for funding a Further Advance or Cash Redraw then the Seller 
shall be required to repurchase the relevant Mortgage Loan and (if applicable) the Related Security in 
accordance with the Mortgage Sale Agreement on the next Calculation Date to occur following the notification 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor (or the Trust Manager on its behalf) by serving a Seller Mortgage Loan

--- Page 204 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
202 
 
 
Repurchase Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor. Any Mortgage Loan subject to a Further Advance or Cash 
Redraw repurchased by the Seller shall be repurchased at a price equal to (if the Interest Rate Swap Provider 
is the Seller) the Current Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loan less the Further Advance or the Cash Redraw 
(as the case may be) together with all Accrued Interest and Arrears of Interest and expenses payable as at the 
date of completion, or (if the Interest Rate Swap Provider is not the Seller) the market value of the Mortgage 
Loan as at the date of completion. 
Defaulted Mortgage Loans 
If a Mortgage Loan becomes a Defaulted Mortgage Loan, then that Defaulted Mortgage Loan will be attributed 
a zero value in the calculation of the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test on the relevant Calculation 
Date. 
General ability to repurchase 
The Seller may, at any time prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, by serving a Seller Mortgage 
Loan Repurchase Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor (copied to the Trust Manager) offer to repurchase a 
Mortgage Loan and its Related Security (unless the Related Security also secures another Mortgage Loan in 
the Mortgage Loan Portfolio that is not subject to the offer contained in the Seller Mortgage Loan Repurchase 
Notice) from the Covered Bond Guarantor for a repurchase price equal to (if the Interest Rate Swap Provider 
is the Seller) the Current Principal Balance plus Accrued Interest and Arrears of Interest and expenses payable 
of the relevant Mortgage Loan, or (if the Interest Rate Swap Provider is not the Seller) the market value of the 
Mortgage Loan as at the date of completion. The Covered Bond Guarantor shall be under no obligation 
whatsoever to accept such an offer. In no circumstances shall the Covered Bond Guarantor accept any such 
offer unless the Calculation Manager has first confirmed that, after giving effect to the sale of the Mortgage 
Loan and Related Security, the Asset Coverage Test will be met. 
Repurchase of All Moneys Mortgage securing Associated Debt 
The Seller may, at any time prior to an Issuer Event of Default, in relation to any Mortgage Loan secured by 
an All Moneys Mortgage in respect of which the related Associated Debt is in default, serve a Seller Mortgage 
Loan Repurchase Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor (copied to the Trust Manager). On receipt of such 
notice the Covered Bond Guarantor will be required to sell, and the Seller will be required to repurchase the 
relevant Mortgage Loan, its Related Security and any other Mortgage Loan secured by that Related Security 
for a repurchase price equal to (if the Interest Rate Swap Provider is the Seller) the Current Principal Balance 
plus All Accrued Interest and Arrears of Interest thereon and expenses payable as at the date of completion, or 
(if the Interest Rate Swap Provider is not the Seller) the market value of the Mortgage Loan as at the date of 
completion.  
Timing of repurchase and payment of repurchase price 
A repurchase of the right, title and interest in a Mortgage Loan and Related Security in the circumstances 
described under "Repurchase by the Seller following breach of Representations and Warranties", "Product 
Switches, Further Advances and Cash Redraws", "General ability to repurchase" and "Repurchase of All 
Moneys Mortgage securing Associated Debt" will take place on a date agreed by the Seller and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor (or the Trust Manager on its behalf), or otherwise on the relevant Calculation Date and the 
Seller shall pay to the Covered Bond Guarantor the Repurchase Price on the Trust Payment Date immediately 
following such Calculation Date. 
Right of pre-emption 
Under the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement, the Seller will have a right of pre-emption in respect of any 
sale, in whole or in part, of Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security. The Covered Bond Guarantor

--- Page 205 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
203 
 
 
may be required to sell selected Mortgage Loans and Related Security in the circumstances described in 
"Establishment Deed - Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and Related Security if the Pre-Maturity Test is 
breached", "Establishment Deed - Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans following the Demand Loan Provider 
making demand that the Demand Loan be repaid", "Establishment Deed - Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans 
and Related Security following service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice" and "Establishment Deed - 
Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and Related Security following service of a Notice to Pay" below. 
In connection with the sale of Mortgage Loans and Related Security the Covered Bond Guarantor will serve 
on the Seller a Selected Mortgage Loan Offer Notice offering to sell those Selected Mortgage Loans and the 
Related Security for the best price reasonably available but in any event: (i) following the service of an Asset 
Coverage Test Breach Notice (but prior to the service of a Notice to Pay), for an amount not less than the 
Current Principal Balance of the Selected Mortgage Loans plus the Arrears of Interest and Accrued Interest 
thereon; and (ii) following a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test or service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, for an amount not less than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount for the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds. If the Seller accepts the Covered Bond Guarantor's offer to sell the Selected Mortgage Loans 
and the Related Security in accordance with the foregoing, the Seller shall, within 10 Business Days of service 
of the Selected Mortgage Loan Offer Notice on the Seller, countersign and return to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor the relevant Selected Mortgage Loan Offer Notice provided that if an Issuer Event of Default has 
occurred but no liquidator or administrator has been appointed to the Seller, the Seller's right to accept the 
offer (and therefore its right of pre-emption) will be conditional upon the delivery within such 10 NZ Business 
Day period of a solvency certificate in a form acceptable to the Covered Bond Guarantor (or the Trust Manager 
on its behalf) and the Security Trustee (each acting reasonably). Upon receipt by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
of a counter-signed Selected Mortgage Loan Offer Notice the Seller will repurchase from the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and the Covered Bond Guarantor shall transfer to the Seller free from the Security created by the 
Security Deed: (i) the relevant Selected Mortgage Loans referred to in the relevant Selected Mortgage Loan 
Offer Notice; and (ii) unless the Related Security also secures another Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio that is not also subject to the offer contained in the Selected Mortgage Loan Offer Notice, the Related 
Security. Completion of such repurchase shall take place on the next following Calculation Date after receipt 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor (or the Trust Manager on its behalf) of the Selected Mortgage Loan Offer 
Notice countersigned by the Seller or such date as the Covered Bond Guarantor (or the Trust Manager on its 
behalf) may direct (provided that such date shall not be later than the earlier to occur of the date which is (a) 
10 NZ Business Days after receipt by the Covered Bond Guarantor (or the Trust Manager on its behalf) of the 
Selected Mortgage Loan Offer Notice countersigned by the Seller or (b) the Final Maturity Date of the Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds) when the Seller shall pay to the GIC Account (or as the Covered Bond Guarantor 
(or the Trust Manager on its behalf) shall direct) an amount in cash equal to the repurchase price specified in 
the relevant Selected Mortgage Loan Offer Notice. 
If the Seller rejects the Covered Bond Guarantor's offer or fails to accept it in accordance with the foregoing, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor will offer to sell the Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to other 
Purchasers (as described under "Establishment Deed – Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and their Related 
Security following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default", below). 
For the purposes hereof: 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount means in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds: 
(a) 
the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the Required Redemption Amount; plus or minus  
(b) 
the NZ Dollar Equivalent of any swap termination amounts payable under the Covered Bond Swaps 
corresponding to the Series to or by the Covered Bond Guarantor less (where applicable) amounts 
standing to the credit of (i) the Pre-Maturity Ledger, (ii) the GIC Account and (iii) the principal balance 
of any Substitution Assets and Authorised Investments (excluding all amounts to be applied on the 
next following Trust Payment Date to repay higher ranking amounts in the relevant Priority of

--- Page 206 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
204 
 
 
Payments and those amounts that are required to repay any Series of Covered Bonds which mature 
prior to or on the same date as the relevant Series of Covered Bonds); plus or minus 
(c) 
the NZ Dollar Equivalent of any swap termination amounts payable to or by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor under the Interest Rate Swaps. 
Further drawings under the Mortgage Loans 
The Seller will be solely responsible for funding all further drawings, if any, in respect of Mortgage Loans in 
the Mortgage Loan Portfolio (including, but not limited to, Further Advances and Cash Redraws).  
Offset Mortgage Loans 
If a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio is an Offset Mortgage Loan the Seller shall, on each 
Calculation Date, credit to the GIC Account an amount equal to the unpaid interest that was not paid during 
the Calculation Period ending on the Calculation Date in respect of the Mortgage Loan.  
The Mortgage Sale Agreement is governed by New Zealand law. 
Servicing Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement entered into on the Programme Date between the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, BNZ (in its separate capacities as Servicer and as Seller), the Trust Manager and the Security 
Trustee, the Servicer will agree to service on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor the Mortgage Loans and 
the Related Security sold by the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
The Servicer will be required to administer and service the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Portfolio and the 
Related Security in accordance with: 
(a) 
the Servicer's Servicing Procedures. The Servicer's Servicing Procedures are the originating, lending 
and underwriting, administration, arrears and enforcement policies and procedures which are applied 
from time to time by the Seller to Mortgage Loans and the Related Security for their repayment which 
are beneficially owned by the Seller and which may be amended by the Seller from time to time; and 
(b) 
the terms and provisions of the Servicing Agreement. 
The Servicer will have the power to exercise the rights, powers and discretions and to perform the duties of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Seller (according to their respective estates and interests) in relation to 
the Mortgage Loans and the Related Security that it is servicing pursuant to the terms of the Servicing 
Agreement, and to do anything which it reasonably considers necessary, convenient or incidental to the 
administration of the Mortgage Loans and the Related Security.  
The Servicer will be required to provide the Asset Registry Services in accordance with: 
(a) 
the Asset Register Procedures; and 
(b) 
the terms and provisions of the Servicing Agreement. 
Undertakings of the Servicer 
Pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer will undertake in relation to those Mortgage 
Loans and their Related Security that it is servicing, among other things, to:

--- Page 207 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
205 
 
 
(a) 
administer and service the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and the Related Security 
in accordance with the Servicing Procedures;  
(b) 
provide the Asset Registry Services in accordance with the Asset Register Procedures; 
(c) 
provide the Services in such manner and with the same level of skill, care and diligence as would a 
Prudent Mortgage Lender; 
(d) 
comply with any directions, orders and instructions which the Covered Bond Guarantor (or the Trust 
Manager on its behalf) or the Seller may from time to time give to it in accordance with the provisions 
of the Servicing Agreement and, in the event of any conflict, those of the Covered Bond Guarantor (or 
the Trust Manager on its behalf) shall prevail; 
(e) 
keep in force all licences, approvals, authorisations and consents which may be necessary in 
connection with the performance of the Services and prepare and submit, on a timely basis, all 
necessary applications and requests for any further approval, authorisation, consent or licence required 
in connection with the performance of the Services; 
(f) 
not fail to comply with any legal and/or regulatory requirements in the performance of the Services; 
(g) 
make all payments required to be made by it pursuant to the Servicing Agreement on the due date for 
payment thereof in NZ Dollars (or as otherwise required under the Programme Documents) in 
immediately available funds for value on such day without set-off (including, without limitation, any 
fees owed to it) or counterclaim, but subject to any deductions required by law; 
(h) 
not without the prior written consent of the Covered Bond Guarantor, the All Moneys Mortgage 
Trustee and the Security Trustee amend or terminate any of the Programme Documents save in 
accordance with their terms;  
(i) 
for so long as the Seller is the Servicer, forthwith upon becoming aware of any event which may 
reasonably give rise to an obligation of the Seller to repurchase any Mortgage Loan pursuant to the 
Mortgage Sale Agreement, notify the Covered Bond Guarantor in writing of such event; and 
(j) 
comply with the Credit Contracts and Consumer Finance Act 2003 as if the Servicer were a creditor 
under the Mortgage Loans and Related Security in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio. 
Interest Rate Shortfall Test 
The Servicer shall determine on each Calculation Date, having regard to: 
(a) 
the standard variable rate and any other discretionary rate or margin in respect of the Mortgage Loans 
in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio which the Servicer proposes to set under the Servicing Agreement for 
the next succeeding Trust Payment Period (relevant Trust Payment Period); and 
(b) 
the other resources available to the Covered Bond Guarantor including the Swap Agreements and the 
Reserve Fund (as advised by the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf), 
whether the Covered Bond Guarantor would receive an amount of income during the relevant Trust Payment 
Period which, when aggregated with the funds otherwise available to the Covered Bond Guarantor, is less than 
the amount which is the aggregate of (1) the amount of interest which would be payable (or provisioned to be 
paid) by or on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Intercompany Loan Agreement (or, if a Notice 
to Pay has been served on the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered Bond Guarantee), and the Demand Loan 
Agreement on the Trust Payment Date falling at the end of the relevant Trust Payment Period and the relevant

--- Page 208 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
206 
 
 
amounts payable (or provisioned to be paid) to the Swap Providers under the Swap Agreements in respect of 
all Covered Bonds on the Trust Payment Date falling at the end of the relevant Trust Payment Period; and (2) 
the other expenses payable (or provisioned to be paid) by the Covered Bond Guarantor on the Trust Payment 
Date falling at the end of the relevant Trust Payment Period ranking in priority thereto in accordance with the 
relevant Priority of Payments applicable prior to a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default (the Interest 
Rate Shortfall Test). 
If the Servicer determines that the Interest Rate Shortfall Test will not be met, it will give written notice to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and the Seller (copied to the Trust Manager and the Security Trustee), within five 
NZ Business Days of the relevant Calculation Date, of the amount of the Interest Rate Shortfall following 
which (i) (subject to the Servicing Agreement and the Mortgage Sale Agreement) the Servicer shall set the 
standard variable rate and/or other discretionary rates or margins applicable to Mortgage Loans in the 
Mortgage Loan Portfolio at such levels as may be required in order for the Interest Rate Shortfall to be rectified 
on the next succeeding Calculation Date; and/or (ii) the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Security Trustee may 
notify the Servicer and the Seller that, having regard to the obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor and the 
amount of the Interest Rate Shortfall, further Mortgage Loans and the Related Security should be sold by the 
Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the Mortgage Sale Agreement to rectify the Interest Rate 
Shortfall, in which case, the Seller will use all reasonable efforts to offer to sell in accordance with the 
Mortgage Sale Agreement sufficient New Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor on or before the next succeeding Calculation Date to rectify the Interest Rate Shortfall on that 
Calculation Date. 
Yield Shortfall Test 
In addition, the Servicer shall determine on each Calculation Date following an Issuer Event of Default (which 
remains unremedied), having regard to the aggregate of: 
(a) 
the standard variable rate and any other discretionary rate or margin, in respect of the Mortgage Loans 
in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio which the Servicer proposes to set under the Servicing Agreement for 
the relevant Trust Payment Period; and 
(b) 
the resources available to the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Swap Agreements, 
whether the Covered Bond Guarantor would receive an aggregate amount of interest from the Mortgage Loans 
in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and amounts under the Swap Agreements during the relevant Trust Payment 
Period which would give a weighted average yield on the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio that 
is sufficient to enable the Covered Bond Guarantor to make the payments and provisions in clause 10.4(a)-(i) 
(inclusive) of the Establishment Deed in full on the next Trust Payment Date to occur following the end of the 
Calculation Period commencing on the relevant Calculation Date (the Yield Shortfall Test). 
If the Servicer determines that the Yield Shortfall Test will not be met, it will give written notice to the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and the Security Trustee, within one NZ Business Day of the relevant Calculation Date, of 
the amount of the shortfall and the standard variable rate and the other discretionary rates or margins in respect 
of the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio which would, in the Servicer's opinion, need to be set 
in order for no shortfall to arise, and the Yield Shortfall Test to be met, having regard to the date(s) on which 
the change to the standard variable rate and the other discretionary rates or margins would take effect and at 
all times acting in accordance with the standards of a Prudent Mortgage Lender. If the Covered Bond Guarantor 
or the Security Trustee notifies the Servicer that, having regard to the obligations of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the standard variable rate and/or the other discretionary rates or margins should be increased, the 
Servicer will take all steps which are necessary to increase the standard variable rate and/or any other 
discretionary rates or margins including giving any notice which is required in accordance with the Mortgage 
Conditions or the Servicing Agreement.

--- Page 209 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
207 
 
 
Asset Registry Services 
The Servicer shall provide the Asset Registry Services, which will include, but not be limited to, in accordance 
with the Asset Register Procedures: 
(a) 
establishing and maintaining the Asset Register so that it is an up-to-date and accurate record of the 
assets of the Trust; 
(b) 
updating the Asset Register, within five NZ Business Days of receiving notice from the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (or the Trust Manager on its behalf) of the occurrence of the relevant transaction (as defined 
below), to record the following:  
(i) 
the acquisition of a New Mortgage Loan Portfolio; 
(ii) 
the sale of a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and (if applicable) the Related 
Security; 
(iii) 
the repayment in full of the Current Principal Balance of a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage 
Loan Portfolio; 
(iv) 
the acquisition of an Authorised Investment or a Substitution Asset; 
(v) 
the redemption or sale of an Authorised Investment or a Substitution Asset; and 
(vi) 
the opening or closing of a Trust Account, 
(each of (i) to (vi) above, a relevant transaction); and 
(c) 
assessing whether the Asset Pool remains consistent with any Asset Class Designation. 
Remuneration 
In accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments, the Servicer is entitled to an administration fee for the 
provision of the Services which shall be agreed in writing between the Covered Bond Guarantor (or the Trust 
Manager on its behalf), the Security Trustee and the Servicer. The Covered Bond Guarantor will on each Trust 
Payment Date, subject to the applicable Priorities of Payments as further consideration for the Services 
supplied to it by the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement: 
(a) 
pay to the Servicer a subordinated servicing fee in accordance with the Subordinated Servicing Fee 
Letter; and 
(b) 
reimburse the Servicer for all out-of-pocket costs, expenses and charges properly incurred by the 
Servicer in the performance of the Services, including any such costs, expenses or charges not 
reimbursed to the Servicer on any previous Trust Payment Date. 
Collections 
The Servicer acts as collecting agent for the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of Mortgage Loan Scheduled 
Payments made by a Borrower. If the Servicer receives, during a Calculation Period, any money whatsoever 
arising from the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and the Related Security which money 
belongs to the Covered Bond Guarantor and such money is to be credited to the GIC Account pursuant to the 
Servicing Agreement, the Servicer shall hold such money on trust for the Covered Bond Guarantor. All such 
amounts described above received by the Servicer during a Collection Period shall be credited to the GIC 
Account either on the last day of the Calculation Period (for so long as BNZ has short-term credit ratings of

--- Page 210 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
208 
 
 
P-1 from Moody's and F1 from Fitch and a long-term credit rating of A from Fitch) or in any other case within 
two NZ Business Days of receipt. 
BNZ shall, if it credits money received during a Calculation Period to the GIC Account in accordance with the 
Servicing Agreement, on the Calculation Date immediately following the end of that Calculation Period credit 
an additional amount to the GIC Account calculated as interest on the amount of money held by BNZ during 
that Calculation Period. Any such interest is to be calculated on the Calculation Date by BNZ in its absolute 
discretion on the daily balance of the amount of money held by BNZ during the Calculation Period and at a 
rate determined on the first day of that Calculation Period as the rate equal to the applicable Bank Bill Rate for 
three month NZ Dollar deposits determined by BNZ in its sole discretion. 
Removal or resignation of the Servicer 
The Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf (with the consent of the Security Trustee), 
or the Security Trustee acting on the directions of (for so long as there are any Covered Bonds outstanding) 
the Bond Trustee or (where there are no Covered Bonds outstanding) the Majority Secured Creditors, may, 
upon written notice to the Servicer, terminate the Servicer's rights and obligations immediately if any of the 
following events (each a Servicer Termination Event) occurs: 
(a) 
the Servicer fails to pay any amount due and payable by it to the Covered Bond Guarantor under the 
Servicing Agreement and such failure is not remedied for a period of five NZ Business Days after 
becoming aware of the default; 
(b) 
the Servicer fails to comply with any of its other obligations under the Servicing Agreement or any of 
the other Programme Documents which the Security Trustee considers, acting on the directions of (for 
so long as there are any Covered Bonds outstanding) the Bond Trustee or (where no Covered Bonds 
are outstanding) the Majority Secured Creditors, is materially prejudicial to Covered Bondholders and 
such failure is not remedied or waived within a period of 20 NZ Business Days after the Servicer 
becomes aware of such failure; 
(c) 
it becomes unlawful for the Servicer to administer and service the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage 
Loan Portfolio; 
(d) 
an Insolvency Event occurs in relation to the Servicer; 
(e) 
the Servicer's unsecured, unsubordinated, long-term senior debt obligations have been downgraded 
below Baa3 by Moody's or BBB- by Fitch. 
Any termination of the appointment of the Servicer (or appointment of a Substitute Servicer as described 
below) is conditional upon the Seller having delivered a Rating Affirmation Notice to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the Servicer, the Substitute Servicer and the Rating Agencies in respect of such 
termination of the appointment of the Servicer and the appointment of the Substitute Servicer. 
In addition, subject to the fulfilment of a number of conditions, including, without limitation, that a Substitute 
Servicer has been appointed and that the Covered Bond Guarantor (or the Trust Manager on its behalf) the 
Seller and the Security Trustee consent in writing to the resignation, the Servicer may voluntarily resign by 
giving not less than 12 months' notice to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the Security Trustee 
and the All Moneys Mortgage Beneficiaries. Any such Substitute Servicer must have experience of 
administering mortgage loans secured on residential mortgaged properties in New Zealand, shall have all 
authorisations, permissions and licences for the purposes of administering and servicing mortgages of 
residential property in New Zealand and must have entered into an agreement with the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Trust Manager and the Security Trustee substantially on the same terms as the Servicing 
Agreement.

--- Page 211 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
209 
 
 
If the appointment of the Servicer is terminated, the Servicer must deliver the Mortgage Loan Files, all books 
of account, papers, records, registers, correspondence and documents in its possession or under its control 
relating to the affairs of, or belonging to, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage 
Loan Portfolio and the Related Security, (if practicable, on the date of receipt) any moneys and any other assets 
then held by the Servicer on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor and any other assets of the Trust to, or at 
the direction of, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Servicer shall take such further action as the Covered 
Bond Guarantor (or the Trust Manager on its behalf) and the Security Trustee, as applicable, shall require. 
The Servicing Agreement will terminate automatically at such time as the Covered Bond Guarantor has no 
further interest in any of the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio or the Related Security. 
The Servicer may sub-contract or delegate the performance of its duties under the Servicing Agreement 
provided that it meets conditions as set out in the Servicing Agreement.  
Neither the Bond Trustee nor the Security Trustee is obliged to act as Servicer in any circumstances. 
The Servicing Agreement is governed by New Zealand law. 
Asset Monitor Agreement 
Under the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement entered into on the Programme Date between, among others, 
the Asset Monitor, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, BNZ (in its capacities as Issuer, 
Guarantor, Seller, Servicer and Calculation Manager), the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee, the Asset 
Monitor has agreed, subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by the Calculation Manager, the 
Servicer or the Trust Manager to the Asset Monitor, to report on the arithmetic accuracy of the calculations 
performed by the Calculation Manager and the compliance of the Servicer with its obligations in relation to 
the Asset Register on the Calculation Date immediately prior to each anniversary of the Programme Date with 
a view to confirmation of compliance by the Covered Bond Guarantor with the Asset Coverage Test or the 
Amortisation Test, as applicable, and its obligations in relation to the Asset Register on that Calculation Date. 
If the long-term ratings of the Calculation Manager (or if the Calculation Manager is not so rated, if the long-
term unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligation ratings of the Calculation Manager's holding 
company) fall below Baa2 by Moody's or BBB- by Fitch (and for as long as they remain below such ratings), 
the Asset Monitor will, subject to receipt of the relevant information from the Calculation Manager, be required 
to report on such arithmetic accuracy following each Calculation Date.  
Following a determination by the Asset Monitor of any errors in the calculations performed by the Calculation 
Manager such that the Asset Coverage Test has been failed on the applicable Calculation Date (where the 
Calculation Manager had recorded it as being satisfied) or the Adjusted Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount or 
the Amortisation Test Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount is mis-stated by the Calculation Manager by an 
amount exceeding one per cent. of the actual Adjusted Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount or the Amortisation 
Test Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount, as applicable, (as at the date of the relevant Asset Coverage Test or 
the relevant Amortisation Test), the Asset Monitor will be required to conduct such tests following each 
Calculation Date until the Asset Monitor is satisfied that the relevant test does not reveal arithmetical 
inaccuracies (and in any event for a period ending six months after the Asset Coverage Test and/or 
Amortisation Test which included the relevant arithmetical errors). 
If any assessment of the Servicer's compliance with its obligations in respect of the Asset Register reveals that 
the Servicer is not in compliance with these obligations, the Asset Monitor will conduct the assessment in 
respect of the Calculation Date following the date of the assessment that revealed the non-compliance until the 
Asset Monitor is satisfied the Servicer is in compliance.

--- Page 212 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
210 
 
 
The Asset Monitor will be entitled, in the absence of manifest error, to assume that all information provided 
to it by the Calculation Manager for the purpose of reporting on the arithmetic accuracy or by the Servicer or 
Trust Manager for the purpose of assessing the Servicer's compliance with its obligations in relation to the 
Asset Register is true and correct and complete and not misleading, and is not required to conduct an audit or 
otherwise take steps to verify the accuracy of any such information. The Asset Monitor Report will be delivered 
to the Calculation Manager, the Servicer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, BNZ, the Bond 
Trustee and the Security Trustee. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor will pay to the Asset Monitor a fee of $3,000 per Asset Monitor Report (plus 
GST, if any) and $9,000 per Asset Register Report (plus GST if any) for the performance by the Asset Monitor 
of its obligations under the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf may, at any time, but only with the prior 
written consent of the Security Trustee, terminate the appointment of the Asset Monitor by giving at least 60 
days' prior written notice to the Asset Monitor, and the Asset Monitor may, at any time, resign by giving at 
least 60 days' prior written notice to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager and the Security Trustee 
(copied to the Rating Agencies). 
Upon giving notice of termination or receiving notice of resignation, the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust 
Manager on its behalf, shall use its best endeavours to promptly appoint a substitute asset monitor that is a 
Qualifying Asset Monitor pursuant to an agreement on substantially the same terms as the terms of the Asset 
Monitor Agreement, to provide the services set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement. If a substitute asset 
monitor is not appointed by the date which is 30 days prior to a Calculation Date in respect of which a test or 
assessment is to be conducted by the Asset Monitor in accordance with the Asset Monitor Agreement, then 
the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf, shall use all reasonable endeavours to appoint 
a substitute asset monitor that is a Qualifying Asset Monitor to carry out the relevant tests and assessments on 
a one-off basis. The Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf, shall promptly notify the 
Rating Agencies of the appointment of any substitute asset monitor to carry out the relevant tests and 
assessments. 
The liability of the Asset Monitor for any loss, liability, claim, expense or damage suffered or incurred by any 
of the other parties to the Asset Monitor Agreement caused by breach of any provision of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement, tort (including negligence), breach of fiduciary duty or other actionable wrong of any kind shall 
be limited to the amount of $500,000 in relation to the subject of the loss, liability, claim, expense or damage. 
In the event that loss, liability, claim, expense or damage is suffered by more than one of the other parties to 
the Asset Monitor Agreement, the liability cap of $500,000 is the total limit of the Asset Monitor's liability. 
Neither the Bond Trustee nor the Security Trustee will be obliged to act as Asset Monitor in any circumstances. 
The Asset Monitor Agreement is governed by New Zealand law. 
Establishment Deed 
The Establishment Deed, made between, among others, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, BNZ 
as Issuer, Guarantor, Seller, Servicer and Calculation Manager, the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee, 
establishes the Trust and provides that the Covered Bond Guarantor will be the trustee of the Trust. Pursuant 
to the Establishment Deed, the purpose of the Trust is the acquisition, management and sale of, amongst other 
things, Mortgage Loans and the Related Security, the borrowing of moneys to fund the acquisition of such 
assets, the hedging of risks associated with such assets and such funding, the acquisition, management and 
sale of Substitution Assets and Authorised Investments, the giving of guarantees, the granting of security and 
any other business as the Trust Manager shall direct (with the prior written consent of the Security Trustee, 
prior to the release of the Security constituted by the Security Deed for as long as the Covered Bonds are 
outstanding).

--- Page 213 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
211 
 
 
Beneficiaries 
The Beneficiaries of the Trust are the Residual Income Beneficiary and the Residual Capital Beneficiary. 
Pursuant to the Establishment Deed, the Residual Income Beneficiary is entitled to an annual distribution equal 
to the net income, if any, of the Trust for each fiscal year. The Residual Capital Beneficiary is not entitled to 
receive any distributions in respect of the Trust other its right to receive the settlement amount of NZ$2,000 
on the vesting date. 
Asset Register 
Under the terms of the Establishment Deed, the Covered Bond Guarantor shall maintain, or ensure that there 
is maintained, in accordance with the Asset Register Procedures a full and complete asset register that contains 
an up-to-date and accurate record of the assets of the Trust. 
Asset Coverage Test 
Under the terms of the Establishment Deed, the Covered Bond Guarantor must ensure that for so long as 
Covered Bonds remain outstanding on each Calculation Date prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, the Adjusted Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount is in an amount at least equal to 
the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds as calculated 
on the relevant Calculation Date (the Asset Coverage Test). 
If on any Calculation Date prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor the Adjusted 
Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount is less than the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant Calculation Date, then the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (or the Trust Manager on its behalf) shall immediately notify the Bond Trustee and the Security 
Trustee in writing thereof and the Covered Bond Guarantor will use all reasonable endeavours to acquire 
sufficient further Mortgage Loans and Related Security from the Seller in accordance with the Mortgage Sale 
Agreement (see "Overview of the Principal Documents – Mortgage Sale Agreement – Sale by the Seller of 
Mortgage Loans and Related Security") or the Covered Bond Guarantor will use all reasonable endeavours to 
purchase Substitution Assets or make a drawing under the Demand Loan Agreement to ensure that the Asset 
Coverage Test is met on any date on or before the immediately succeeding Calculation Date (by reference to 
the Adjusted Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount and the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of all Covered Bonds, in each case as calculated on such date). If the Adjusted Aggregate 
Mortgage Loan Amount is less than the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding 
of all Covered Bonds on the immediately following Calculation Date referred to above, the Asset Coverage 
Test will be breached and the Bond Trustee will serve an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice on the Covered 
Bond Guarantor (subject to the Bond Trustee having actual knowledge or express notice of the breach). The 
Bond Trustee shall be deemed to revoke an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice if, on the next Calculation 
Date to occur following the service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice, the Asset Coverage Test is 
subsequently satisfied and neither a Notice to Pay nor a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice has 
been served. If the Bond Trustee is deemed to revoke an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor (or the Trust Manager on its behalf) shall immediately notify in writing the Bond Trustee 
thereof.  
Following service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice (which has not been revoked): 
(a) 
the Covered Bond Guarantor may be required to sell Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related 
Security (as further described under "Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and Related Security following 
service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice"); 
(b) 
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice or, 
if earlier, the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Covered

--- Page 214 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
212 
 
 
Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice, the Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments will be modified as 
more particularly described in "Allocation and distribution of Available Revenue Receipts and 
Available Principal Receipts following service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice" below; and 
(c) 
the Issuer will not be permitted to issue any further Covered Bonds. 
If an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice has been served and not been revoked by the Bond Trustee on or 
before the next Calculation Date to occur following the service of the Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice, 
then an Issuer Event of Default shall occur and the Bond Trustee shall be entitled and in certain circumstances 
required to serve an Issuer Acceleration Notice. Following service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice, the Bond 
Trustee will be required to serve a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor.  
For the purposes hereof: 
Adjusted Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount means the amount calculated on each Calculation Date as 
follows: 
(A+B+C+D+E) - Z 
where, 
A = 
on the relevant Calculation Date, the Asset Percentage multiplied by the aggregate of 
the Adjusted Mortgage Loan Balance Amounts of the Mortgage Loans in the 
Mortgage Loan Portfolio as at such Calculation Date (for the avoidance of doubt, 
excluding any Mortgage Loans being repurchased by the Seller on such Calculation 
Date but including any Mortgage Loans being purchased by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor on such Calculation Date). 
The Adjusted Mortgage Loan Balance Amount shall be calculated for a Mortgage Loan, on the relevant 
Calculation Date, as: 
(a) 
for each Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio that is not then a Defaulted Mortgage Loan, 
the lesser of (A) the outstanding Current Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loan as at the relevant 
Calculation Date and (B): 
(b) 
80% of the Indexed Valuation for the Property charged by a Mortgage which secures the Mortgage 
Loan as at the relevant Calculation Date (but without double counting across Mortgage Loans); and 
(c) 
for each Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio that is then a Defaulted Mortgage Loan, zero;  
less: 
(1) 
where a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio or the Related Security was, in the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period, known by the Covered Bond Guarantor or the 
Trust Manager to be in breach of the Representations and Warranties contained in the 
Mortgage Sale Agreement as at the date of its sale to the Covered Bond Guarantor, and the 
Seller has not repurchased the Mortgage Loan and the Related Security to the extent required 
by the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement: an amount equal to the Adjusted Mortgage 
Loan Balance Amount (as calculated on the relevant Calculation Date) for each Mortgage 
Loan to which this paragraph (1) applies; and 
(2) 
where the Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in material breach of any other 
warranty under the Mortgage Sale Agreement and/or the Servicer was, in any preceding

--- Page 215 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
213 
 
 
Calculation Period, in material breach of a term of the Servicing Agreement: an amount equal 
to the resulting financial loss incurred by the Covered Bond Guarantor in the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period (such financial loss to be calculated by the Trust Manager 
without double counting and to be reduced by any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor by the Seller or by the Servicer (as applicable) to indemnify the 
Covered Bond Guarantor for such financial loss); 
B = 
the aggregate amount of any proceeds of any Term Advances and/or any Demand 
Loan Advances which have not been applied as at the relevant Calculation Date; 
C = 
the aggregate principal balance of any Substitution Assets and Authorised 
Investments as at the relevant Calculation Date;  
D = 
the aggregate amount of Mortgage Loan Principal Receipts standing to the credit of 
the GIC Account as at the relevant Calculation Date (without double counting any 
amounts already covered in B above) but excluding any amounts due to be applied on 
or before the next Trust Payment Date in accordance with the applicable Priority of 
Payments; 
E = 
the amount of any Sale Proceeds standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Ledger as 
at the relevant Calculation Date (without double counting any amounts already 
covered in D above); and 
Z = 
the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered Bonds (expressed in years) 
then outstanding calculated by the Calculation Manager as at the relevant Calculation 
Date multiplied by the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the then aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds all multiplied by the then Negative Carry Factor, 
where the "Negative Carry Factor" is (i) zero, for so long as the Interest Rate Swaps 
are in effect in accordance with the terms thereof; or (ii) if the Interest Rate Swaps are 
not in effect in accordance with the terms thereof, then either: (a) 0.50 per cent. if the 
then weighted average margin of the interest rate then payable on the Covered Bonds 
is less or equal to 0.10 per cent. per annum; or (b) 0.50 per cent, plus such weighted 
average margin minus 0.10 per cent., if such weighted average margin is greater than 
0.10 per cent, per annum (provided that if the weighted average remaining maturity 
of all Covered Bonds (expressed in years) then outstanding is less than one, such 
weighted average remaining maturity shall be deemed for the purposes of this 
calculation, to be one). 
Asset Percentage means, on any Calculation Date, save where otherwise agreed, the lowest of: 
(a) 
97 per cent; and 
(b) 
such percentage figure determined on the Calculation Date falling in March, June, September and 
December of each year (and on such other dates as may be agreed, from time to time, with Fitch) in 
accordance with the terms of the Establishment Deed, being the percentage figure that is necessary to 
ensure that the Covered Bonds maintain the then current ratings assigned to them by Fitch (break even 
asset percentage); and 
(c) 
such percentage figure as may be selected by the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Calculation Manager 
acting on its behalf, from time to time, in accordance with the terms of the Establishment Deed, and 
notified to Moody's and the Security Trustee on the Calculation Date, or if no notification is made to 
Moody's and the Security Trustee on such Calculation Date, on the last date of such notification. This 
percentage figure will be the difference between 100 and the percentage amount of credit enhancement

--- Page 216 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
214 
 
 
that is necessary to ensure that there is sufficient credit enhancement for the Covered Bonds to achieve 
an Aaa rating by Moody's using Moody's expected loss methodology (regardless of the actual Moody's 
rating of the Covered Bonds at the time). 
The Asset Percentage may not, at any time, exceed 97 per cent. unless otherwise agreed with the Rating 
Agencies. 
There is no obligation on the Covered Bond Guarantor to ensure that an Aaa rating is maintained by Moody's 
and the Covered Bond Guarantor is under no obligation to change the percentage figure selected by it and 
notified to Moody's and the Security Trustee in line with the level of credit enhancement required to ensure an 
Aaa rating by Moody's using Moody's expected loss methodology. 
Amortisation Test 
The Covered Bond Guarantor must ensure that for so long as Covered Bonds are outstanding on each 
Calculation Date following service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor (but prior to 
enforcement of the Security in accordance with the Security Deed) the Amortisation Test Aggregate Mortgage 
Loan Amount will be in an amount at least equal to the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant Calculation Date. 
If on any Calculation Date following service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor (but prior to 
the service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Issuer 
and/or the commencement of winding-up proceedings against the Trust and/or the realisation of the Security), 
the Amortisation Test Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount is less than the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant Calculation Date, 
then the Amortisation Test will be breached and a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default will occur. The 
Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf, shall immediately notify the Security Trustee 
and (for so long as Covered Bonds are outstanding) the Bond Trustee of any breach of the Amortisation Test. 
The Amortisation Test Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount will be calculated on each Calculation Date 
following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor as follows: 
A + B + C - Z 
where, 
A = 
the aggregate of the "Amortisation Test Current Principal Balance" of each 
Mortgage Loan, which shall be the product of: 
(x) 
the lesser of (1) the outstanding Current Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loan as 
calculated on the relevant Calculation Date and (2) 80% of the Indexed Valuation for 
the Property charged by a Mortgage which secures the Mortgage Loan as at the 
relevant Calculation Date (but without double counting across Mortgage Loans); and 
(y) 
M, where: 
(1) 
for each Mortgage Loan that is not then a Defaulted Mortgage Loan M = 1.0; 
or 
(2) 
for each Mortgage Loan that is then a Defaulted Mortgage Loan, M = zero; 
B = 
the sum of the amount of any cash standing to the credit of the GIC Account and the 
principal amount of any Authorised Investments (excluding any Mortgage Loan

--- Page 217 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
215 
 
 
Revenue Receipts received in the immediately preceding Calculation Period and any 
principal amounts due to be applied on or before the next Trust Payment Date in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments); 
C =  
the aggregate principal balance of any Substitution Assets not taken into account 
elsewhere in this calculation; 
Z =  
the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered Bonds (expressed in years) 
then outstanding multiplied by the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds multiplied by the Negative Carry Factor. 
Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and Related Security if the Pre-Maturity Test is breached 
The Establishment Deed provides for the sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security in 
circumstances where the Pre-Maturity Test has been breached in relation to a Series of Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds. The Pre-Maturity Test will be breached in relation to a Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds if the 
ratings of BNZ fall below a specified level and such Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is due for repayment 
within a specified period of time thereafter. The Covered Bond Guarantor will be obliged to sell Selected 
Mortgage Loans and the Related Security, subject to the rights of pre-emption enjoyed by the Seller to buy the 
Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement and 
subject to any Pre-Maturity Demand Loan Advance having been made by the Demand Loan Provider from 
time to time. The proceeds from any such sale will be credited to the GIC Account. If the Issuer fully repays a 
Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds on their Final Maturity Date, any amount standing to the credit of the 
Pre-Maturity Ledger on the GIC Account following such repayment in full shall be applied by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf, in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments 
unless an Issuer is failing the Pre-Maturity Test in respect of any other Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, 
in which case sufficient cash shall be retained on the Pre-Maturity Ledger in order to provide liquidity for that 
other Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. Otherwise, the proceeds will be applied as set out in "Credit 
Structure" below. 
For a description of the Pre-Maturity Test, see "Credit Structure - Pre-Maturity Liquidity" below. 
Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans following the Demand Loan Provider making demand that the Demand 
Loan be repaid 
If, prior to the service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice or a Notice to Pay, the Demand Loan Provider 
has demanded that all or part of the Demand Loan be repaid, the Covered Bond Guarantor will, subject to first 
utilising any Available Principal Receipts that are available for that purpose in accordance with the applicable 
Priority of Payments be obliged to sell Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security in the Mortgage 
Loan Portfolio in accordance with the Establishment Deed (as described below), subject to the rights of pre-
emption enjoyed by the Seller to buy the Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security pursuant to the 
Mortgage Sale Agreement. The proceeds from any such sale will be credited to the GIC Account and applied 
as set out in the applicable Priority of Payments. Any such sale will be subject to the condition that the Asset 
Coverage Test is satisfied after receipt of the proceeds of such sale and repayment, after giving effect to such 
repayment. 
Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and Related Security following service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach 
Notice 
After service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice (which has not been revoked) but prior to service of a 
Notice to Pay, the Covered Bond Guarantor will, subject to first utilising the proceeds of any advance made 
by the Demand Loan Provider under the Demand Loan Agreement, be obliged to sell Selected Mortgage Loans 
and the Related Security in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio in accordance with the Establishment Deed (as

--- Page 218 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
216 
 
 
described below), subject to the rights of pre-emption enjoyed by the Seller to buy the Selected Mortgage 
Loans and the Related Security pursuant to the Mortgage Sale Agreement. The proceeds from any such sale 
will be credited to the GIC Account and applied as set out in Allocation and distribution of Available Revenue 
Receipts and Available Principal Receipts following service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice.  
Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and Related Security following service of a Notice to Pay 
After a Notice to Pay has been served on the Covered Bond Guarantor following the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default, the Covered Bond Guarantor will be obliged to sell Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related 
Security in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio in accordance with the Establishment Deed (as described below), 
subject to the rights of pre-emption enjoyed by the Seller to buy the Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related 
Security pursuant to the Mortgage Sale Agreement. The proceeds from any such sale will be credited to the 
GIC Account and applied as set out in the Guarantee Priority of Payments. 
Method of Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans 
If the Covered Bond Guarantor is required to sell Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to 
Purchasers following repayment of the Demand Loan being demanded by the Demand Loan Provider, 
service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice, a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test or the service of a 
Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered Bond Guarantor will be required to ensure 
that before offering Selected Mortgage Loans for sale: 
(a) 
the Selected Mortgage Loans are selected on a basis that is representative of the Mortgage Loans in 
the Mortgage Loan Portfolio as a whole and that if a Mortgage Loan is selected, its Related Security 
is also selected unless the Related Security also secures a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio that is not also a Selected Mortgage Loan; and 
(b) 
the Selected Mortgage Loans have an aggregate Current Principal Balance in an amount (the Required 
Current Principal Balance Amount) which is as close as possible to the amount calculated as 
follows: 
(i) 
following the Demand Loan Provider making demand that the Demand Loan (or a part of it) 
be repaid, such amount that would ensure that, if the Selected Mortgage Loans were sold at 
their Current Principal Balance plus the Arrears of Interest and Accrued Interest thereon, the 
amount of the Demand Loan that the Demand Loan Provider has made demand for repayment 
as calculated on the date of the demand could be repaid, subject to satisfaction of the Asset 
Coverage Test; or 
(ii) 
following the service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice (but prior to service of a Notice 
to Pay), such amount that would ensure that, if the Selected Mortgage Loans were sold at their 
Current Principal Balance plus the Arrears of Interest and Accrued Interest thereon, the Asset 
Coverage Test would be satisfied on the next Calculation Date taking into account the payment 
obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor on the Trust Payment Date following that 
Calculation Date; or 
(iii) 
following a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test or service of a Notice to Pay: 
 
N x 
Aggregate Current Principal Balance for all 
Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio

--- Page 219 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
217 
 
 
 
The NZ Dollar Equivalent of the Required Redemption Amount 
in 
respect of each Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding 
 
where "N" is an amount equal to the NZ Dollar Equivalent of: 
(x) 
in respect of Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security being sold following a breach 
of the Pre-Maturity Test in respect of a Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, the Required 
Redemption Amount of the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds less amounts 
standing to the credit of the relevant Pre-Maturity Ledger that are not otherwise required to 
provide liquidity for any Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds which mature prior to or on the 
same date as the relevant series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds; or 
(y) 
in respect of Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security being sold following the 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Required Redemption Amount 
of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds less amounts standing to the credit of the GIC 
Account and the principal amount of any Authorised Investments (excluding all amounts to 
be applied on the next following Trust Payment Date to repay higher ranking amounts in the 
Guarantee Priority of Payments and those amounts that are required to repay any Series of 
Covered Bonds which mature prior to or on the same date as the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds). 
The Covered Bond Guarantor or the Trust Manager on its behalf will offer the Selected Mortgage Loans and 
the Related Security for sale to Purchasers for the best price reasonably available but in any event: 
(a) 
following the service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice (but prior to the service of a Notice to 
Pay), for an amount not less than the Current Principal Balance of the Selected Mortgage Loans plus 
the Arrears of Interest and Accrued Interest thereon; and 
(b) 
following a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test or service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, for an amount not less than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount for the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds. 
Following a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test or the service of a Notice to Pay if the Selected Mortgage Loans 
and the Related Security have not been sold (in whole or in part) in an amount equal to the Adjusted Required 
Redemption Amount by the date which is six months prior to, either:  
(a) 
the Final Maturity Date in respect of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (after taking into account 
all payments, provisions and credits to be made in priority thereto) (where the Covered Bonds are not 
subject to an Extended Due for Payment Date in respect of the Covered Bond Guarantee);  
(b) 
the Extended Due for Payment Date in respect of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (after taking 
into account all payments, provisions and credits to be made in priority thereto) (where the Covered 
Bonds are subject to an Extended Due for Payment Date in respect of the Covered Bond Guarantee); 
or 
(c) 
in respect of a sale in connection with the Pre-Maturity Test, the Final Maturity Date of the relevant 
Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, 
then the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf, will offer the Selected Mortgage Loans 
for sale for the best price reasonably available notwithstanding that such amount may be less than the Adjusted

--- Page 220 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
218 
 
 
Required Redemption Amount. Following the service of a Notice to Pay but prior to the occurrence of a 
Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, in addition to offering Selected Mortgage Loans for sale to 
Purchasers in respect of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust 
Manager on its behalf, (subject to the right of pre-emption in favour of the Seller in the Mortgage Sale 
Agreement) is permitted to offer for sale a portfolio of Selected Mortgage Loans, in accordance with the 
provisions summarised above, in respect of other Series of Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor or the Trust Manager on its behalf is also permitted to offer for sale to Purchasers 
a Partial Portfolio. Except in circumstances where the portfolio of Selected Mortgage Loans is being sold 
within six months of, as applicable, the Final Maturity Date or, if the Covered Bonds are subject to an Extended 
Due for Payment Date in respect of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Extended Due for Payment Date in 
respect of the Series of Covered Bonds to be repaid from such proceeds, the sale price of the Partial Portfolio 
shall (as a proportion of the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount) be at least equal to the proportion that 
the aggregate Current Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Partial Portfolio bears to the aggregate 
Current Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the relevant portfolio of Selected Mortgage Loans. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf, will through a tender process appoint a 
portfolio manager of recognised standing on a basis intended to incentivise the portfolio manager to achieve 
the best price for the sale of the Selected Mortgage Loans (if such terms are commercially available in the 
market) to advise it in relation to the sale of the Selected Mortgage Loans to Purchasers (except where the 
Seller is buying the Selected Mortgage Loans in accordance with its right of pre-emption in the Mortgage Sale 
Agreement). The terms of the agreement giving effect to the appointment in accordance with such tender shall 
be approved by the Security Trustee.  
In respect of any sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security following service of an Asset 
Coverage Test Breach Notice (if not revoked) or a Notice to Pay, the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust 
Manager on its behalf, will instruct the portfolio manager to use all reasonable endeavours to procure that 
Selected Mortgage Loans are sold as quickly as reasonably practicable (in accordance with the 
recommendations of the portfolio manager), taking into account the market conditions at that time and the 
scheduled repayment dates of the Covered Bonds and the terms of the Establishment Deed. 
The terms of any sale and purchase agreement with respect to the sale of Selected Mortgage Loans (which 
shall give effect to the recommendations of the portfolio manager) will be subject to the prior written approval 
of the Security Trustee (unless the Selected Mortgage Loans are being sold to the Seller following the exercise 
of its rights of pre-emption under clause 19 of the Mortgage Sale Agreement). The Security Trustee will not 
be required to release the Selected Mortgage Loans from the Security unless the conditions relating to the 
release of the Security (as described under "Security Deed – Release of Security" below) are satisfied. 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay, if Purchasers accept the offer or offers from the Covered Bond 
Guarantor so that some or all of the Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security shall be sold prior to 
the next following Final Maturity Date or, if the Covered Bonds are subject to an Extended Due for Payment 
Date in respect of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the next following Extended Due for Payment Date in respect 
of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, then the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf, 
will, subject to the paragraph above, enter into a sale and purchase agreement with the related Purchasers, 
which will require, amongst other things, a cash payment from the relevant Purchasers. Any such sale will not 
include any representations or warranties from the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Seller in respect of the 
Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security unless expressly agreed by the Security Trustee or 
otherwise agreed with the Seller. 
Limit on Investing in Substitution Assets and Authorised Investments 
Provided no Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is outstanding and prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on 
the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf, will be

--- Page 221 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
219 
 
 
permitted to invest Available Revenue Receipts, Available Principal Receipts and the proceeds of Term 
Advances and Demand Loan Advances standing to the credit of the GIC Account in Substitution Assets, 
provided that the aggregate amount so invested in Substitution Assets does not exceed 15 per cent. of the total 
assets of the Trust at any one time and provided that such investments are made in accordance with the terms 
of the Management Agreement and the Establishment Deed. Depositing any amounts in any Trust Account 
will not constitute an investment in Substitution Assets for these purposes. 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor or a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test, 
all Substitution Assets shall be sold by the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf, as 
quickly as reasonably practicable, and the proceeds credited to the GIC Account after which the Covered Bond 
Guarantor shall be permitted to invest all available moneys in Authorised Investments, provided that such sales 
or investments are made in accordance with the terms of the Management Agreement and the Establishment 
Deed. 
Covenants of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
The Covered Bond Guarantor covenants that, except as provided in or permitted by the Programme 
Documents, it will not: 
(a) 
create or permit to subsist any Security Interest over the whole or any part of the assets of the Trust; 
(b) 
transfer, sell, lend, part with or otherwise dispose of, or deal with, or grant any option or present or 
future right to acquire any of the assets of the Trust or any interest, estate, right, title or benefit therein 
or thereto or agree or attempt or purport to do so; 
(c) 
have an interest in any bank account; 
(d) 
incur any indebtedness in respect of borrowed money whatsoever or give any guarantee or indemnity 
in respect of any such indebtedness; 
(e) 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets substantially 
as an entirety to any other person; 
(f) 
have any employees or premises or subsidiaries; 
(g) 
acquire any assets; 
(h) 
enter into any contracts, agreements or other undertakings; 
(i) 
compromise, compound or release any debt due to it; and 
(j) 
commence, defend, settle or compromise any litigation or other claims relating to it or any of its assets. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor further covenants that it will: 
(a) 
remain tax resident in New Zealand for the purposes of the Tax Act throughout the period for which 
it is acting as trustee of the Trust; and 
(b) 
not perform any of its duties, or exercise any rights in relation to the Trust outside of New Zealand. 
Other Provisions 
The allocation and distribution of Available Revenue Receipts, Available Principal Receipts and all other 
amounts received by the Covered Bond Guarantor is described under Cashflows below.

--- Page 222 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
220 
 
 
The Establishment Deed is governed by New Zealand law. 
Management Agreement 
The Trust Manager will provide certain Cash Management Services and the Calculation Manager will provide 
certain Calculation Management Services to the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Security Trustee pursuant 
to the terms of the Management Agreement entered into on the Programme Date between the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Trust Manager, BNZ (in its capacities as Seller, Servicer, Account Bank and Calculation 
Manager) and the Security Trustee (as the same may be amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time). 
The Cash Management Services will include but will not be limited to: 
(a) 
maintaining the Ledgers on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
(b) 
determining the amount of Mortgage Loan Revenue Receipts and the Mortgage Loan Principal 
Receipts received and Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts to be distributed 
in accordance with the Priorities of Payments described under "Cashflows", below; 
(c) 
determining the amount of Losses incurred on the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio 
during each Calculation Period and the amounts payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor on the 
immediately following Trust Payment Date under the applicable Priority of Payments described under 
"Cashflows", below; 
(d) 
distributing the Available Revenue Receipts and the Available Principal Receipts in accordance with 
the Priorities of Payment described under "Cashflows", below; 
(e) 
maintaining records of all Authorised Investments and Substitution Assets, as applicable. 
The Calculation Management Services will include but will not be limited to: 
(a) 
determining whether the Asset Coverage Test is satisfied on each Calculation Date prior to an Issuer 
Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with 
the Establishment Deed, as more fully described under "Credit Structure - Asset Coverage Test" 
below; 
(b) 
determining whether the Amortisation Test is satisfied on each Calculation Date following an Issuer 
Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor but prior to the service 
of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice in accordance with the Establishment Deed, as 
more fully described under "Credit Structure – Amortisation Test", below;  
(c) 
on each NZ Business Day during the Pre-Maturity Test Period, determining whether the Pre-Maturity 
Test for each Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is satisfied, as more fully described under "Credit 
Structure – Pre-Maturity Liquidity" below. 
In certain circumstances the Covered Bond Guarantor and/or the Security Trustee will each have the right to 
terminate the appointment of the Calculation Manager, in which event the Covered Bond Guarantor will 
appoint a substitute (the identity of which will be subject to the Security Trustee's prior written approval). Any 
substitute calculation manager will have substantially the same rights and obligations as the Calculation 
Manager (although the fee payable to the substitute calculation manager may be higher). 
In certain circumstances the Covered Bond Guarantor and/or the Security Trustee may terminate the 
appointment of the Trust Manager to perform the Cash Management Services, in which event the Covered

--- Page 223 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
221 
 
 
Bond Guarantor will appoint a substitute (the identity of which will be subject to the Security Trustee's prior 
written approval). Any substitute trust manager will have substantially the same rights and obligations as the 
Trust Manager (although the fee payable to the substitute trust manager may be higher). 
The Management Agreement is governed by New Zealand law. 
Swap Agreements 
In order to hedge certain interest rate, currency or other risks in respect of amounts received by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor under the Mortgage Loans, the Substitution Assets, Authorised Investments and certain other 
amounts deposited into the GIC Account and amounts payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement to BNZ and/or amounts payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee to Covered Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds on issue and amounts 
payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Demand Loan Agreement to BNZ, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will enter into certain swap transactions with swap providers as described below. 
Each such swap transaction (including, without limitation, the Interest Rate Swaps and each Covered Bond 
Swap) (the Swaps) will be between a swap provider (the Swap Provider) and the Covered Bond Guarantor 
(and the Trust Manager and the Security Trustee) and will be governed by, and subject to, the 2002 ISDA 
Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border) as published by the International Swaps & Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (ISDA) and Schedule and Credit Support Annex thereto, (such Credit Support Annex to be 
in the form of the 1995 Credit Support Annex (Transfer - English law) published by ISDA) and the 
Confirmation evidencing the relevant swap transaction (together, the Swap Agreements). 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement 
Some of the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio from time to time pay a variable amount of 
interest. Other Mortgage Loans pay a fixed rate of interest for a period of time. However, the NZ Dollar 
payments to be made by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Swaps and the Demand Loan 
will be based on the Bank Bill Rate for three month NZ Dollar deposits. To provide a hedge against the variance 
between: 
(a) 
the rates of interest payable on the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, the Substitution 
Assets, Authorised Investments and certain other amounts deposited into the GIC Account; and 
(b) 
the Bank Bill Rate for three month NZ Dollar deposits, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the Security Trustee and the Interest Rate Swap Provider 
will enter into Interest Rate Swaps under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement.  
The Interest Rate Swap Agreement is governed by English law. 
Covered Bond Swap Agreements 
Where Covered Bonds are issued in a currency and/or on an interest rate basis different to the Interest Rate 
Swap, the Covered Bond Guarantor will enter into one or more Covered Bond Swaps with one or more 
Covered Bond Swap Providers. 
Each Covered Bond Swap may be either a "Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap" or a "Non-Forward 
Starting Covered Bond Swap" and each will constitute the sole Transaction (as described in the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap) under a single Covered Bond Swap Agreement (such Covered Bond Swap Agreements, 
together, the "Covered Bond Swap Agreements"). Where the Covered Bond Guarantor enters into a Forward 
Starting Covered Bond Swap, the related Term Advance made under the Intercompany Loan Agreement will

--- Page 224 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
222 
 
 
be made in NZ Dollars, regardless of the currency of the relevant Series or Tranche, as applicable, of Covered 
Bonds. 
Each Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap will provide a hedge (after service of a Notice to Pay on the 
Covered Bond Guarantor) against certain interest rate, currency and/or other risks in respect of amounts 
received by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Mortgage Loans and the Interest Rate Swap and amounts 
payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of the Covered Bonds 
(after service of a Notice to Pay). 
Each Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap will provide a hedge against certain interest rate, currency 
and/or other risks in respect of amounts received by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Mortgage Loans 
and the Interest Rate Swaps and amounts payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Intercompany 
Loan Agreement (prior to service of a Notice to Pay) and under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (after service of a Notice to Pay). 
Where required to hedge such risks, there will be one (or more) Covered Bond Swap Agreement(s) and 
Covered Bond Swap(s) in relation to each Series or Tranche, as applicable, of Covered Bonds. 
Under the Forward Starting Covered Bond Swaps, the Covered Bond Swap Provider will pay to the Covered 
Bond Guarantor on each Interest Payment Date (or on the second Business Day following service of a Notice 
to Pay in the case of the first such Interest Payment Date) after service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, an amount equal to the amounts that are then payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of interest payable under the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. In return, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor will pay to the Covered Bond Swap Provider on each Trust Payment Date after 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor an amount in NZ Dollars calculated by reference 
to the Bank Bill Rate for three month NZ Dollar deposits plus a spread. Unless the Covered Bond Swap 
terminates earlier, on the first to occur of (i) the date on which the Early Redemption Amount is payable; and 
(ii) the Final Maturity Date, in each case in relation to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bond 
Swap Provider will pay to the Covered Bond Guarantor an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount or 
the Final Redemption Amount (as the case may be) of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds in exchange for 
payment by the Covered Bond Guarantor of the NZ Dollar Equivalent of that amount. If payment of any 
Guaranteed Amounts representing the Final Redemption Amount of a Series of Covered Bonds is deferred 
until the Extended Due for Payment Date: 
(a) 
and if, on any Interest Payment Date from (and including) the Final Maturity Date to (but excluding) 
the Extended Due for Payment Date of the relevant Series, an amount is available to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments to be applied to repay the Final 
Redemption Amount of the relevant Series on that date, the Covered Bond Swap Provider will pay to 
the Covered Bond Guarantor an amount equal to that part of the Final Redemption Amount that is to 
be repaid on that date, in exchange for payment by the Covered Bond Guarantor of the NZ Dollar 
Equivalent of that amount; and 
(b) 
in the event that an Early Redemption Amount is not paid on any Interest Payment Date from (and 
including) the Final Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Due for Payment Date of the 
relevant Series, the Covered Bond Swap Provider will, on the Extended Due for Payment Date of the 
relevant Series, pay to the Covered Bond Guarantor an amount equal to the Final Redemption Amount 
of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, in exchange for payment by the Covered Bond Guarantor of 
the NZ Dollar Equivalent of that amount. 
Under the Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swaps: 
(a) 
if a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is denominated in NZ Dollars and the interest rate payable 
on such Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is a fixed rate of interest, the Covered Bond Swap

--- Page 225 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
223 
 
 
Provider will pay to the Covered Bond Guarantor on each Intercompany Loan Interest Payment Date 
an amount equal to the relevant amounts that would be payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under 
either the related Term Advance in accordance with the provisions of the Intercompany Loan 
Agreement or the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of interest payable under the relevant Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds. In return, the Covered Bond Guarantor will pay to the Covered Bond 
Swap Provider on each Trust Payment Date an amount in NZ Dollars calculated by reference to the 
Bank Bill Rate for three month NZ Dollar deposits plus a spread; and 
(b) 
if a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is not denominated in NZ Dollars, on the relevant Issue Date, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor will pay to the Covered Bond Swap Provider an amount equal to the 
amount received by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the related Term Advance (being the aggregate 
nominal amount of such Series or Tranche, as applicable, of Covered Bonds) and in return the Covered 
Bond Swap Provider will pay to the Covered Bond Guarantor the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the first 
mentioned amount. Thereafter, the Covered Bond Swap Provider will pay to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor on each Intercompany Loan Interest Payment Date an amount equal to the relevant amounts 
that would be payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under either the related Term Advance in 
accordance with the terms of the Intercompany Loan Agreement or the Covered Bond Guarantee in 
respect of interest and principal payable under the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. In 
return, the Covered Bond Guarantor will pay to the Covered Bond Swap Provider on each Trust 
Payment Date an amount in NZ Dollars calculated by reference to the Bank Bill Rate for three month 
NZ Dollar deposits plus a spread and the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the relevant portion of any principal 
due to be repaid in respect of the related Term Advance in accordance with the Intercompany Loan 
Agreement. 
Each Covered Bond Swap will terminate on the date on which all the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series 
have been repaid or redeemed in full. 
Rating Downgrade Event 
Under the terms of each Swap Agreement, in the event that the rating(s) of the Swap Provider is downgraded 
by a Rating Agency below the rating(s) specified in the relevant Swap Agreement (in accordance with the 
requirements of the Rating Agencies) for that Swap Provider, that Swap Provider will, in accordance with the 
relevant Swap Agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures which may include: 
(a) 
providing collateral for its obligations under the Swap Agreement, or 
(b) 
arranging for its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement to be transferred to a replacement 
entity provided that either (i) such entity is an entity with the ratings required by the relevant Rating 
Agency or (ii) the relevant Rating Agency has confirmed that such transfer will not adversely affect 
the ratings of the then outstanding Series of Covered Bonds, or 
(c) 
procuring another entity to become co-obligor or guarantor in respect of its obligations under the Swap 
Agreement provided that either (i) such entity is an entity with the ratings required by the relevant 
Rating Agency or (ii) the relevant Rating Agency has confirmed that such co-obligor or guarantor will 
not adversely affect the ratings of the then outstanding Series of Covered Bonds, or 
(d) 
taking such other action or putting in place such alternative hedging as it may agree with the relevant 
Rating Agency.  
A failure to take such steps within the time periods specified in the Swap Agreement will allow the Covered 
Bond Guarantor to terminate the Swap Agreement.

--- Page 226 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
224 
 
 
Other Termination Events 
A Swap Agreement may also be terminated early in certain other circumstances, including: 
(a) 
at the option of any party to the Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the other party to pay any 
amounts due under such Swap Agreement;  
(b) 
upon the occurrence of an insolvency event in relation to the Swap Provider, or the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, or the merger of one of the parties to such Swap Agreement without an assumption of the 
obligations under such Swap Agreement (except in respect of a transfer by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor to the Security Trustee in its fiduciary capacity);  
(c) 
there is a change of law, a change in application of the relevant law or consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger, transfer of assets, reorganisation, reincorporation or reconstruction of or by a party which 
results in the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Swap Provider (or both) being obliged to make a 
withholding or deduction on account of a tax on a payment to be made by such party to the other party 
under such Swap Agreement and the Swap Provider thereby being required under the terms of such 
Swap Agreement to gross up payments made to the Covered Bond Guarantor, or to receive net 
payments from the Covered Bond Guarantor (who is not required under the terms of such Swap 
Agreement to gross up payments made to the Swap Provider); 
(d) 
an event or circumstance occurs which results in the illegality of the obligations to be performed by 
either party under the Swap Agreement or a force majeure event which renders performance 
impossible or impractical; 
(e) 
in relation to a Covered Bond Swap only, if the corresponding Series of Covered Bonds are redeemed 
or cancelled; and 
(f) 
the making of an amendment (without the consent of the Swap Provider) to the Priorities of Payment 
which has a material adverse effect on the amounts paid to the Swap Provider under the Priorities of 
Payments such that the Covered Bond Guarantor’s obligations under the Swap Agreement are further 
contractually subordinated to its obligations to any other Secured Creditor. 
Upon the termination of a Swap Agreement, the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Swap Provider may be liable 
to make a termination payment to the other party in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Swap 
Agreement.  
Swap Agreement Credit Support Document 
The Covered Bond Guarantor and each Swap Provider will also enter into a credit support document in the 
form of the ISDA 1995 Credit Support Annex (Transfer - English law) to the ISDA Master Agreement (the 
Swap Agreement Credit Support Document). The Swap Agreement Credit Support Document will provide 
that, from time to time, if required to do so following its downgrade and subject to the conditions specified in 
the Swap Agreement Credit Support Document, the relevant Swap Provider will make transfers of collateral 
to the Covered Bond Guarantor in support of its obligations under the Swap Agreement (the Swap Collateral) 
and the Covered Bond Guarantor will be obliged to return equivalent collateral in accordance with the terms 
of the Swap Agreement Credit Support Document. The Swap Agreement Credit Support Document will be 
governed by English law. 
Swap Collateral required to be posted by the relevant Swap Provider pursuant to the terms of the Swap 
Agreement Credit Support Document will be delivered in the form of cash. Cash amounts will be paid into an 
account designated as a Swap Collateral Cash Account. References to a Swap Collateral Cash Account and

--- Page 227 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
225 
 
 
to payments from such accounts are deemed to be a reference to payments from such accounts as and when 
opened by the Covered Bond Guarantor.  
If a Swap Collateral Cash Account is opened, cash (and all income in respect thereof) transferred as collateral 
will only be available to be applied in returning collateral (and income thereon) or in satisfaction of amounts 
owing by the Swap Provider in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement Credit Support Document. 
Any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts will be paid to the relevant Swap Provider directly and not via the 
Priorities of Payments. 
Limited Recourse 
All obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor to the relevant Swap Provider under the Swap Agreements are 
limited in recourse to the Charged Property. 
Governing Law 
The Swap Agreements will be governed by English law. 
Account Bank Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of the Account Bank Agreement entered into on the Programme Date between the 
Covered Bond Guarantor (in its capacity as Covered Bond Guarantor, All Moneys Mortgage Trustee and All 
Moneys Mortgage Beneficiary), BNZ (in its capacities as Account Bank, Calculation Manager and All Moneys 
Mortgage Beneficiary), the Trust Manager and the Security Trustee (as the same may be amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time), the Covered Bond Guarantor will maintain with the Account 
Bank the GIC Account described below, the Transactions Accounts, the All Moneys Mortgage Trust Account 
and the Swap Collateral Cash Account, which will be operated in accordance with the Management 
Agreement, the Establishment Deed, the Security Deed and the relevant Swap Agreements. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor or the Security Trustee may, upon written notice to the Account Bank, terminate 
the appointment of the Account Bank if the following matters occur: 
(a) 
if a deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax is imposed, or it appears likely that such a 
deduction or withholding will be imposed, in respect of the interest payable on any Trust Account, as 
applicable; or 
(b) 
if the Account Bank fails to make payment on the due date of any payment due and payable by it under 
the Account Bank Agreement and such default is not waived by the Covered Bond Guarantor (with 
the prior written consent of the Security Trustee) or the Security Trustee, as applicable, and such 
default continues unremedied for a period of five NZ Business Days; or 
(c) 
if the Account Bank fails to perform any of its other material obligations under the Account Bank 
Agreement, the Security Deed or any other Programme Document to which it is a party which is, in 
the opinion of the Security Trustee, materially prejudicial to the holders of Covered Bonds (and such 
failure is not waived by the Covered Bond Guarantor with the prior written consent of the Security 
Trustee (acting on the directions of the Bond Trustee (for so long as any Covered Bonds are 
outstanding) or (if there are no Covered Bonds outstanding) of the Majority Secured Creditors)) and 
such failure remains unremedied for a period of 10 NZ Business Days after the Trust Manager or the 
Security Trustee has given notice of such failure to the Account Bank, 
and the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Security Trustee shall, upon written notice to the Account Bank, 
terminate the appointment of the Account Bank if the following matters occur:

--- Page 228 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
226 
 
 
(d) 
if the Account Bank ceases to be a Qualified Institution and the Account Bank does not, within 30 
days of the occurrence of such event, obtain a guarantee of its obligations under the Account Bank 
Agreement from a Qualified Institution and provided further that the Rating Agencies have confirmed 
that the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds would not be reduced, qualified or withdrawn as a 
result of obtaining such guarantee; or 
(e) 
if an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Account Bank. 
The Account Bank Agreement is governed by New Zealand law. 
Security Deed 
Pursuant to the terms of the Security Deed entered into on the Programme Date by, inter alia, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the Security Trustee and the other Secured Creditors, as security for 
payment of the Secured Obligations, the Covered Bond Guarantor:  
(a) 
grants a security interest in all of its present and after acquired right, title and interest in the assets of 
the Trust which comprise present and after-acquired personal property to which the PPSA applies 
(Charged Personal Property) in favour of the Security Trustee; and 
(b) 
charges all of its present and future right, title and interest in, and all of its present and future rights in 
relation to, any assets of the Trust which are land and any other property other than any Charged 
Personal Property (Charged Other Property), in favour of the Security Trustee. 
The Security is a fixed charge in respect of all Charged Other Property except where, but only to the extent 
that, the Security is not legally and fully effective as a fixed charged, in which event the Security shall be a 
floating charge. Any floating charge shall become a fixed charge automatically and immediately in respect of 
all Charged Other Property subject to the floating charge:  
(c) 
without the need for any notice to or act by the Security Trustee, following the service of a Covered 
Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor; and 
(d) 
in respect of any such Charged Other Property specified in any notice which may be given by the 
Security Trustee to the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Trust Manager at any time if, in the opinion 
of the Security Trustee, that Charged Other Property is at risk of being seized, taken or becoming 
subject to any Security Interest other than any Security Interest expressly permitted under the 
Programme Documents. 
Release of Security 
In the event of any sale of Mortgage Loans (including Selected Mortgage Loans) and their Related Security 
(and any other related rights under the same) by or on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to and 
in accordance with the Programme Documents, such Mortgage Loans and the Related Security (and any other 
related rights under the same) shall no longer form part of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and the Security Trustee 
shall, if so requested in writing by the Covered Bond Guarantor (or the Trust Manager on its behalf) (at the 
sole cost and expense of the Covered Bond Guarantor) take all reasonable steps necessary to ensure the release 
or discharge of those Mortgage Loans and the Related Security (and any other related rights under the same) 
from the Security Interests created by and pursuant to the Security Deed on or prior to the date of such sale, 
provided that: 
(a) 
the Security Trustee provides its prior written consent to the terms of such sale as described under 
"Establishment Deed – Method of Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans" above; and

--- Page 229 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
227 
 
 
(b) 
the Trust Manager shall have provided to the Security Trustee a certificate that such sale of Mortgage 
Loans and the Related Security has been made in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Documents and, in the case of Selected Mortgage Loans only, that the Selected Mortgage Loans have 
been selected on a basis that is representative of the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio 
as a whole.  
Enforcement 
If a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice is served on the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Security 
Trustee shall be entitled to appoint a Receiver, and/or enforce the Security constituted by the Security Deed 
(including selling the Mortgage Loan Portfolio), and/or take such steps as it shall deem necessary, subject in 
each case to being indemnified and/or prefunded and/or secured to its satisfaction. All proceeds received by 
the Security Trustee from the enforcement or realisation of the Security will be applied in accordance with the 
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments described under "Cashflows" below. 
The Security Deed is governed by New Zealand law. 
Issuer-ICSDs Agreement 
Prior to the issuance of any NGCBs, the Bank will enter into an Issuer-ICSDs Agreement with the ICSDs in 
respect of any Covered Bonds issued in NGCB form. The Issuer-ICSDs Agreement provides that the ICSDs 
will, in respect of any such NGCBs, maintain their respective portion of the issue outstanding amount through 
their records. 
The Issuer-ICSDs Agreement will be governed by English law.

--- Page 230 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
228 
 
 
CREDIT STRUCTURE 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured and unconditional obligations of the Issuer. The Covered Bond 
Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts under the Covered Bond Guarantee until the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, service by the Bond Trustee on the Issuer of an Issuer Acceleration 
Notice and on the Covered Bond Guarantor of a Notice to Pay or, if earlier, following the occurrence of a 
Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, service by the Bond Trustee on the Covered Bond Guarantor and 
the Issuer of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice. The Issuer will not be relying on any payments 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor in order to pay interest or repay principal under the Covered Bonds. 
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of timely and, as applicable, 
ultimate payments to Covered Bondholders, as follows: 
(a) 
the Covered Bond Guarantee provides credit support to the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Pre-Maturity Test is intended to provide liquidity to the Covered Bond Guarantor in relation to 
amounts of principal due on the Final Maturity Date of the Hard Bullet Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
the Asset Coverage Test is intended to test the asset coverage of the Covered Bond Guarantor's assets 
in respect of the Covered Bonds on a three-monthly basis; 
(d) 
the Amortisation Test is intended to test the asset coverage of the Covered Bond Guarantor's assets in 
respect of the Covered Bonds following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, service on the 
Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and service of a Notice to 
Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
(e) 
a Reserve Fund will be established in the GIC Account to trap Available Revenue Receipts if BNZ's 
short-term, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed obligations fall below F1+ by Fitch and P-1 
by Moody's; and 
(f) 
under the terms of the Account Bank Agreement, the Account Bank has agreed to pay a rate of interest 
per annum equal to the Bank Bill Rate for three month NZ Dollar deposits (which shall be the rate 
determined by the Account Bank on each Calculation Date or, in the case of the first Calculation 
Period, the First Issue Date) on all amounts held by the Covered Bond Guarantor in the GIC Account. 
Certain of these factors are considered more fully in the remainder of this section. 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Pursuant to the terms of the Bond Trust Deed, the Covered Bond Guarantor has guaranteed payments of interest 
and principal under the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer. The Covered Bond Guarantor has agreed to pay 
an amount equal to the Guaranteed Amounts when the same shall become Due for Payment but which would 
otherwise be unpaid by the Issuer. The obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional (following service of a Notice to Pay or a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice) and unsubordinated obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor, secured as provided in 
the Security Deed. The Bond Trustee will be required to serve a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default (whereupon the Covered Bonds will become 
immediately due and payable as against the Issuer but not at such time as against the Covered Bond Guarantor). 
A Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice may be served by the Bond Trustee on the Issuer and the 
Covered Bond Guarantor following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default. If a 
Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice is served, the Covered Bonds will become immediately due and 
payable (if they have not already become due and payable) and the obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor

--- Page 231 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
229 
 
 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be accelerated and the Security Trustee will be entitled to enforce the 
Security. Payments made by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be made 
subject to, and in accordance with, the Guarantee Priority of Payments or the Post-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments, as applicable. 
See further "Overview of the Principal Documents — Bond Trust Deed" as regards the terms of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee.  
See further "Cashflows — Guarantee Priority of Payments" as regards the payment of amounts payable by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to Covered Bondholders and other Secured Creditors following service of a Notice 
to Pay. 
Pre-Maturity Liquidity 
Each Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is subject to a Pre-Maturity Test on each Business Day during the 
Pre-Maturity Test Period prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and/or a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default. The Pre-Maturity Test is intended to provide liquidity for such Covered Bonds 
when BNZ's credit ratings fall to a certain level within a specified period prior to the maturity of such Covered 
Bonds. If the Pre-Maturity Test is breached within such specified period and certain actions are not taken, an 
Issuer Event of Default will occur. 
Asset Coverage Test 
The Asset Coverage Test is intended to test the asset coverage of the Covered Bond Guarantor's assets in 
respect of the Covered Bonds on a three-monthly basis. This is to ensure that the assets of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor do not fall below a certain threshold and are sufficient for the Covered Bond Guarantor to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee and senior expenses which rank in priority or pari passu with 
amounts due on the Covered Bonds.  
The Establishment Deed provides that, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
the assets of the Covered Bond Guarantor are subject to the Asset Coverage Test. Accordingly, for so long as 
Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Covered Bond Guarantor must ensure that on each Calculation Date, 
the Adjusted Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount will be in an amount equal to or in excess of the NZ Dollar 
Equivalent of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds from time to time. The Asset 
Coverage Test will be tested by the Calculation Manager on each Calculation Date.  
Pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement, the Seller has agreed to use all reasonable efforts to 
transfer Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to the Covered Bond Guarantor in order to ensure that the 
Mortgage Loan Portfolio is in compliance with the Asset Coverage Test. The consideration payable to the 
Seller for the sale of such Mortgage Loans and Related Security to the Covered Bond Guarantor may be funded 
by (i) cash available to the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay for such Mortgage Loans and Related Security in 
accordance with the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments; and/or (ii) a drawing under the Demand 
Loan Agreement. 
Alternatively, the Covered Bond Guarantor may purchase Substitution Assets or request drawings under the 
Demand Loan Agreement (as directed by the Trust Manager) in order to ensure that the Covered Bond 
Guarantor is in compliance with the Asset Coverage Test.  
If the Adjusted Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount is less than the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of all Covered Bonds on a Calculation Date and also on the next following 
Calculation Date, the Asset Coverage Test will be breached and the Bond Trustee will serve an Asset Coverage 
Test Breach Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor (subject to the Bond Trustee having actual knowledge or 
express notice of the breach). The Bond Trustee shall be deemed to revoke an Asset Coverage Test Breach

--- Page 232 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
230 
 
 
Notice if, on the next Calculation Date to occur following the service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice, 
the Asset Coverage Test is subsequently satisfied and neither a Notice to Pay nor a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice has been served. If the Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is not revoked on the next 
Calculation Date after service of such Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice an Issuer Event of Default will 
occur. 
See further "Overview of the Principal Documents – Establishment Deed – Asset Coverage Test", above. 
Amortisation Test 
The Amortisation Test is intended to ensure that, following service of a Notice to Pay, the assets of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor do not fall below a certain threshold to ensure that the assets of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
are sufficient to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee and senior expenses which rank in 
priority or pari passu with amounts due on the Covered Bonds.  
Pursuant to the Establishment Deed, the Covered Bond Guarantor must ensure that on each Calculation Date 
following service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor but prior to the enforcement of the 
Security in accordance with the Security Deed, the Amortisation Test Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount is in 
an amount at least equal to the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding under 
the Covered Bonds.  
See further "Overview of the Principal Documents — Establishment Deed — Amortisation Test", above. 
Reserve Fund 
If, on a Calculation Date, BNZ’s short-term, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are 
not rated at least P-1 by Moody’s and F1+ by Fitch the Covered Bond Guarantor is required to establish a 
reserve fund within the GIC Account and to credit, on the next Trust Payment Date, to the Reserve Fund the 
proceeds of Available Revenue Receipts or the remaining proceeds of a Term Advance up to an amount equal 
to (a) the higher of the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the interest (i) that will accrue on each Series of Covered 
Bonds then outstanding from (and including) such Calculation Date to (but excluding) the date falling three 
months after such Calculation Date, and (ii) due for payment on each Series of Covered Bonds from (and 
including) such Calculation Date to (but excluding) the date falling three months after such Calculation Date, 
and (b) an amount equal to one-quarter of the anticipated aggregate annual amount payable in respect of the 
items specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of the Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments. On 7 April 
2020, Fitch downgraded the short-term credit rating of BNZ from "F1+" to "F1". As a result of this a Reserve 
Fund has been established by the Covered Bond Guarantor.

--- Page 233 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
231 
 
 
CASHFLOWS 
As described above under Credit Structure, until a Notice to Pay or Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration 
Notice is served on the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered Bonds will be obligations of the Issuer only. 
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds, whether or not it has received any 
corresponding payment from the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
This section summarises the Priorities of Payments of the Covered Bond Guarantor, as to the allocation and 
distribution of amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction Accounts and their order of priority: 
(a) 
prior to the service of a Notice to Pay or a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice and/or 
commencement of winding-up proceedings against the Trust and/or realisation of the Security; 
(b) 
following service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice and/or commencement of winding-up proceedings against the Trust and/or 
realisation of the Security); and 
(c) 
following the service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice and/or commencement of 
winding-up proceedings against the Trust and/or realisation of the Security, 
all in accordance with the Establishment Deed and Security Deed, as applicable. 
If a Transaction Account is closed in accordance with the terms of the Account Bank Agreement, any payment 
to be made to or from the relevant Transaction Account shall, as applicable, be made to or from the GIC 
Account, or no payment shall be made at all if such payment is expressed to be from the GIC Account to the 
relevant Transaction Account. 
Allocation and distribution of Available Revenue Receipts prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, or a 
Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice and/or the commencement of winding up proceedings against 
the Trust and/or the realisation of the Security  
Prior to the service of a Notice to Pay or a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice and/or the 
commencement of winding-up proceedings against the Trust and/or realisation of the Security, Available 
Revenue Receipts standing to the credit of the Transaction Accounts shall be allocated and distributed as 
described below. 
On the Calculation Date immediately preceding each Trust Payment Date, the Covered Bond Guarantor, or 
the Trust Manager on its behalf, shall calculate:  
(a) 
the amount of Available Revenue Receipts available for distribution on the following Trust Payment 
Date; 
(b) 
the Reserve Fund Required Amount if applicable; and 
(c) 
if the Pre-Maturity Test has been breached in respect of a Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, on 
each Calculation Date falling within the Pre-Maturity Test Period, whether or not the amount standing 
to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Ledger at such date is less than the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the 
Required Redemption Amount for the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds at such date (after 
deducting from the balance standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Ledger such amount as is then 
required to repay any Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds which mature prior to or on the same date 
as the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds).

--- Page 234 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
232 
 
 
On each Trust Payment Date, the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf, shall 
transfer funds from the GIC Account to the Transaction Accounts, in an amount equal to the lower of 
(a) the amount required to make the payments or credits described below and (b) the amount of 
Available Revenue Receipts standing to the credit of the GIC Account.  
Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments 
On each Trust Payment Date (except for amounts due to third parties by the Covered Bond Guarantor described 
below under (a) which in each case shall be paid when due and except for Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts 
due to the Swap Provider by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the relevant Swap Agreement which shall be 
paid directly to the relevant Swap Provider), the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf, 
will apply Available Revenue Receipts from the Transaction Accounts to make the following payments and 
provisions in the following order of priority (Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments) (in each case 
only if and to the extent that payments or provisions of a higher priority have been made in full):  
(a) 
first, in or towards satisfaction of any amounts due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor to 
itself as trustee of the Trust, the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee, any remuneration due and 
payable to each Agent under the provisions of the Agency Agreements and any amounts due and 
payable to other third parties and incurred without breach by the Covered Bond Guarantor of the 
Programme Documents to which it is a party (and for which payment has not been provided for 
elsewhere in the relevant Priorities of Payments) and to provide for any such amounts expected to 
become due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor in the Trust Payment Period in which such 
Trust Payment Date occurs and to discharge any liability of the Covered Bond Guarantor for Taxes; 
(b) 
second, in or towards satisfaction pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts thereof 
of: 
(i) 
any remuneration (other than for the subordinated servicing fee (if any) that is payable under 
paragraph (k) below) then due and payable to the Servicer and any costs, charges, liabilities 
and expenses then due or to become due and payable to the Servicer under the provisions of 
the Servicing Agreement in the Trust Payment Period in which such Trust Payment Date 
occurs, together with applicable GST (or other similar Taxes) thereon; 
(ii) 
any remuneration then due and payable to the Calculation Manager and any costs, charges, 
liabilities and expenses then due or to become due and payable to the Calculation Manager 
under the provisions of the Management Agreement in the Trust Payment Period in which 
such Trust Payment Date occurs, together with applicable GST (or other similar Taxes) 
thereon; 
(iii) 
amounts (if any) due and payable to the Account Bank (including costs) pursuant to the terms 
of the Account Bank Agreement, together with applicable GST (or other similar Taxes) 
thereon; 
(iv) 
amounts due and payable to the Asset Monitor pursuant to the terms of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement (other than the amounts referred to in paragraph (i) below), together with 
applicable GST (or other similar Taxes) thereon; and 
(v) 
any remuneration then due and payable to the Trust Manager and any costs, charges, liabilities 
and expenses then due or to become due and payable to the Trust Manager pursuant to the 
Establishment Deed and the Management Agreement in the Trust Payment Period in which 
such Trust Payment Date occurs, together with any applicable GST (or other similar Taxes) 
thereon;

--- Page 235 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
233 
 
 
(c) 
third, in or towards payment on the Trust Payment Date or to provide for payment on such date in the 
future of such proportion of the relevant payment falling due in the future as the Trust Manager may 
reasonably determine of any amount due or to become due and payable to the Interest Rate Swap 
Provider in respect of the Interest Rate Swaps (including any termination payment due and payable by 
the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Interest Rate Swaps but excluding any Excluded Swap 
Termination Amount) (except to the extent that such amounts have been paid out of any premium 
received from any replacement Interest Rate Swap Provider) pursuant to the terms of the Interest Rate 
Swap Agreements; 
(d) 
fourth, in or towards payment on the Trust Payment Date or to provide for payment on such date in 
the future of such proportion of the relevant payments falling due in the future as the Trust Manager 
may reasonably determine, pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts thereof of: 
(i) 
any amounts due or to become due and payable to the Covered Bond Swap Provider (other 
than in respect of principal) pro rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant Covered Bond 
Swap (including any termination payment due and payable (other than in respect of principal) 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, but 
excluding any Excluded Swap Termination Amount) (except to the extent that such amounts 
have been paid out of any premiums received from any relevant replacement Covered Bond 
Swap Provider) in accordance with the terms of the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement; 
and 
(ii) 
any amounts due or to become due and payable (excluding principal amounts) to the 
Intercompany Loan Provider pro rata and pari passu in respect of each Term Advance 
pursuant to the terms of the Intercompany Loan Agreement, but in the case of any such 
payment, after taking into account any amounts (other than principal) receivable from the 
Covered Bond Swap Provider under the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement on the Trust 
Payment Date or such date in the future as the Calculation Manager may reasonably 
determine,  
but, in the case of any such payment or provision, after taking into account any amounts receivable 
from the Interest Rate Swap Provider under the Interest Rate Swap Agreements and, if applicable, any 
amounts (other than principal) receivable from the Covered Bond Swap Provider under the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement on the Trust Payment Date or such date in the future as the Trust 
Manager may reasonably determine; 
(e) 
fifth, in or towards payment on the Trust Payment Date of, if the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust 
Manager on its behalf, is required to make a deposit to the Pre-Maturity Ledger following a breach of 
the Pre-Maturity Test, the amount of that deposit towards a credit to the Pre-Maturity Ledger and 
deposit into the GIC Account of an amount equal to (A) the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the Required 
Redemption Amount for the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds calculated as at the 
immediately preceding Calculation Date, less (B) any amounts standing to the credit of the Pre-
Maturity Ledger as at the immediately preceding Calculation Date after having deducted the NZ Dollar 
Equivalent of the Required Redemption Amount of all other Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, as 
calculated on such Calculation Date, which mature prior to or on the same date as such relevant Series 
of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds referred to in (A); 
(f) 
sixth, if a Servicer Termination Event has occurred, all remaining Available Revenue Receipts to be 
deposited into the GIC Account (with a corresponding credit to the Revenue Ledger) until such 
Servicer Termination Event is either remedied by the Servicer or waived by the Security Trustee 
(acting on the directions of the Bond Trustee, or, if no Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Majority 
Secured Creditors) or a replacement servicer is appointed to service the Mortgage Loan Portfolio (or 
the relevant part thereof);

--- Page 236 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
234 
 
 
(g) 
seventh, in or towards a credit to the Reserve Ledger and deposit into the GIC Account of an amount 
up to but not exceeding the amount by which the Reserve Fund Required Amount exceeds the existing 
balance on the Reserve Ledger as calculated on the immediately preceding Calculation Date; 
(h) 
eighth, in or towards payment pro rata and pari passu in accordance with the respective amounts 
thereof of any Excluded Swap Termination Amounts due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
under the Swap Agreements, except to the extent such amounts have been paid out of any premiums 
received from any relevant replacement Swap Provider; 
(i) 
ninth, in or towards payment of any indemnity amount due to the Asset Monitor pursuant to the Asset 
Monitor Agreement; 
(j) 
tenth, any interest amount due, or to become due and payable in respect of the Demand Loan, to the 
Demand Loan Provider pursuant to the terms of the Demand Loan Agreement; 
(k) 
eleventh, as a subordinated servicing fee to the Servicer, the amount that is payable to the Servicer as 
a servicing fee in accordance with the Subordinated Servicing Fee Letter; and 
(l) 
twelfth, the remainder: 
(i) 
subject to sub-paragraph (ii) below: 
(A) 
except for the Trust Payment Date that occurs on or immediately after the day on 
which the Net Annual Income of the Trust for a Fiscal Period has vested absolutely 
in the Residual Income Beneficiary in accordance with the Establishment Deed, to be 
deposited into the GIC Account (with a corresponding credit to the Residual Income 
Beneficiary Ledger); and 
(B) 
on the Trust Payment Date that occurs on or immediately after the day on which the 
Net Annual Income of the Trust for a Fiscal Period has vested absolutely in the 
Residual Income Beneficiary in accordance with the Establishment Deed, to the 
Residual Income Beneficiary by way of distribution of the Net Annual Income of the 
Trust which has vested absolutely in the Residual Income Beneficiary (with a 
corresponding debit to the Residual Income Beneficiary Ledger); and 
(ii) 
to the extent the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf, is not satisfied 
that the Residual Income Beneficiary has paid or made provision for payment of income tax 
(if any) in respect of the income of the Trust and distributions made or to be made under this 
paragraph (l), to be deposited into the GIC Account (with a corresponding credit to the 
Residual Income Beneficiary Ledger) and either; 
(A) 
paid to the Commissioner of Inland Revenue to meet any unpaid income tax liability 
in respect of the income of the Trust and distribution of income of the Trust; or  
(B) 
upon being satisfied that the Residual Income Beneficiary has paid or made provision 
for payment of income tax (if any) in respect of the income of the Trust and 
distributions made or to be made under this paragraph (l), paid to the Residual Income 
Beneficiary by way of distribution of the income of the Trust (with a corresponding 
debit to the Residual Income Beneficiary Ledger).

--- Page 237 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
235 
 
 
Allocation and Distribution of Available Revenue Receipts following service of an Asset Coverage Test 
Breach Notice 
At any time after service on the Covered Bond Guarantor of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice (which 
has not been revoked), but prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer 
Acceleration Notice or, if earlier, the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and service 
of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice and/or the commencement of winding up proceedings 
against the Trust and/or realisation of the Security, all Available Revenue Receipts will continue to be applied 
in accordance with the Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments save that, whilst any Covered Bonds 
remain outstanding, no moneys will be applied under paragraphs (d)(ii), (j), (k) or (l) of the Pre-Acceleration 
Revenue Priority of Payments, and the remainder (if any) will be deposited into the GIC Account (with a 
corresponding credit to the Revenue Ledger) and applied as Available Revenue Receipts on the next 
succeeding Trust Payment Date. 
Allocation and Distribution of Available Principal Receipts prior to service of a Notice to Pay, or a Covered 
Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice and/or the commencement of winding up proceedings against the 
Trust and/or the realisation of the Security 
Prior to the service of a Notice to Pay or a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice and/or the 
commencement of winding-up proceedings against the Trust and/or the realisation of the Security, Available 
Principal Receipts standing to the credit of the Transaction Accounts shall be allocated and distributed as 
described below. 
On each Calculation Date, the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf, shall calculate the 
amount of Available Principal Receipts available for distribution on the immediately following Trust Payment 
Date. 
On each Trust Payment Date, the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf, will transfer 
funds from the GIC Account to the Transaction Accounts, in an amount equal to the lower of (a) the amount 
required to make the payments or credits described below and (b) the amount of all Available Principal 
Receipts standing to the credit of the GIC Account.  
Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments 
On each Trust Payment Date, the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf, will apply 
Available Principal Receipts from the Transaction Accounts (other than Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts 
due to the Swap Provider by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the relevant Swap Agreement which shall be 
paid directly to the relevant Swap Provider in accordance with the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement) in 
making the following payments or provisions or credits in the following order or priority (Pre-Acceleration 
Principal Priority of Payments) (in each case only if and to the extent that payments or provisions of a higher 
priority have been paid in full to the extent the same are payable on the relevant Trust Payment Date): 
(a) 
first, if the Pre-Maturity Test has been breached by the Issuer in respect of any Series of Hard Bullet 
Covered Bonds, towards a credit to the Pre-Maturity Ledger and deposit into the GIC Account in an 
amount up to, but not exceeding the difference between: 
(i) 
the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the Required Redemption Amount calculated on the immediately 
preceding Calculation Date for the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds; and 
(ii) 
any amounts standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Ledger on the immediately preceding 
Calculation Date after having deducted the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the Required Redemption 
Amount of all other Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, as calculated on that Calculation

--- Page 238 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
236 
 
 
Date, which mature prior to or on the same date as the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds; 
(b) 
second, to acquire New Mortgage Loans and the Related Security offered to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor by the Seller in accordance with the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement in an amount 
sufficient to ensure that taking into account the other resources available to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Covered Bond Guarantor is in compliance with the Asset Coverage Test and thereafter 
to acquire Substitution Assets in an amount not to exceed the prescribed limit (as specified herein) 
sufficient to ensure that, after taking into account the other resources available to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Covered Bond Guarantor is in compliance with the Asset Coverage Test; 
(c) 
third, to deposit the remaining Available Principal Receipts into the GIC Account (with a 
corresponding credit to the Principal Ledger) in an amount sufficient to ensure that, taking into account 
the other resources available to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered Bond Guarantor is in 
compliance with the Asset Coverage Test; 
(d) 
fourth, in or towards repayment on the Trust Payment Date (or to provide for repayment on such date 
in the future of such proportion of the relevant payment falling due in the future as the Trust Manager 
may reasonably determine) of each relevant Term Advance by making the following payments: 
(i) 
the amounts (in respect of principal) due or to become due and payable to the Covered Bond 
Swap Provider pro rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant Covered Bond Swap 
(including any termination payment (relating solely to principal) due and payable by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement, but excluding any 
Excluded Swap Termination Amount) (except to the extent that such amounts have been paid 
out of any premiums received from any replacement Swap Provider) in accordance with the 
terms of the Covered Bond Swap Agreement; and 
(ii) 
where appropriate, after taking into account any amounts in respect of principal receivable 
from a Covered Bond Swap Provider on the Trust Payment Date or such date in the future as 
the Trust Manager may reasonably determine, the amounts (in respect of principal) due or to 
become due and payable to the Intercompany Loan Provider pro rata and pari passu in respect 
of each relevant Term Advance; 
(e) 
fifth, to: 
(i) 
pay the Purchase Price for New Mortgage Loans and the Related Security sold to the Covered 
Bond Guarantor in accordance with the Mortgage Sale Agreement following receipt by the 
Seller of a notice from the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Security Trustee; and 
(ii) 
reimburse the Seller for funding any Further Advances and/or Cash Redraws that the Covered 
Bond Guarantor has agreed to reimburse the Seller for in accordance with the Mortgage Sale 
Agreement; 
(f) 
sixth, to repay such amount of the principal outstanding on the Demand Loan that is due and payable 
to the Demand Loan Provider pursuant to the terms of the Demand Loan Agreement, to the extent that 
such payment would not cause the Asset Coverage Test to be breached;  
(g) 
seventh, if the principal balance of the Demand Loan is zero, as a subordinated servicing fee to the 
Servicer, the amount payable to the Servicer as a servicing fee in accordance with the Subordinated 
Servicing Fee Letter; and 
(h) 
eighth, to deposit the remaining Available Principal Receipts into the GIC Account.

--- Page 239 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
237 
 
 
Allocation and Distribution of Available Principal Receipts following service of an Asset Coverage Test 
Breach Notice 
At any time after the service on the Covered Bond Guarantor of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice (which 
has not be revoked), but prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer 
Acceleration Notice or, if earlier, the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and service 
of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice and/or the commencement of winding up proceedings 
against the Trust and/or realisation of the Security, all Available Principal Receipts will continue to be applied 
in accordance with the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments save that, whilst any Covered Bonds 
remain outstanding, no moneys will be applied under paragraphs (b), (d)(ii), (e), (f) or (g) of the Pre-
Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments, and the remainder (if any) will be deposited into the GIC Account 
(with a corresponding credit to the Principal Ledger) and applied as Available Principal Receipts on the next 
succeeding Trust Payment Date.  
Allocation and Distribution of Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts following 
service of a Notice to Pay 
At any time after the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, but prior to service of a 
Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice and/or the commencement of winding-up proceedings against 
the Trust and/or the realisation of the Security, all Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal 
Receipts will be applied as described below. 
On each Trust Payment Date, the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf, will transfer 
funds from the GIC Account to the Transaction Accounts, an amount equal to the lower of (a) the amount 
required to make the payments set out in the Guarantee Priority of Payments, as described below and (b) the 
amount of all Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts standing to the credit of the GIC 
Account. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf, will create and maintain ledgers for each 
Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds and record amounts allocated to such Series of Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds, and such amounts, once allocated, will only be available to pay amounts due under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee and amounts due under the relevant Covered Bond Swap in respect of the relevant Series of Hard 
Bullet Covered Bonds on the scheduled repayment dates thereof. 
If a Notice to Pay has been served on the Covered Bond Guarantor, on the Final Maturity Date of a Series of 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf, shall apply all 
moneys (if any) standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Ledger (and transferred from the GIC Account to 
the Transaction Accounts) to repay the relevant Series. 
Guarantee Priority of Payments 
On each Trust Payment Date (except for amounts due to third parties described below under (b)(ii) which in 
each case shall be paid when due, and except for Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts due to the Swap Provider 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the relevant Swap Agreement which shall be paid directly to the relevant 
Swap Provider) the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf, will apply Available Revenue 
Receipts and Available Principal Receipts to make the following payments and provisions in the following 
order of priority (Guarantee Priority of Payments) (in each case only if and to the extent that payments or 
provisions of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(a) 
first, in or towards satisfaction pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts thereof of: 
(i) 
all amounts due and payable or to become due and payable to the Bond Trustee (excluding all 
amounts otherwise payable to the Covered Bondholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders

--- Page 240 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
238 
 
 
under the Guarantee Priority of Payments) in the Trust Payment Period in which such Trust 
Payment Date occurs under the provisions of the Bond Trust Deed together with interest and 
applicable GST (or other similar Taxes) thereon; 
(ii) 
all amounts due and payable or to become due and payable to the Security Trustee (excluding 
all amounts otherwise payable to the Covered Bondholders, Receiptholders and 
Couponholders under the Guarantee Priority of Payments) in the Trust Payment Period in 
which such Trust Payment Date occurs under the provisions of the Security Deed together 
with interest and applicable GST (or other similar Taxes) thereon; 
(iii) 
all amounts due and payable or to become due and payable to itself as trustee of the Trust in 
the Trust Payment Period in which such Trust Payment Date occurs under the Establishment 
Deed together with interest and any applicable GST thereon; 
(b) 
second, in or towards satisfaction pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts thereof 
of: 
(i) 
any remuneration then due and payable to the Agents under the provisions of the Agency 
Agreements together with applicable GST (or other similar Taxes) thereon; and 
(ii) 
any amounts then due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor to third parties and 
incurred without breach by the Covered Bond Guarantor of the Programme Documents to 
which it is a party (and for which payment has not been provided for elsewhere in this 
Guarantee Priority of Payments) and to provide for any such amounts expected to become due 
and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor in the Trust Payment Period in which such Trust 
Payment Date occurs and to pay or discharge any liability of the Covered Bond Guarantor for 
Taxes; 
(c) 
third, in or towards satisfaction pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts thereof 
of: 
(i) 
any remuneration (other than for the subordinated servicing fee (if any) that is payable under 
paragraph (m) below) then due and payable to the Servicer and any costs, charges, liabilities 
and expenses then due or to become due and payable to the Servicer in the Trust Payment 
Period in which such Trust Payment Date occurs under the provisions of the Servicing 
Agreement together with applicable GST (or other similar Taxes) thereon; 
(ii) 
any remuneration then due and payable to the Calculation Manager and any costs, charges, 
liabilities and expenses then due or to become due and payable to the Calculation Manager in 
the Trust Payment Period in which such Trust Payment Date occurs under the provisions of 
the Management Agreement, together with applicable GST (or other similar Taxes) thereon; 
(iii) 
amounts (if any) due and payable to the Account Bank (including costs) pursuant to the terms 
of the Account Bank Agreement, together with applicable GST (or other similar Taxes) 
thereon; 
(iv) 
amounts due and payable to the Trust Manager under the Establishment Deed and the 
Management Agreement;  
(v) 
amounts due and payable to the Asset Monitor (other than the amounts referred to in paragraph 
(k) below) pursuant to the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement, together with applicable 
GST (or other similar Taxes) thereon;

--- Page 241 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
239 
 
 
(d) 
fourth, in or towards payment on the Trust Payment Date, or to provide for payment on such date in 
the future of such proportion of the relevant payment falling due in the future as the Trust Manager 
may reasonably determine, of any amount due or to become due and payable to the Interest Rate Swap 
Provider in respect of the Interest Rate Swaps (including any termination payment due and payable by 
the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Interest Rate Swaps but excluding any Excluded Swap 
Termination Amount) (except to the extent that such amounts have been paid out of any premiums 
received from any replacement Interest Rate Swap Provider) in accordance with the terms of the 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement;  
(e) 
fifth, in or towards payment on the Trust Payment Date or to provide for payment on such date in the 
future of such proportion of the relevant payments falling due in the future as the Trust Manager may 
reasonably determine, pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts thereof of: 
(i) 
any amounts due or to become due and payable to the Covered Bond Swap Provider (other 
than in respect of principal) pro rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant Covered Bond 
Swap (including any termination payment due and payable (other than in respect of principal) 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, but 
excluding any Excluded Swap Termination Amount) (except to the extent that such amounts 
have been paid out of any premiums received from any relevant replacement Covered Bond 
Swap Provider) in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Swap Agreement; and 
(ii) 
Scheduled Interest that is Due for Payment (or that will become Due for Payment in the Trust 
Payment Period in which such Trust Payment Date occurs) under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds to the Bond Trustee or (if so directed by the Bond 
Trustee) the applicable Agent on behalf of the Covered Bondholders, Receiptholders and 
Couponholders pro rata and pari passu in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds,  
but, in the case of any such payment or provision, after taking into account any amounts receivable 
from the Interest Rate Swap Provider under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement and, if applicable, any 
amounts (other than principal) receivable from the Covered Bond Swap Provider under the Covered 
Bond Swap Agreements on the Trust Payment Date or such date in the future as the Trust Manager 
may reasonably determine, provided that if the amount available for distribution under this paragraph 
(e) (excluding any amounts received or to be received from the Covered Bond Swap Provider) would 
be insufficient to pay the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the Scheduled Interest that is or will be Due for 
Payment in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds under sub-paragraph (ii) above, the shortfall will 
be divided amongst all such Series of Covered Bonds on a pro rata and pari passu basis and the 
amount payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor to the Covered Bond Swap Provider under the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement in respect of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds or 
provision to be made in respect thereof under sub-paragraph (i) above will be correspondingly reduced 
to take into account the shortfall applicable to the Covered Bonds in respect of which such payment is 
to be made; 
(f) 
sixth, in or towards payment on the Trust Payment Date or to provide for payment in the immediately 
succeeding Trust Payment Period, pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts thereof 
of: 
(i) 
any amounts (in respect of principal) due or to become due and payable to any Covered Bond 
Swap Provider pro rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant Covered Bond Swap 
(including any termination payment due and payable (in respect of principal) by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor under the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, but excluding any 
Excluded Swap Termination Amount) (except to the extent that such amounts have been paid 
out of any premiums received from any relevant replacement Covered Bond Swap Provider) 
in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Swap Agreement; and

--- Page 242 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
240 
 
 
(ii) 
(where appropriate, after taking into account any amounts in respect of principal receivable 
from the Covered Bond Swap Provider and available to make payments in respect thereof) 
Scheduled Principal that is Due for Payment (or that will become Due for Payment in the 
immediately succeeding Trust Payment Period) under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect 
of each Series of Covered Bonds to the Bond Trustee or (if so directed by the Bond Trustee) 
the applicable Agent on behalf of the Covered Bonds pro rata and pari passu in respect of 
each Series of Covered Bonds, 
provided that if the amount available for distribution under this paragraph (f) (excluding any amounts 
received or to be received from the Covered Bond Swap Provider) would be insufficient to pay the 
NZ Dollar Equivalent of the Scheduled Principal that is or will be Due for Payment in respect of each 
Series of Covered Bonds under sub-paragraph (ii) above, the shortfall will be divided amongst all such 
Series of Covered Bonds on a pro rata and pari passu basis and the amount payable by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor to the Covered Bond Swap Provider under the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement in respect of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds or provision to be made in respect 
thereof under sub-paragraph (i) above will be correspondingly reduced to take into account the 
shortfall applicable to the Covered Bonds in respect of which such payment is to be made; 
(g) 
seventh, in or towards payment on the Trust Payment Date (if such date is an Interest Payment Date) 
or to provide for payment on any Interest Payment Date prior to the immediately succeeding Trust 
Payment Date of the Final Redemption Amount (or portion thereof remaining unpaid) of any Series 
of Covered Bonds to which an Extended Due for Payment Date applies and whose Final Redemption 
Amount was not paid in full by the Extension Determination Date, by making the following payments, 
pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts thereof of: 
(i) 
any amounts due or to become due and payable to the Covered Bond Swap Provider (whether 
or not in respect of principal) pro rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant Covered 
Bond Swap (including any termination payment due and payable by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor under the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, but excluding any Excluded 
Swap Termination Amount) (except to the extent that such amounts have been paid out of any 
premiums received from any relevant replacement Covered Bond Swap Provider) in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement; and 
(ii) 
such Final Redemption Amount pro rata and pari passu under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
in respect of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds to the Bond Trustee or (if so directed by 
the Bond Trustee) the applicable Agent on behalf of the Covered Bondholders, 
but, in the case of any such payment or provision, after taking into account any amounts receivable 
from the Interest Rate Swap Provider in respect of the Interest Rate Swap Agreements and, if 
applicable, any amounts (whether or not in respect of principal) receivable from the Covered Bond 
Swap Provider in respect of the relevant Covered Bond Swap, provided that if the amount available 
for distribution under this paragraph (g) (excluding any amounts received or to be received from the 
Covered Bond Swap Provider) would be insufficient to pay the NZ Dollar Equivalent of such Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds under subparagraph (ii) above, 
the shortfall will be divided amongst all such Series of Covered Bonds on a pro rata and pari passu 
basis and any amount payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor to the Covered Bond Swap Provider 
under the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds under 
sub-paragraph (i) above will be correspondingly reduced to take into account the shortfall applicable 
to the Covered Bonds in respect of which such payment is to be made; 
(h) 
eighth, to deposit the remaining moneys in the GIC Account for application on the immediately 
succeeding Trust Payment Date in accordance with the priority of payments described in paragraphs 
(a)-(g) (inclusive) above, until the Covered Bonds have been fully repaid or provided for (such that

--- Page 243 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
241 
 
 
the Required Redemption Amount has been accumulated in respect of each outstanding Series of 
Covered Bonds); 
(i) 
ninth, in or towards payment pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts thereof of 
any Excluded Swap Termination Amount due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the 
Swap Agreements, except to the extent that such amounts have been received from any relevant 
replacement Swap Provider; 
(j) 
tenth, in and towards payment of any amounts due or to become due and payable in the immediately 
succeeding Trust Payment Period (whether in respect of principal or interest) under the Intercompany 
Loan Agreement pro rata and pari passu in respect of each Term Advance pursuant to the terms of 
the Intercompany Loan Agreement; 
(k) 
eleventh, in or towards payment of certain costs, expenses and indemnity amounts due by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor to the Asset Monitor pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement; 
(l) 
twelfth, any amounts due or to become due and payable, in respect of the Demand Loan pursuant to 
the terms of the Demand Loan Agreement to the extent that such payment would not cause the 
Amortisation Test to be breached; 
(m) 
thirteenth, as a subordinated servicing fee to the Servicer, an amount equal to that part of the remainder 
that is payable to the Servicer as a servicing fee in accordance with the Subordinated Servicing Fee 
Letter; and 
(n) 
fourteenth, the remainder: 
(i) 
subject to sub-paragraph (ii) below: 
(A) 
except for the Trust Payment Date that occurs on or immediately after the day on 
which the Net Annual Income of the Trust for a Fiscal Period has vested absolutely 
in the Residual Income Beneficiary in accordance with the Establishment Deed, to be 
deposited into the GIC Account (with a corresponding credit to the Residual Income 
Beneficiary Ledger); and 
(B) 
on the Trust Payment Date that occurs on or immediately after the day on which the 
Net Annual Income of the Trust for a Fiscal Period has vested absolutely in the 
Residual Income Beneficiary in accordance with the Establishment Deed to the 
Residual Income Beneficiary by way of distribution of the Net Annual Income of the 
Trust which has vested absolutely in the Residual Income Beneficiary (with a 
corresponding debit to the Residual Income Beneficiary Ledger); and 
(ii) 
to the extent the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf, is not satisfied 
that the Residual Income Beneficiary has paid or made provision for payment of income tax 
(if any) in respect of the income of the Trust and distributions made or to be made under this 
paragraph (n) to be deposited into the GIC Account (with a corresponding credit to the 
Residual Income Beneficiary Ledger) and either; 
(A) 
paid to the Commissioner of Inland Revenue to meet any unpaid income tax liability 
in respect of the income of the Trust and distribution of income of the Trust; or  
(B) 
upon being satisfied that the Residual Income Beneficiary has paid or made provision 
for payment of income tax (if any) in respect of the income of the Trust and 
distributions made or to be made under this paragraph (n) paid to the Residual Income

--- Page 244 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
242 
 
 
Beneficiary by way of distribution of the income of the Trust (with a corresponding 
debit to the Residual Income Beneficiary Ledger). 
Termination payments in respect of Swaps, premiums received in respect of replacement Swaps 
If the Covered Bond Guarantor receives any termination payment from a Swap Provider in respect of a Swap, 
such termination payment will first be used (prior to the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of 
Default and service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice and/or the commencement of winding 
up proceedings against the Trust and/or realisation of the Security) to pay a replacement Swap Provider to 
enter into a replacement Swap with the Covered Bond Guarantor (and, for the avoidance of doubt the amount 
of such termination payment to the replacement Swap Provider shall not form part of the Available Revenue 
Receipts or Available Principal Receipts), unless a replacement Swap has already been entered into on behalf 
of the Covered Bond Guarantor in which case the termination payment shall be applied in accordance with the 
applicable Priorities of Payment. If the Covered Bond Guarantor receives any premium from a replacement 
Swap Provider in respect of a replacement Swap, such premium will first be used to make any termination 
payment due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor with respect to the previous Swap (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the amount of such termination payment paid from such premium shall not form part of 
the Available Revenue Receipts or Available Principal Receipts), unless such termination payment has already 
been made on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor in which case the premium shall be applied in accordance 
with the applicable Priorities of Payment. 
Application of moneys received by the Security Trustee following the service of a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice and/or realisation of the Security and/or the commencement of winding-up proceedings 
against the Trust 
From and including the time when the Bond Trustee serves a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice 
on the Covered Bond Guarantor and/or winding-up proceedings are commenced against the Trust and/or the 
Security is realised, no amount may be withdrawn from the Trust Accounts without the prior written consent 
of the Security Trustee. 
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments 
All moneys received or recovered by the Security Trustee or any Receiver (excluding all amounts due or to 
become due in respect of any Third Party Amounts and excluding Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts due to 
the Swap Providers by the Covered Bond Guarantor, under the relevant Swap Agreement which shall be paid 
directly to the relevant Swap Provider), after the service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice 
and/or the commencement of winding-up proceedings against the Trust and/or the realisation of the Security, 
for the benefit of the Secured Creditors in respect of the Secured Obligations, shall be held by it in the Trust 
Accounts on trust to be applied (save to the extent required otherwise by law), in the following order of priority 
(and, in each case, only if and to the extent that payments or provisions of a higher order of priority have been 
made in full) (the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments): 
(a) 
first, in or towards satisfaction pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts thereof of: 
(i) 
all amounts due and payable or to become due and payable to the Bond Trustee under the 
provisions of the Bond Trust Deed (but not including amounts otherwise payable to Covered 
Bondholders under this Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments) together with interest and any 
applicable GST (or similar Taxes) thereon; 
(ii) 
all amounts due and payable or to become due and payable to the Security Trustee and any 
Receiver appointed by the Security Trustee under the provisions of the Security Deed (but not 
including amounts otherwise payable to Covered Bondholders under this Post-Enforcement

--- Page 245 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
243 
 
 
Priority of Payments) together with interest and any applicable GST (or similar Taxes) 
thereon; and 
(iii) 
all amounts due and payable or to become due and payable to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
under the provisions of the Establishment Deed together with interest and any applicable GST 
(or similar Taxes) thereon; 
(b) 
second, in or towards satisfaction of any remuneration then due and payable to the Agents under or 
pursuant to the Agency Agreements together with any applicable GST (or similar Taxes) thereon as 
provided therein: 
(c) 
third, in or towards satisfaction pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts thereof: 
(i) 
any remuneration (other than for the subordinated servicing fee (if any) that is payable under 
paragraph (i) below) then due and payable to the Servicer and any costs, charges, liabilities 
and expenses then due or to become due and payable to the Servicer under the provisions of 
the Servicing Agreement, together with any applicable GST (or other similar Taxes) thereon; 
(ii) 
any remuneration then due and payable to the Calculation Manager and any costs, charges, 
liabilities and expenses then due or to become due and payable to the Calculation Manager 
under the provisions of the Management Agreement, together with any applicable GST (or 
other similar Taxes) thereon; 
(iii) 
amounts due to the Account Bank (including any costs, charges, liabilities and expenses) 
pursuant to the terms of the Account Bank Agreement, together with any applicable GST (or 
other similar Taxes) thereon; and 
(iv) 
any remuneration then due and payable to the Trust Manager and any costs, charges, liabilities 
and expenses then due or to become due and payable to the Trust Manager under the 
provisions of the Establishment Deed and the Management Agreement in the Trust Payment 
Period during which the application of moneys is made, together with any applicable GST (or 
other similar Taxes) thereon; 
(d) 
fourth, in or towards satisfaction of any amounts due and payable to the Interest Rate Swap Provider 
(including any termination payment, but excluding any Excluded Swap Termination Amount) 
pursuant to the terms of the Interest Rate Swap Agreements; 
(e) 
fifth, in or towards satisfaction of pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts thereof 
of: 
(i) 
any amounts due and payable to the Covered Bond Swap Provider pro rata and pari passu in 
respect of each relevant Covered Bond Swap (including any termination payment due and 
payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, 
but excluding any Excluded Swap Termination Amount) in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement; and 
(ii) 
the amounts due and payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee, to the Bond Trustee or (if 
so directed by the Bond Trustee) the relevant Agent on behalf of the Covered Bondholders 
pro rata and pari passu in respect of interest and principal due and payable on each Series of 
Covered Bonds, 
provided that if the amount available for distribution under this paragraph (e) (excluding any amounts 
received from the Covered Bond Swap Provider) would be insufficient to pay the NZ Dollar

--- Page 246 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
244 
 
 
Equivalent of the amounts due and payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of each 
Series of Covered Bonds under sub-paragraph (ii) above, the shortfall will be divided amongst all such 
Series of Covered Bonds on a pro rata and pari passu basis and any amount payable by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor to the Covered Bond Swap Provider under the relevant Covered Bond Swap in respect 
of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds or provision to be made in respect thereof under sub-
paragraph (i) above will be correspondingly reduced to take account of the shortfall applicable to the 
Covered Bonds in respect of which such payment is to be made; 
(f) 
sixth, in or towards satisfaction pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts thereof, 
of any Excluded Swap Termination Amounts due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under 
the Swap Agreements; 
(g) 
seventh, in or towards payment of all amounts outstanding under the Intercompany Loan Agreement; 
(h) 
eighth, in or towards payment of any amounts outstanding under the Demand Loan Agreement; 
(i) 
ninth, as a subordinated servicing fee to the Servicer, an amount equal to that part of the remainder 
that is payable to the Servicer as a servicing fee in accordance with the Subordinated Servicing Fee 
Letter; and  
(j) 
tenth, the remainder as a distribution to the Beneficiaries in accordance with the Establishment Deed.

--- Page 247 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
245 
 
 
THE MORTGAGE LOAN PORTFOLIO 
Each New Mortgage Loan Portfolio acquired by the Covered Bond Guarantor consists of Mortgage Loans and 
the Related Security sold by the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor from time to time, in accordance with 
the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement, as more fully described under “Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Mortgage Sale Agreement”. 
For the purposes hereof: 
New Mortgage Loan Portfolio means a portfolio of New Mortgage Loans and the Related Security (other 
than any New Mortgage Loans and the Related Security included in such portfolio which have been redeemed 
in full prior to the relevant Transfer Date in respect of such portfolio), particulars of which are set out in, or 
attached to, a New Mortgage Loan Portfolio Notice, and all right, title, interest and benefit of the Seller in and 
to the rights and assets set out in paragraphs (a) to (f) (inclusive) below: 
(a) 
all sums of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all Accrued Interest, Arrears 
of Interest, Capitalised Expenses and Capitalised Arrears) and any other sum due or to become due 
under or in respect of such New Mortgage Loans and the Related Security on or after the Transfer 
Date in respect of such New Mortgage Loans and including, without limitation, the right to demand, 
sue for, recover and give receipts for all such principal, interest or other amounts, the right to sue on 
all covenants and undertakings made or expressed to be made in favour of the Seller under the 
applicable Mortgage Conditions; 
(b) 
the benefit of all other securities for such principal, interest and other sums payable (including without 
limitation any interest of the Seller in any life policy), any guarantee in respect of such New Mortgage 
Loans or any other collateral security for the repayment of the relevant Mortgage Loans secured by 
the Related Security; 
(c) 
the right to exercise all the powers of the Seller in relation thereto subject to and in accordance with 
the relevant Mortgage Conditions; 
(d) 
all the estate, title and interest in the Properties in relation thereto vested in the Seller; 
(e) 
to the extent they are assignable or capable of being put into trust, each certificate of title and Valuation 
Report and any right of action of the Seller against any solicitor, valuer or other person in connection 
with any report, valuation, opinion, certificate or other statement of fact or opinion given in connection 
with any such New Mortgage Loans and the Related Security, or any part thereof affecting the decision 
of the Seller to make or offer to make such Mortgage Loans or part thereof; and 
(f) 
the benefit of certain Insurance Contracts, in each case so far as they relate to such New Mortgage 
Loans comprised in that portfolio of New Mortgage Loans and the Related Security, including the 
right to receive the proceeds of all claims made or to be made by or on behalf of the Seller or to which 
the Seller is or may become entitled. 
Any schedule of New Mortgage Loans attached to any New Mortgage Loan Portfolio Notice may be provided 
in a document stored upon electronic media (including, but not limited to, electronic mail and CD-ROM). 
See also the following risk factors under Risk Factors – Risk Factors relating to the Covered Bonds – Limited 
description of the Portfolio, Risk Factors relating to the Trust, including the ability of the Trust to fulfil its 
obligations in relation to the Covered Bond Guarantee – Maintenance of Portfolio and Changes to the Lending 
Criteria of the Seller.

--- Page 248 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
246 
 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of the Clearing Systems currently in effect. The information in this section concerning the Clearing 
Systems has been obtained from sources that the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor believe to be reliable, 
but none of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee nor any Dealer takes any responsibility 
for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to 
confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. 
None of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor nor any other party to the Agency Agreements will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial 
ownership interests in the Covered Bonds held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-entry Systems 
Clearing and settlement in New Zealand 
Upon the issuance of a NZ Registered Covered Bond, the Issuer will (unless otherwise agreed with the Covered 
Bondholder) procure that the NZ Registered Covered Bond is entered into NZClear. Upon entry the New 
Zealand Central Securities Depository Limited (NZCSD) (in its capacity as custodian of NZClear) will become 
the sole registered holder (Registered Holder) of the NZ Registered Covered Bond.  
Participants in NZClear (Accountholders) may acquire rights against the Registered Holder in relation to those 
Covered Bonds. If potential investors are not Accountholders, they may hold their interest in the relevant 
Covered Bond through a nominee who is an Accountholder. All payments by the Issuer in respect of Covered 
Bonds entered in NZClear will be made directly to an account of the Registered Holder or as it directs in 
accordance with the rules and regulations of NZClear. 
Secondary market transfers 
Secondary market transfers of Covered Bonds held in NZClear will be conducted in accordance with the rules 
and regulations of NZClear. 
Relationship of Accountholders with the Registered Holder 
Each of the persons shown in the records of NZClear as having an interest in the Covered Bonds issued by the 
Issuer must look solely to NZClear for such person’s share of each payment made by the Issuer to the 
Registered Holder and to any other rights arising under the Covered Bonds, subject to and in accordance with 
the rules and regulations of NZClear. Unless and until such Covered Bonds are uplifted from NZClear and 
registered in the name of an Accountholder, such person has no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of 
payments by the Issuer and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the Registered 
Holder (or as it directs) in respect of each amount so paid. Where a Registered Holder is registered as the 
holder of Covered Bonds that are lodged in NZClear, the Registered Holder may, in its absolute discretion, 
instruct the NZ Registrar to transfer or “uplift” the Covered Bonds to the person in whose “Investor Account” 
(as defined in the NZClear System Rules) those Covered Bonds are recorded without any consent or action of 
such transferee and, as a consequence, remove those Covered Bonds from NZClear. 
NZClear System and Cross-Trading with Euroclear and Clearstream 
Subject to the rules of the relevant clearing and settlement system, Covered Bondholders may elect to hold 
interests in NZ Registered Covered Bonds (i) directly through NZClear, (ii) indirectly through Euroclear or 
Clearstream if they are participants in such systems or (iii) indirectly through organisations which are 
participants in NZClear, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Issuer has been advised that Euroclear

--- Page 249 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
247 
 
 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg will hold interests on behalf of their participants through customers’ securities 
accounts in their respective names on the books of their respective New Zealand subcustodians (being HSBC 
Nominees (New Zealand) Limited as sub-custodian of Euroclear or J.P. Morgan Chase N.A. as sub-custodian 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg), which in turn will hold such interests in customers’ securities accounts in the 
names of the New Zealand subcustodians on the books of NZCSD. The rights of a holder of interests in NZ 
Registered Covered Bonds held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg are subject to the respective 
rules and regulations for accountholders of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the terms and conditions 
of agreements between Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective nominee and the rules 
and regulations of the NZClear system. Participants in any of such systems should contact the relevant clearing 
system(s) if they have any questions in relation to clearing, settlement and cross-market transfers and/or 
trading. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account 
holders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants may 
settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access 
to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with an account holder of either system.

--- Page 250 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
248 
 
 
TAXATION 
New Zealand Taxation 
The comments below are of a general nature based on current New Zealand law and practice. The comments 
relate only to Covered Bonds issued pursuant to a binding agreement entered into on or after the date of this 
Prospectus. They relate only to the position of persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of their Covered 
Bonds and all payments made thereon. The comments relate only to withholding and do not deal with any 
other aspect of the New Zealand taxation treatment that may be applicable to holders of Covered Bonds 
(including, for instance, income tax). Prospective holders of Covered Bonds should note that the particular 
terms of issue of any Series of Covered Bonds as specified in the applicable Final Terms may affect the tax 
treatment of that and any other Series of Covered Bonds and should be treated with appropriate caution. The 
comments below do not deal with the tax consequences of any substitution of the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Meetings of Covered Bondholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution) of the Covered 
Bonds. 
Any holders of Covered Bonds who are in doubt as to their tax position should consult their professional 
advisers. Holders of Covered Bonds who may be liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than New Zealand in 
respect of their acquisition, holding or disposal of Covered Bonds are particularly advised to consult their 
professional advisers as to whether they are so liable (and, if so, under the laws of which jurisdictions), since 
the following comments relate only to certain New Zealand taxation aspects of payments in respect of the 
Covered Bonds. In particular, holders of Covered Bonds should be aware that they may be liable to taxation 
under the laws of other jurisdictions in relation to payments in respect of the Covered Bonds even if such 
payments may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of taxation under the laws of New 
Zealand. 
Resident Withholding Tax 
The Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor, as the case may be, will deduct any applicable New Zealand 
resident withholding tax at the rate required by law from the payment of interest (including amounts deemed 
to be interest) to the Covered Bondholder or Couponholder if: 
(a) 
the person deriving the interest:  
(i) 
is a resident of New Zealand for income tax purposes; or  
(ii) 
is a non-resident that holds the Covered Bond or Coupon for the purpose of a business carried 
on in New Zealand through a fixed establishment in New Zealand; or 
(iii) 
is a non-resident that is a registered bank in New Zealand and is engaged in business in New 
Zealand through a fixed establishment in New Zealand, and is not associated with the Issuer, 
(each, a New Zealand Bondholder); and 
(b) 
at the time of such payment the New Zealand Bondholder does not have RWT-exempt status.  
If New Zealand resident withholding tax is required to be deducted from the payment of any interest by the 
Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor (as the case may be) will not 
be obliged to pay any additional amount.

--- Page 251 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
249 
 
 
Non-Resident Withholding Tax 
New Zealand law requires a deduction on account of non-resident withholding tax to be made from the 
payment of interest (including amounts deemed to be interest) with a New Zealand source to a Covered 
Bondholder or Couponholder who is not a New Zealand Bondholder. If non-resident withholding tax is 
required to be deducted from the payment of any interest by the Issuer and the Issuer is required to pay an 
additional amount in respect of such tax to the Covered Bondholder or Couponholder, the Issuer intends to 
reduce the applicable rate of non-resident withholding tax to zero per cent. as a result of receiving or having 
received approved issuer status, registering or having registered the Programme with the New Zealand Inland 
Revenue Department for the purposes of the approved issuer levy regime and paying, on its own account, the 
approved issuer levy (currently equal to 2 per cent. of such payments of interest). 
Non-Resident Withholding Tax: General 
Where the Issuer is associated with the Covered Bondholder or Couponholder under the Tax Act, the Issuer is 
not required to pay an additional amount to the Covered Bondholder or Couponholder in respect of non-
resident withholding tax deducted.  
Where a Covered Bondholder or Couponholder who is not a New Zealand Bondholder holds the Covered 
Bond or Coupon jointly with a person who is a New Zealand tax resident, non-resident withholding tax must 
be deducted from interest paid to the non-resident at the applicable rate of resident withholding tax. Payment 
of the approved issuer levy does not allow a zero per cent. rate of non-resident withholding tax in this case. 
Relief from New Zealand tax under an applicable double taxation treaty may be available, but only on 
application to the New Zealand Inland Revenue Department for a refund of over-deducted tax. The Issuer will 
not pay an additional amount to the Covered Bondholder or Couponholder in respect of non-resident 
withholding tax deducted in that case. 
Payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
If New Zealand resident withholding tax or non-resident withholding tax is required to be deducted from the 
payment of any interest by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any additional amount as a consequence, or (for the avoidance of 
doubt) to pay the approved issuer levy. 
Information 
Covered Bondholders and Couponholders should note that the New Zealand Inland Revenue Department has 
the power to obtain information (including the name and address of a beneficial owner of the interest) from 
any person in New Zealand who pays or credits interest to, or receives interest for the benefit of, a Covered 
Bondholder or Couponholder. Any information obtained may be exchanged by the New Zealand Inland 
Revenue Department with tax authorities of any other relevant jurisdiction. 
United Kingdom Taxation 
The comments below are of a general nature and are based on the Issuer’s understanding of current United 
Kingdom law and published HM Revenue & Customs’ (HMRC) practice relating only to the United Kingdom 
withholding tax treatment of payments of interest (as that term is understood for United Kingdom tax purposes) 
in respect of Covered Bonds. They do not deal with any other United Kingdom taxation implications of 
acquiring, holding or disposing of Covered Bonds. They relate only to the position of persons who are the 
absolute beneficial owners of their Covered Bonds and all payments made thereon. The United Kingdom tax 
treatment of prospective holders of Covered Bonds depends on their individual circumstances and may be 
subject to change in the future.

--- Page 252 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
250 
 
 
Prospective holders of Covered Bonds should note that the particular terms of issue of any Series of Covered 
Bonds as specified in the applicable Final Terms may affect the tax treatment of that and any other Series of 
Covered Bonds and should be treated with appropriate caution. The comments below do not deal with the tax 
consequences of any substitution of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Meetings of Covered 
Bondholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution) of the Covered Bonds. 
Any holders of Covered Bonds who are in doubt as to their tax position should consult their professional 
advisers. Holders of Covered Bonds who may be liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than the United 
Kingdom in respect of their acquisition, holding or disposal of Covered Bonds are particularly advised to 
consult their professional advisers as to whether they are so liable (and, if so, under the laws of which 
jurisdictions), since the following comments relate only to certain United Kingdom taxation aspects of 
payments in respect of the Covered Bonds. In particular, holders of Covered Bonds should be aware that they 
may be liable to taxation under the laws of other jurisdictions in relation to payments in respect of the Covered 
Bonds even if such payments may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of taxation 
under the laws of the United Kingdom. 
Payment of interest in respect of the Covered Bonds 
Payments of interest on the Covered Bonds that does not have a United Kingdom source may be made without 
deduction or withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax. If interest paid on the Covered Bonds 
does have a United Kingdom source, then payments may be made without deduction or withholding on account 
of United Kingdom income tax in any of the following circumstances. 
While the Covered Bonds carry a right to interest and are and continue to be listed on a "recognised stock 
exchange" within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 of the United Kingdom (ITA), 
payments of interest on such Covered Bonds may be made without deduction of or withholding on account of 
United Kingdom income tax. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a recognised stock exchange for the 
purposes of section 1005 of the ITA. The Covered Bonds will satisfy this requirement if they are officially 
listed in Luxembourg in accordance with provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in EEA states 
and are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Interest on Covered Bonds may be paid without deduction of or withholding on account of United Kingdom 
income tax provided the maturity of the Covered Bonds is less than 365 days and those Covered Bonds do not 
form part of a scheme or arrangement of borrowing intended to be capable of remaining outstanding for more 
than 364 days.  
In other cases, an amount must generally be withheld from payments of interest on the Covered Bonds that 
has a United Kingdom source on account of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 20%), 
subject to any available exemptions and reliefs. However, where an applicable double tax treaty provides for 
a lower rate of withholding tax (or for no tax to be withheld) in relation to a holder of Covered Bonds, HMRC 
can issue a notice to the Issuer to pay interest to the holder of Covered Bonds without deduction of tax (or for 
interest to be paid with tax deducted at the rate provided for in the relevant double tax treaty). 
Payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
The United Kingdom withholding tax treatment of payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the terms 
of the Covered Bond Guarantee which have a United Kingdom source is uncertain. If the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, makes any payment in respect of interest on the Covered 
Bonds (or any other amounts due under the Covered Bonds other than the repayment of amounts subscribed 
for under the Covered Bonds) and such payment has a United Kingdom source, such payment may be subject 
to United Kingdom withholding tax, whether or not the Covered Bonds are listed on a "recognised stock 
exchange" within the meaning of Section 1005 of ITA. If payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor are subject

--- Page 253 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
251 
 
 
to any withholding or deduction for or on account of tax, the Covered Bond Guarantor will not be required to 
pay any additional amounts. 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following information is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. It is 
based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed 
to be, legal or tax advice. The information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding 
tax issues and prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should therefore consult their own professional 
advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be 
subject.  
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or a tax of a 
similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Covered Bonds 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Covered Bonds, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect of the Covered Bonds, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase 
of the Covered Bonds held by non-resident holders of Covered Bonds. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Covered Bonds 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, as 
amended (the Law) mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or 
interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Covered Bonds, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect 
of Covered Bonds, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Covered 
Bonds held by Luxembourg resident holders of Covered Bonds. 
Under the Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established in 
Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a 
withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial 
owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the 
withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg Paying Agent. Payments of interest under the 
Covered Bonds coming within the scope of the Law would be subject to withholding tax of 20 per cent. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Covered 
Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No. 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Covered Bonds

--- Page 254 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
252 
 
 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member 
State.  
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate and/or participating Member States made decide to withdraw. Therefore, it is 
currently uncertain whether and when the proposed FTT will be enacted by the participating Member States 
and when it will take effect with regard to dealings in Covered Bonds.  
Prospective holders of Covered Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. The Issuer expects to be treated as foreign financial institutions for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including New Zealand) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in 
an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that 
it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Covered 
Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such 
as Covered Bonds, proposed regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding would not apply 
prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury 
Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final 
regulations. Additionally, Covered Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as 
equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six 
months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. 
Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding, unless materially 
modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Covered 
Bonds (as described under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds – Further Issues”) that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Covered Bonds are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering 
period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Covered Bonds, 
including the Covered Bonds offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in Covered Bonds. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Covered Bonds, no person will be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the withholding. 
OECD Common Reporting Standard 
The OECD Common Reporting Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information (the 
CRS) requires certain financial institutions to report information regarding certain accounts (which may 
include the Covered Bonds) to their local tax authority and follow related due diligence procedures. Covered 
Bondholders may be requested to provide certain information and certifications to ensure compliance with the

--- Page 255 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
253 
 
 
CRS. A jurisdiction that has signed a CRS Competent Authority Agreement may provide this information to 
other jurisdictions that have signed the CRS Competent Authority Agreement.

--- Page 256 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
254 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
The consolidated financial statements of BNZ as of and for the years ended 30 September 2021 and 30 
September 2022, incorporated by reference into this Prospectus as described in “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference” above, have been audited without qualification in accordance with International Standards on 
Auditing (New Zealand) by Ernst & Young, independent auditors, as stated in their reports appearing therein. 
Audit reports in respect of BNZ are signed in the name of the firm of Ernst & Young. Ernst & Young is 
registered under the New Zealand Auditor Regulation Act 2011. The partner who signs the audit report in the 
name of the firm is licensed under the New Zealand Auditor Regulation Act 2011.  
With respect to the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of BNZ as at and for the six months 
ended 31 March 2023, incorporated by reference into this Prospectus as described in “Documents Incorporated 
by Reference” above, Ernst & Young has reported that they applied limited procedures in accordance with 
professional standards in New Zealand for a review of such financial statements. Their independent review 
report appearing therein states that they did not perform an audit on the interim consolidated financial 
statements and accordingly they do not express an audit opinion on those interim consolidated financial 
statements.  
The auditors of BNZ have no material interest in BNZ.

--- Page 257 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
255 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (as the same may be amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 2 June 2010 and amended and restated on 5 
November 2010, on 24 April 2013, on 27 August 2014, on 25 May 2016, on 29 May 2018, on 28 May 2019, 
on 28 May 2020, on 25 May 2021 and on 1 June 2022, agreed with, amongst others, the Issuer and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor a basis upon which such Dealers or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Covered Bonds. Any such agreement for any particular purchase by a Dealer will extend to those matters stated 
under the sections of this Prospectus entitled "Form of the Covered Bonds" and "Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds” above. The Issuer may pay the Dealers commission from time to time in connection with the 
sale of any Covered Bonds. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse and indemnify 
the Dealers for certain of their expenses and liabilities in connection with the establishment and any future 
updates of the Programme and the issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme. The Dealers are entitled to 
be released and discharged from their obligations in relation to any agreement to issue and purchase Covered 
Bonds under the Programme Agreement in certain circumstances prior to payment to the Issuer. 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Covered Bonds in the United States are advised to 
consult legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Covered 
Bonds.  
Each purchaser of Registered Global Covered Bonds or a beneficial interest therein within the United States, 
by its acceptance or purchase thereof, will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented to and agreed as 
follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A are used herein as defined therein):  
(i) 
that it understands that the Covered Bonds are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a 
public offering in the United States (within the meaning of the Securities Act), and that the Covered 
Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. 
State securities laws and may not be reoffered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below;  
(ii) 
that it is a qualified institutional buyer (QIB), purchasing (or holding) the Covered Bonds for its own 
account or for the account of one or more QIBs for whom it is authorised to act and it is aware that 
any sale to it is being made in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Rule 144A; 
(iii) 
that, if in the future it decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Covered Bonds or any 
beneficial interests in the Covered Bonds, it will do so, prior to the date which is one year after the 
later of the last Issue Date for the Series and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of the 
Issuer was the owner of such Covered Bonds, only (a) to the Issuer or any subsidiary thereof, (b) to a 
QIB or an offeree or purchaser whom the seller reasonably believes to be a QIB purchasing for its own 
account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (c) outside 
the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, 
(d) pursuant to an exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if 
available) or (e) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the 
Covered Bonds, in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of the states of the 
United States and any other jurisdiction;  
(iv) 
that it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Covered Bonds 
from it of the resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (iii) above;

--- Page 258 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
256 
 
 
(v) 
that Covered Bonds initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more 
Rule 144A Global Covered Bonds;  
(vi) 
that the Covered Bonds will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the 
Issuer: 
“THIS SECURITY AND ANY GUARANTEE IN RESPECT THEREOF HAS NOT BEEN 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE 
FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS 
THAT (1) IT IS A “QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THIS SECURITY FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS; (B) 
AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY 
EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT IN RESPECT OF THIS 
SECURITY (THE AGENCY AGREEMENT) AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE WHICH IS ONE YEAR 
AFTER THE LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES AND THE LAST DATE 
ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH 
SECURITY OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE 
THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING THE SECURITY FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS IN A TRANSACTION 
MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (4) 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL 
DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE 
SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. 
THIS 
SECURITY 
AND 
RELATED 
DOCUMENTATION 
(INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED 
OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON 
NOTICE TO, THE HOLDER OF SUCH SECURITY SENT TO ITS REGISTERED ADDRESS, TO 
MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR 
REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO 
RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE 
HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE 
HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL 
FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE 
HEREON). 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLER OF THIS 
SECURITY MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 
5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A”;

--- Page 259 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
257 
 
 
(vii) 
that, before any interest in Registered Global Covered Bonds represented by a Rule 144A Global 
Covered Bond may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred to a person who will take 
delivery in the form of an interest in such Registered Global Covered Bonds represented by a 
Regulation S Global Covered Bond, it will be required to provide the Registrar with a Transfer 
Certificate as to compliance with applicable securities laws; and  
(viii) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or 
agreements deemed to have been made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; 
and if it is acquiring any Covered Bonds as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts it 
represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full 
power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each 
such account.  
Each purchaser of Covered Bonds or a beneficial interest therein outside of the United States and each 
subsequent purchaser of such Covered Bonds or a beneficial interest therein in resales prior to the expiration 
of the Distribution Compliance Period will, by its acceptance at purchase thereof, be deemed to have 
acknowledged, represented to and agreed as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in 
Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(i) 
that it is located outside the United States and is not a U.S. person and is not an affiliate of the Issuer 
or a person acting on behalf of such an affiliate;  
(ii) 
that it understands that the Covered Bonds are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a 
public offering in the United States (within the meaning of the Securities Act), and that the Covered 
Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. 
State securities laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below;  
(iii) 
that Covered Bonds offered outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S will be represented 
by one or more Regulation S Global Covered Bonds;  
(iv) 
that if it should offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Covered Bonds or any beneficial interest 
in the Covered Bonds prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, it will do so only 
(a)(i) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act or (ii) to a QIB or an offeree or purchaser whom the seller reasonably believes to be a 
QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A and (b) in accordance with any applicable state securities law of the states 
of the United States and any other jurisdiction; 
(v) 
that the Covered Bonds will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the 
Issuer: 
“THIS SECURITY AND ANY GUARANTEE IN RESPECT THEREOF HAS NOT BEEN AND 
WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT IN RESPECT OF THIS SECURITY (THE AGENCY 
AGREEMENT) AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. UNTIL THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER 
THE LATER OF THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE OFFERING AND THE ISSUE DATE, SALES

--- Page 260 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
258 
 
 
MAY NOT BE MADE IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONS UNLESS MADE (I) 
PURSUANT TO RULE 903 OR 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR 
(II) TO "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS" AS DEFINED IN, AND IN TRANSACTIONS 
PURSUANT TO, RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT”; 
(vi) 
that, prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, before any interest in Registered 
Covered Bonds represented by a Regulation S Global Covered Bonds may be offered, sold, pledged 
or otherwise transferred to a person who will take delivery in the form of an interest in such Registered 
Covered Bonds represented by a Rule 144A Global Covered Bonds, it will be required to provide the 
Registrar with a Transfer Certificate as to compliance with applicable securities laws; and  
(vii) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or 
agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring 
any Covered Bonds as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts it represents that it has 
sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the 
foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act or under any securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not 
be offered, sold, transferred, pledged, encumbered or otherwise disposed of, directly or indirectly, within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, 
or in transactions not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Accordingly, the Covered 
Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee are being offered hereby only (A) to QIBs in reliance upon the 
exemptions provided by Rule 144A and (B) outside the United States to persons other than U.S. persons in 
reliance upon Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. 
The Covered Bonds in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
In connection with any Covered Bonds which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S (Regulation S Covered Bonds), each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not 
offered or sold or, in the case of Covered Bonds in bearer form, delivered any such Regulation S Covered 
Bond, and will not offer, sell or deliver any such Regulation S Covered Bond within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 
40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Tranche of Covered Bonds of which such Covered Bonds 
are a part, in the case of a non-syndicated issue, or the Lead Manager, in the case of a syndicated issue, and 
except in either case in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act. Accordingly, 
neither it, its affiliates nor any person acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed 
selling efforts with respect to the Covered Bonds and they have complied and will comply with the offering 
restrictions required of Regulation S. Each Dealer has further agreed that it will send to each distributor, dealer 
or persons receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration to which it sells any Regulation S Covered 
Bond during the Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of such Regulation S Covered Bond within the United States or to, or for the account or

--- Page 261 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
259 
 
 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
Any Dealer of Covered Bonds sold pursuant to Rule 144A (Rule 144A Covered Bonds) may offer, sell and 
deliver Rule 144A Covered Bonds in registered form (i) as part of their distribution at any time and (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Tranche of Covered Bonds of which such 
Covered Bonds are a part, in the case of a non-syndicated issue, or the Lead Manager, in the case of a 
syndicated issue, in the United States to QIBs, and in compliance with the requirements of Rule 144A under 
the Securities Act. In connection with each such sale of Covered Bonds pursuant to Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act, (i) neither such Dealer nor any person acting on its behalf will engage in any form of general 
solicitation or general advertising (as those terms are used in Rule 502(c) under Regulation D under the 
Securities Act) and (ii) such Dealer will deliver a Prospectus to each qualified institutional buyer purchasing 
a Covered Bond or Covered Bonds from it pursuant to Rule 144A. 
In respect of Bearer Covered Bonds where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under TEFRA D, each Dealer (i) represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and 
agree, that it has not offered or sold, and agreed that during the restricted period it will not offer or 
sell, Bearer Covered Bonds to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United 
States person, and (ii) represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not delivered and agrees that 
it will not deliver within the United States or its possessions Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds that are 
sold during the restricted period; 
(b) 
each Dealer represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has and that throughout the 
restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its employees or 
agents who are directly engaged in selling Bearer Covered Bonds are aware that such Bearer Covered 
Bonds may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by TEFRA D; 
(c) 
each Dealer which is a United States person represented, warranted and agreed, and each such further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it is 
acquiring Bearer Covered Bonds for purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and 
that if it retains Bearer Covered Bonds for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the 
requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section l.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any successor United States 
Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, successor regulations issued in accordance 
with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010); and 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Bearer Covered Bonds from a Dealer for the purpose of 
offering or selling such Bearer Covered Bonds during the restricted period, such Dealer has repeated 
and confirmed or agrees that it will obtain from such affiliates for the benefit of the Issuer the 
representations, warranties and agreements contained in (a), (b) and (c) on such affiliate's behalf. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the Code) and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder (the Regulations), including 
TEFRA D. 
In respect of Bearer Covered Bonds where TEFRA C is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer 
represented, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, that it 
understands that under TEFRA C such Bearer Covered Bonds must be issued and delivered outside the United

--- Page 262 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
260 
 
 
States and its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Each Dealer represented, warranted and 
agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such 
Bearer Covered Bonds within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance. 
Further, each Dealer represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, in connection with an issuance of such Bearer 
Covered Bonds that it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a 
prospective purchaser if either the Dealer or such prospective purchaser is within the United States or its 
possessions or otherwise involve a U.S. office of the Dealer in the offer or sale of such Bearer Covered Bonds. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and the Regulations, including 
TEFRA C. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of a Tranche of Covered Bonds, an offer or sale of such 
Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealers may directly or through their respective U.S. broker-dealer affiliates arrange for the offer and resale 
of Covered Bonds to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such purchaser of Covered Bonds is hereby 
notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
New Zealand 
No action has been or will be taken by any of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Dealers which 
would permit a public or regulated offering of any of the Covered Bonds, or possession or distribution of any 
offering material in relation to the Covered Bonds, in New Zealand. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not directly or indirectly offer, 
sell or deliver any Covered Bond, and it will not distribute any prospectus or advertisement in relation to any 
offer of Covered Bonds, in New Zealand, other than to any or all of the following persons only: 
(a) 
"wholesale investors" as that term is defined in clauses 3(2)(a), (c) and (d) of Schedule 1 to the 
Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 of New Zealand (the FMC Act), being a person who is: 
(i) 
an "investment business";  
(ii) 
"large"; or 
(iii) 
a "government agency", 
in each case as defined in Schedule 1 to the FMC Act; and 
(b) 
in other circumstances where there is no contravention of the FMC Act. 
In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Covered 
Bonds to persons whom it believes to be persons to whom any amounts payable on the Covered Bonds are or 
would be subject to New Zealand resident withholding tax, unless such persons certify that they have RWT-
exempt status for New Zealand resident withholding tax purposes and provide a New Zealand tax file number 
to such Dealer (in which event the Dealer shall provide details thereof to the Issuer, the NZ Registrar or to a 
Paying Agent).

--- Page 263 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
261 
 
 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act) in relation to the Programme 
or any Covered Bonds has been or will be lodged with ASIC. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
unless the relevant Final Terms (or another supplement to any Disclosure Documents) otherwise provides, it: 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) made or invited, and will not make or invite, an offer of the Covered 
Bonds for issue or sale in Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a person in 
Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any draft, preliminary or definitive 
Disclosure Document or any other offering material or advertisement relating to any Covered Bonds 
in Australia, 
unless (i) the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least A$500,000 (or its equivalent 
in an alternate currency) (disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation 
otherwise does not require disclosure to investors under Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act, (ii) the 
offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a “retail client” as defined for the purposes of sections 761G 
and 761GA of the Corporations Act, (iii) such action complies with applicable laws, and directives and (iv) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC. 
Section 708(19) of the Corporations Act provides that an offer of debentures for issue or sale does not need 
disclosure to investors under Part 6D.2 of the Corporations Act if the issuer is an Australian authorised deposit-
taking institution (ADI). As at the date of this Prospectus, BNZ is not an ADI. 
Canada  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that Covered Bonds may be sold only to Canadian purchasers purchasing, or 
deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are both “accredited investors”, as defined in National Instrument 
45-106 Prospectus Exemptions (NI 45-106) or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and 
“permitted clients”, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and 
Ongoing Registrant Obligations.  Any resale of such Covered Bonds must be made in accordance with an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a Canadian purchaser with 
remedies for rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the Canadian 
purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the Canadian purchaser’s province 
or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the Canadian 
purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal adviser. 
Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), where Covered 
Bonds are sold to Canadian purchasers in the context of a Rule 144A offering and the Canadian purchasers 
receive the same information distributed to Qualified Institutional Buyers under Rule 144A, the Dealers are 
not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of 
interest in connection with any offer of Covered Bonds. 
Upon receipt of this Prospectus, each Canadian purchaser is hereby deemed to confirm that it has expressly 
requested that all documents evidencing or relating in any way to the sale of Covered Bonds described herein 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any purchase confirmation or any notice) be drawn up in the English 
language only. Par la réception de ce document, chaque acheteur canadien est réputé d’avoir confirmé par

--- Page 264 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
262 
 
 
les présentes qu’il a expressément exigé que tous les documents faisant foi ou se rapportant de quelque 
manière que ce soit à la vente des billets décrites aux présentes (incluant, pour éviter toute incertitude, toute 
confirmation d'achat ou tout avis) soient rédigés en anglais seulement. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA);  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered 
Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final terms 
in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public 
in the UK: 
(c) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(d) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(e) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (c) to (e) above shall require the relevant Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 265 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
263 
 
 
 
the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in relation to any Covered Bonds means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Covered Bonds; and  
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Covered Bond 
Guarantor;  
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA (and all rules and 
regulations made pursuant to the FSMA) with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Covered 
Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom; and 
(c) 
in relation to Covered Bonds which have a maturity of less than one year (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell the 
Covered Bonds other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Covered Bonds would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of FSMA by the Issuer. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agree and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bond which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
 the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below); 
and

--- Page 266 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
264 
 
 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each a Relevant State), each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in 
that Relevant State, except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in that Relevant  
State: 
(c) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(d) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(e) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in paragraphs (c) to (e) above will require the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in relation to any 
Covered Bonds in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds and the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. 
Norway 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that Covered Bonds will not be offered to or sold within Norway or outside 
Norway to Norwegian citizens whose tax residence is in Norway without the Covered Bonds prior thereto 
having been registered in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, the Verdipapirsentralen ASA. 
Sweden 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription or purchase or issue 
invitations to subscribe for or buy Covered Bonds or distribute any draft or final document in relation to any 
such offer, invitation or sale except in circumstances that will not result in a requirement to prepare a prospectus 
pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (lag (1991:980) om handel med 
finansiella instrument). 
Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Covered Bonds have not been offered or sold and will not be offered, 
sold or delivered directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Denmark by way of a public offering, unless in 
compliance with, as applicable, the Prospectus Regulation, the Danish Consolidated Act no. 931 of 6 
September 2019 on Capital Markets, as amended from time to time, and Executive Orders issued thereunder

--- Page 267 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
265 
 
 
and in compliance with Executive Order No. 1580 of 17 December 2018, as amended, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time, issued pursuant to the Danish Consolidated Act no. 937 of 6 September 2019 on 
Financial Business, as amended. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended (the FIEA)) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not 
offer or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act 
No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or 
for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, 
and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that no document (including the Prospectus) has been registered, or will be registered, as a 
prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore, and the Covered Bonds will be offered pursuant to 
exemptions under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (as modified or 
amended from time to time, the Securities and Futures Act). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
the Covered Bonds have not and may not be offered or sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase nor may the Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale or 
invitation for subscription or purchase of any Covered Bonds be circulated or distributed, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Act) pursuant to Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, (b) to a relevant person (as defined 
in Section 275(2) of the Securities and Futures Act) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the Securities and Futures 
Act, or to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the Securities and Futures Act, and in accordance with 
the conditions specified in Section 275 of the Securities and Futures Act, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance, with the conditions of any other applicable provision of the Securities and Futures Act. 
Where the Covered Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the Securities and Futures Act by 
a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor) (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and 
Futures Act)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is 
owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and 
Futures Act)) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an 
individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the Securities and 
Futures Act) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust will 
not be transferable for six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Covered Bonds pursuant 
to an offer under Section 275 of the Securities and Futures Act except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor (for corporations, under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act) or 
to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the Securities and Futures Act or to any person arising 
from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the Securities and Futures Act;

--- Page 268 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
266 
 
 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the Securities and Futures Act; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined, 
and hereby notifies all relevant persons as defined in Section 309A(1) of the Securities and Futures Act, unless 
otherwise specified before an offer of Covered Bonds, that all Covered Bonds issued or to be issued under the 
Programme are classified as capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined 
in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Covered Bonds (except for Covered Bonds which are a "structured product" as defined in the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (SFO)) other than (a) to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made thereunder; or (b) in other circumstances which 
do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (C(WUMP)O) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Covered Bonds, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to 
be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws 
of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Covered Bonds which are or are intended to be disposed of 
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any 
rules made thereunder. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it will comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or 
possesses or distributes this Prospectus or any Final Terms and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Covered Bonds under the laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries 
and none of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Seller, the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee nor 
any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. Furthermore, they will not directly or indirectly 
offer, sell or deliver any Covered Bonds or distribute or publish any form of application, prospectus, 
advertisement or other offering material except under circumstances that will, to the best of their knowledge 
and belief, result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations, and all offers, sales and deliveries 
of Covered Bonds by them will be made on the same terms.

--- Page 269 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
267 
 
 
None of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Seller, the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee or any of 
the Dealers has represented that Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. With regard to each Series or Tranche, the 
relevant Dealer(s) will be required to comply with such other additional or modified restrictions (if any) as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) shall agree as a term of issue and purchase as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Each Dealer will, unless prohibited by applicable law, furnish to each person to whom they offer or sell 
Covered Bonds a copy of this Prospectus as then amended or supplemented or, unless delivery of the 
Prospectus is required by applicable law, inform each such person that a copy will be made available upon 
request. The Dealers are not authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained 
in the Prospectus in connection with the offer and sale of Covered Bonds to which this Prospectus relates. 
This Prospectus may be used by the Dealers for offers and sales related to market-making transactions in the 
Covered Bonds. Any or each of the Dealers may act as principal or agent in these transactions. These sales 
will be made at prices relating to prevailing market prices at the time of sale. None of the Dealers has any 
obligation to make a market in the Covered Bonds, and any market-making may be discontinued at any time 
without notice. The Dealers are participating in the initial distribution of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 270 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
268 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation  
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Covered Bonds have been duly authorised by a resolution 
of a committee of the BNZ Board dated 23 April 2010 and a resolution of the BNZ Board dated 28 October 
2010. The giving of the Covered Bond Guarantee has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor dated 1 June 2010. 
The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the BNZ Board dated 19 April 2013. 
Listing and admission to trading of Covered Bonds 
It is expected that each Tranche of Covered Bonds which is to be admitted to the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be admitted separately as and when 
issued, subject only to the issue of a Temporary Global Covered Bond or a Permanent Global Covered Bond, 
as the case may be, initially representing the Covered Bonds of such Tranche. The Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) and Directive 2014/65/EC (MifID II). The approval of this Prospectus in 
respect of Covered Bonds is expected to be granted on or about 1 June 2023. 
Documents Available  
So long as Covered Bonds are capable of being issued under the Programme, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection on the websites stated: 
(i) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer (which are published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange at www.luxse.com and are also available via the relevant hyperlinks thereto as set out on 
pages 73-75 of the Prospectus in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference");  
(ii) 
the constitutive document of the Covered Bond Guarantor, which is published on the website of the 
New 
Zealand 
Companies 
Office 
and 
is 
available 
via 
https://app.companiesoffice.govt.nz/companies/app/service/services/documents/F3AEFB033CC2FB
D2BE616D9D6EE8DF88; 
(iii) 
the Bond Trust Deed (which contains the guarantee from the Covered Bond Guarantor to the Bond 
Trustee for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders), including the forms of the Global Covered Bonds, 
the Definitive Covered Bonds, the Coupons and the Talons (at https://www.bnz.co.nz/about-
us/capital-and-funding/bnzif-investor-reporting-covered-bond-programme); 
(iv) 
a copy of this Prospectus (on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com);  
(v) 
any future prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements to this Prospectus, any Final Terms 
and any other documents incorporated by reference herein or therein by reference (on the website if 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com), save that Final Terms relating to a Covered 
Bond which is not admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or is an unlisted Covered Bond 
will only be available for inspection from the registered office of the Issuer or by appointment from 
the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar. The Principal Paying Agent or 
Registrar may provide such documents for inspection by electronic means; and 
(vi) 
upon proof satisfactory to the relevant Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, as 
to the identity of the holder of any Covered Bond to which such Final Terms relate.

--- Page 271 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
269 
 
 
Clearing Systems 
The Bearer Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme have been accepted for clearance through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Bearer 
Covered Bonds allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If the Covered Bonds are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg. 
Reports 
The Bond Trust Deed provides that the Bond Trustee may rely and/or act on the advice or report or opinion or 
any information from professional advisers or other experts whether or not instructed by the Bond Trustee 
and/or addressed to the Bond Trustee in accordance with the provisions of the Bond Trust Deed, whether or 
not any such report or other information, or engagement letter or other document entered into by the Bond 
Trustee and the relevant person in connection therewith, contains any monetary or other limit on the liability 
of the relevant person. 
The Calculation Manager prepares and delivers quarterly Asset Coverage Reports detailing, amongst other 
things, compliance with the Asset Coverage Test. Copies of the applicable Final Terms for each series 
(including in relation to unlisted Covered Bonds of any Series) and the Asset Coverage Reports are available 
to Covered Bondholders during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and by appointment 
at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. A Paying Agent may provide such documents for 
inspection by electronic means. Investor reports will also be posted at https://www.bnz.co.nz/about-us/capital-
and-funding/bnzif-investor-reporting-covered-bond-programme.  
Contracts 
The Issuer is not aware of any material contracts having been entered into outside the ordinary course of the 
Issuer's business, and which could result in any member of the BNZ Group being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to its ability to meet its obligations to Covered Bondholders in respect of the 
Covered Bonds that may be issued. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor is not aware of any material contracts having been entered into outside the 
ordinary course of the Covered Bond Guarantor's business, and which could result in it or any of its subsidiaries 
being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to its ability to meet its obligations to Covered 
Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds that may be issued.

--- Page 272 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
270 
 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
Investors should review all APMs in conjunction with BNZ’s Disclosure Statements incorporated by reference 
in this Prospectus (the Disclosure Statements), the relevant section (as indicated in the table below) of the 
“BNZ 
U.S. 
Debt 
Funding 
Information” 
(the 
USDFI) 
available 
on 
BNZ's 
website 
at 
https://www.bnz.co.nz/about-us/governance/suppdisc, and the relevant sections of the "BNZ Supplemental 
Information" incorporated by reference in this Prospectus (the Supplementary Information), which relate 
solely to BNZ’s past performance for the six months ended 31 March 2023, and for the financial years ended 
30 September 2022 and 2021. 
 
APMs 
Definitions and basis 
for calculation 
Rationale for inclusion 
Reconciliation with 
Disclosure Statements or 
source (in relation to non-
New Zealand GAAP line 
items) 
Cost to income 
ratio 
This measure is 
calculated as (x) 
operating expenses 
divided by (y) total 
operating income 
A measure of how well 
the bank manages its cost 
base relative to its income  
See the section entitled 
"Income Statement" of the 
Disclosure Statements 
Loan to deposit 
ratio 
This measure is 
calculated as (x) loans 
and advances to 
customers divided by (y) 
customer deposits 
A balance sheet strength 
measure indicating the 
portion of lending assets 
funded by customer 
deposits 
See the section entitled 
"Balance Sheet" and the 
corresponding note for 
“Deposits and Other 
Borrowings” of the 
Disclosure Statements 
Net charge-offs to 
gross average 
loans 
This measure is 
calculated as (x) (i) total 
bad debts written off 
minus (ii) total bad debts 
recovered divided by (y) 
average interest earning 
loans and advances to 
customers 
A measure of the quality 
of the bank's loan book 
See the sections entitled 
"Summary of Loan Loss 
Experience" and "Average 
Balance Sheet and Related 
Interest" of the Supplemental 
Information 
Net profit on 
average assets 
This measure is 
calculated as (x) net 
profit attributable to 
shareholder of BNZ 
divided by (y) total 
average assets 
A measure to assess the 
bank's profitability and 
financial performance 
See the sections entitled 
"Income Statement" of the 
Disclosure Statements and 
"Average Balance Sheet and 
Related Interest" of the 
Supplemental Information

--- Page 273 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
271 
 
 
Net yield on 
interest earning 
assets 
This measure is 
calculated as (x) (i) 
annualised interest 
income minus (ii) 
annualised interest 
expense divided by (y) 
total average interest 
earning assets  
A measure of net interest 
income generated by the 
bank's assets 
See the section entitled 
"Results of Operations" of 
the USDFI 
The line items used to calculate the above APMs for the applicable financial periods can be located in the 
documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus and/or available on BNZ's website, as indicated in the 
table below:  
Documents 
Line Items 
Disclosure Statements 
customer deposits 
 
interest expense 
 
interest income 
 
loans and advances to customers 
 
net profit attributable to shareholder of BNZ 
 
operating expenses 
 
total operating income 
 
 
USDFI 
average interest earning assets 
 
interest expense 
 
interest income 
 
 
Supplemental Information 
average interest earning loans and advances to 
customers 
 
total average assets 
 
total average interest earning assets 
 
total bad debts recovered 
 
total bad debts written off

--- Page 274 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
272 
 
 
GLOSSARY 
 
30/360 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds). 
30E/360 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds). 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds). 
360/360 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds). 
A&I Forms 
means client authority and instruction forms for e-dealing that conforms with 
the Land Transfer Act 2017 (or any preceding act or statute, as applicable) and 
are approved by the New Zealand Law Society and the Registrar General of 
Land of New Zealand, and each an A & I Form. 
Account Bank 
means BNZ in its capacity as Account Bank pursuant to the Account Bank 
Agreement. 
Account Bank 
Agreement 
means the account bank agreement entered into on the Programme Date 
between the Covered Bond Guarantor, the All Moneys Mortgage Trustee, the 
All Moneys Mortgage Beneficiaries, the Trust Manager, the Account Bank, 
the Calculation Manager and the Security Trustee (as the same may be 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time). 
Account Bank Mandates 
means the GIC Account Mandate, the All Moneys Mortgage Trust Account 
Mandate, the Swap Collateral Cash Account Mandate and any other applicable 
Transaction Account mandate(s). 
Accrual Period 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds).  
Accrual Yield 
in relation to a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, has the meaning given in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Accrued Interest 
means in respect of a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio as at any 
date, the aggregate of all interest accrued but not yet due and payable on the 
Mortgage Loan from (and including) the Mortgage Loan Scheduled Payment 
Date immediately preceding the relevant date to (but excluding) the relevant 
date. 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds). 
Actual/Actual or 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds). 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds).

--- Page 275 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
273 
 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds). 
Actual/360 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds). 
Additional Business 
Centre 
means, in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, the Additional Business 
Centre as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Adjusted Aggregate 
Mortgage Loan Amount 
has the meaning given to it on pages 212 to 212 of this Prospectus. 
Adjusted Mortgage 
Loan Balance Amount 
has the meaning given to it on pages 212 to 213 of this Prospectus. 
Adjusted Required 
Redemption Amount 
means in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds: 
(a) 
the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the Required Redemption Amount; plus 
or minus  
(b) 
the NZ Dollar Equivalent of any swap termination amounts payable 
under the Covered Bond Swaps corresponding to the Series to or by 
the Covered Bond Guarantor less (where applicable) amounts 
standing to the credit of (i) the Pre-Maturity Ledger, (ii) the GIC 
Account and (iii) the principal balance of any Substitution Assets and 
Authorised Investments (excluding all amounts to be applied on the 
next following Trust Payment Date to repay higher ranking amounts 
in the relevant Priority of Payments and those amounts that are 
required to repay any Series of Covered Bonds which mature prior to 
or on the same date as the relevant Series of Covered Bonds); plus or 
minus; 
(c) 
the NZ Dollar Equivalent of any swap termination amounts payable 
to or by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Interest Rate Swaps. 
Adjustment Spread 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(d)(vii) of the Conditions. 
Agency Agreements 
has the meaning given to them in the Conditions. 
Agents 
has the meaning given to them in the Conditions. 
All Moneys Mortgage 
means a Mortgage that secures or purports to secure the repayment of 
Associated Debt as well as a Mortgage Loan. 
All Moneys Mortgage 
Beneficiaries 
means in relation to the All Moneys Mortgage Trust the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and the Seller as beneficiaries of the All Moneys Mortgage Trust 
and "All Moneys Mortgage Beneficiary" means any one of them. 
All Moneys Mortgage 
Trust 
means, in respect of an All Moneys Mortgage, the trust established or, as the 
case may be, to be established pursuant to the Mortgage Sale Agreement on 
the date that such All Moneys Mortgage is sold by the Seller to the Covered 
Bond Guarantor.

--- Page 276 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
274 
 
 
All Moneys Mortgage 
Trust Account 
means the account in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor held at the 
Account Bank for the Covered Bond Guarantor and maintained pursuant to 
the terms of the Account Bank Agreement and such additional or replacement 
bank account of the Covered Bond Guarantor designated as such, as may, from 
time to time, be in place pursuant to the terms of the Account Bank Agreement 
and the Mortgage Sale Agreement. 
All Moneys Mortgage 
Trust Account Mandate 
means the resolutions, instructions and signature authorities relating to the All 
Moneys Mortgage Trust Account substantially in the form set out in schedule 
1 to the Account Bank Agreement. 
All Moneys Mortgage 
Trustee 
has the meaning given to it in clause 15 of the Mortgage Sale Agreement. 
All Moneys Mortgage 
Trust Property 
means, in relation to an All Moneys Mortgage, the Covered Bond Guarantor's 
whole right, title, benefit and interest in and to such All Moneys Mortgage and 
the other Related Security and the proceeds of enforcement of such All 
Moneys Mortgage and other Related Security. 
Alternative Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(d)(vii) of the Conditions. 
Amortisation Test 
has the meaning given to it on pages 214 to 214 of this Prospectus.  
Amortisation Test 
Aggregate Mortgage 
Loan Amount 
has the meaning given to it on page 214 of this Prospectus; 
Amortisation Test 
Current Principal 
Balance 
has the meaning given to it on page 214 of this Prospectus. 
Amortised Face Amount 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(f) (Early Redemption Amounts). 
Annual Accounting Date 
means in respect of the Trust, 30 September in each year or such other date as 
the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting on the directions of the Trust Manager) 
may determine. 
applicable Final Terms 
means, in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on the Covered Bonds. 
Appointee 
means any attorney, manager, Receiver, agent, delegate, nominee, custodian 
or other person appointed by the Bond Trustee under the Bond Trust Deed or 
by the Security Trustee under the Security Deed. 
Arranger 
has the meaning given to it in the Programme Agreement.  
Arrears of Interest 
means, as at any date in respect of any Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio, interest (other than interest that is capitalised as Capitalised Arrears 
or interest that is Accrued Interest) on that Mortgage Loan which is currently 
due and payable and unpaid on that date. 
ASIC 
means Australian Securities and Investments Commission.

--- Page 277 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
275 
 
 
Asset Class Designation 
means the designation (if any) of the Programme to a particular class of 
registered covered bond programme by the RBNZ in accordance with the BPS 
Act. 
Asset Coverage Reports 
means the quarterly reports in a form agreed from time to time between the 
parties to the Management Agreement, and each an "Asset Coverage Report". 
Asset Coverage Test 
has the meaning given to it on page 211 of this Prospectus.  
Asset Coverage Test 
Breach Notice 
means the notice required to be served by the Bond Trustee if the Asset 
Coverage Test is not satisfied on two consecutive Calculation Dates. 
Asset Monitor 
means Ernst & Young whose office is at Ernst & Young Building, 2 Takutai 
Square, Britomart, Auckland 1010, New Zealand or such replacement asset 
monitor appointed pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement from time to 
time. 
Asset Monitor 
Agreement 
means the asset monitor agreement entered into on the Programme Date, 
between, amongst others, the Asset Monitor, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the 
Trust Manager, the Calculation Manager, the Issuer, the Seller, the Bond 
Trustee and the Security Trustee (as the same may be amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time). 
Asset Monitor Fee 
has the meaning given to it in clause 6.1 of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Asset Monitor Report 
means the results of the tests of the arithmetic accuracy of the calculations in 
relation to the Asset Coverage Test or the Amortisation Test, as applicable, 
conducted by the Asset Monitor in accordance with the Asset Monitor 
Agreement to be delivered to, amongst others, the Calculation Manager, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and 
the Security Trustee in accordance with the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Asset Percentage 
has the meaning given to it on page 213 of this Prospectus. 
Asset Pool 
means the pool of assets owned at any time by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
which back the payment of claims attached to the Covered Bonds and may 
comprise the following items: 
(a) 
the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and the Related Securities held by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor; 
(b) 
Authorised Investments; 
(c) 
Substitution Assets; 
(d) 
the rights of the Covered Bond Guarantor in the Programme 
Documents and the Trust Accounts; 
(e) 
the benefit of all representations, warranties, undertakings, covenants, 
indemnities and promises made by any party in favour of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor under the Programme Documents; and

--- Page 278 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
276 
 
 
(f) 
amounts derived or accrued from any of the assets referred to in the 
preceding paragraphs of this definition. 
Asset Register 
means the register of assets established and maintained in accordance with the 
Asset Register Procedures which contains an up-to-date and accurate record 
of the assets of the Trust. 
Asset Register 
Procedures 
means the document produced by the Servicer that specifies the procedures 
and internal controls that ensure: 
(a) 
the up-to-date and accurate keeping of the Asset Register; and  
(b) 
that the assets in the Asset Pool remain consistent with any Asset Class 
Designation,  
which are applied by the Servicer from time to time and which may be 
amended by the Servicer from time to time. 
Asset Register Report 
means the results of the assessments of the Servicer's compliance with its 
obligations relating to the Asset Register conducted by the Asset Monitor in 
accordance with the Asset Monitor Agreement to be delivered to, amongst 
others, the Servicer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the 
Issuer, the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee in accordance with the Asset 
Monitor Agreement. 
Asset Registry Services 
means the asset registry services to be provided by the Servicer pursuant to the 
Servicing Agreement. 
Associated Debt 
means the indebtedness which a Borrower owes or may owe to the Seller from 
time to time which (i) is not a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio 
or (ii) is not transferable to the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the terms 
of the Mortgage Sale Agreement.  
Attorney 
means any attorney appointed under the Security Deed. 
Auditors 
means the auditors for the time being of the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Trust or, in the event of their being unable or unwilling promptly to carry out 
any action requested of them pursuant to the provisions of the trust presents, 
such other firm of accountants as may be nominated or approved by the Bond 
Trustee and the Security Trustee for the purposes of the trust presents, and 
each an "Auditor". 
Authorised Institution 
means a registered bank as defined in the BPS Act. 
Authorised Investments 
means NZ Dollar demand or time deposits, certificates of deposit and short-
term debt obligations (including commercial paper) (which may include 
deposits into any account which earns a rate of interest related to the Bank Bill 
Rate) provided that in all cases such investments have a maturity date of 90 
days or less and mature on or before the next following Trust Payment Date 
and the short-term unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt 
obligations of the issuing or guaranteeing entity or the entity with which the 
demand or time deposits are made (being an Authorised Institution) are rated

--- Page 279 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
277 
 
 
at least equal to "P-1" by Moody's and "F1+" by Fitch or which are otherwise 
acceptable to the Rating Agencies (if they are notified in advance) to maintain 
the then current rating of the Covered Bonds. 
Authorised Signatory 
in relation to a Transaction Party, means an officer of the Transaction Party, 
or such other person appointed by the Transaction Party to act as its authorised 
signatory and notified to the other Transaction Parties. 
Available Principal 
Receipts 
means on a Calculation Date, an amount equal to the aggregate of (without 
double counting): 
(a) 
the amount of Mortgage Loan Principal Receipts received during the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period and credited to the 
Principal Ledger on the GIC Account; 
(b) 
any other amount standing to the credit of the Principal Ledger 
including (i) the proceeds of any Demand Loan Advance (where such 
proceeds have not been applied to acquire New Mortgage Loan 
Portfolios or to invest in Substitution Assets or Authorised 
Investments and (ii) the proceeds from any sale of Selected Mortgage 
Loans pursuant to the terms of the Establishment Deed or the 
Mortgage Sale Agreement but excluding any amount of principal 
received under the Swap Agreements and (iii) any Excess Proceeds;  
(c) 
the amount of any termination payment received from a Swap 
Provider which is not applied to acquire a replacement for the relevant 
terminated swap; and 
(d) 
following repayment of any Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, any amounts 
standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Ledger (unless such amounts 
are required to be retained in accordance with clause 9.11 of the 
Establishment Deed), 
less 
(e) 
Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts which shall be applied in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Swap Agreements. 
Available Revenue 
Receipts 
means on a relevant Calculation Date, an amount equal to the aggregate of: 
(a) 
the amount of Mortgage Loan Revenue Receipts received during the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period and credited to the 
Revenue Ledger on the GIC Account; 
(b) 
other net income of the Covered Bond Guarantor received during the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period, including all amounts of 
interest received on the Trust Accounts, the Substitution Assets and 
Authorised Investments, the amount paid to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor under clause 5.4 of the Servicing Agreement, the amount 
equal to Unpaid Interest paid to the Covered Bond Guarantor under 
clause 7.13 of the Mortgage Sale Agreement, and the proceeds from 
any sale of Mortgage Loans (including, but not limited to, Selected 
Mortgage Loans) pursuant to the terms of the Establishment Deed and

--- Page 280 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
278 
 
 
the Mortgage Sale Agreement to the extent that such proceeds 
comprise Accrued Interest and Arrears of Interest or other interest 
amounts but excluding amounts received by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor under the Swap Agreements; 
(c) 
prior to the service on the Covered Bond Guarantor of a Notice to Pay 
or an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice, amounts standing to the 
credit of the Reserve Fund in excess of the Reserve Fund Required 
Amount; 
(d) 
following the service on the Covered Bond Guarantor of a Notice to 
Pay or an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice, amounts standing to 
the credit of the Reserve Fund; and 
(e) 
any other revenue receipts not referred to in paragraphs (a) to (d) 
(inclusive) above received during previous Calculation Periods and 
standing to the credit of the Revenue Ledger on the GIC Account, 
less 
(f) 
Third Party Amounts, which shall be paid on receipt in cleared funds 
to the Seller; and 
(g) 
Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts which shall be applied in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Swap Agreements. 
Bank Bill Rate 
means in relation to any period: 
(a) 
the bid settlement rate (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest four 
decimals) as displayed at or about 10:45am on the first day of that 
period on the Reuters Monitor Screen page BKBM FRA (or its 
successor page) for bank-accepted bills of exchange having a term 
approximately equal to that period; or 
(b) 
if there is no such rate displayed for bank bills of exchange having a 
term approximately equal to that period, then the average of the rates 
quoted by the Reference Banks as being their respective buy rates for 
such bank-accepted bills of exchange at or about that time on that date; 
or 
(c) 
if the rate cannot be determined pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) above, 
the rate per annum reasonably determined by the Account Bank. 
Basis Swap 
means an ISDA Master Agreement, the schedule relating to it and each 
confirmation between the Interest Rate Swap Provider, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and the Trust Manager under which the Covered Bond Guarantor 
pays to the Interest Rate Swap Provider an amount in respect of Mortgage 
Loans forming part of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio that do not bear interest at 
a fixed rate and under which the Swap Provider pays to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor an amount calculated by reference to the Bank Bill Rate. 
BBSW 
means Australian Bank Bill Swap Rate.

--- Page 281 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
279 
 
 
Bearer Covered Bonds 
means Covered Bonds in bearer form. 
Bearer Definitive 
Covered Bonds 
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
Bearer Global Covered 
Bonds 
means together, the Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond and the 
Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond, and Bearer Global Covered Bond 
means either one of them. 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(d)(iii) of the Conditions. 
Benchmark Event 
has the meaning given to it in Conditions 4(d)(vii) of the Conditions. 
Beneficiaries 
means the Residual Capital Beneficiary and Residual Income Beneficiary, and 
Beneficiary means either of them. 
BKBM 
means New Zealand Bank Bill Reference Rate. 
Block Voting Instruction 
has the meaning given to such term in schedule 4 to the Bond Trust Deed. 
BNZ 
means Bank of New Zealand. 
BNZ Group 
means BNZ and the group of companies of which it is the parent company. 
BNZ-IF 
means BNZ International Funding Limited, acting through its London Branch. 
BNZFML 
means BNZ Facilities Management Limited having its registered office at 
Level 4, 80 Queen Street, Auckland 1010, New Zealand. 
Bond Basis 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds). 
Bond Trust Deed 
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
Bond Trustee 
means Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, in its capacity as bond trustee 
under the Bond Trust Deed together with any additional bond trustee 
appointed from time to time in accordance with the terms of the Bond Trust 
Deed. 
Borrower 
means in relation to a Mortgage Loan, the individual or individuals specified 
as such in the relevant Mortgage together with the individual or individuals (if 
any) from time to time assuming an obligation to repay such Mortgage Loan 
or any part of it.  
BPS Act 
means the Banking (Prudential Supervision) Act 1989 of New Zealand. 
Broken Amount 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds). 
Buildings Policies 
means all buildings insurance policies relating to Properties which have been 
taken out in the name of the relevant Borrower or in the name of the Borrower

--- Page 282 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
280 
 
 
and the Seller or in the name of the Borrower with the interest of the Seller 
noted, in accordance with the applicable Mortgage Conditions.  
Business Day 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds). 
Calculation Agency 
Agreement 
means the agreement in substantially the form set out in schedule 1 of the 
Principal Agency Agreement. 
Calculation Agent 
means in relation to all or any Series of the Covered Bonds, the person initially 
appointed as calculation agent in relation to such Covered Bonds by the Issuer 
and the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the relevant Agency Agreement 
or such other person specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if applicable, 
any successor or separately appointed calculation agent in relation to all or any 
Series of the Covered Bonds. 
Calculation Date 
means 18 June 2020, and the 18th day of each of February, May, August and 
November thereafter, provided that if without giving effect to this proviso the 
Calculation Date and the immediately preceding day would not be NZ 
Business Days, the Calculation Date shall be the next day in the month in 
which both the Calculation Date and the immediately preceding day are NZ 
Business Days unless the Calculation Date would fall in the following month, 
in which case the Calculation Date shall be the previous day in the month in 
which both the Calculation Date and the immediately preceding day are NZ 
Business Days. 
Calculation 
Management Services 
has the meaning given to it in clause 3.2 of the Management Agreement.  
Calculation Manager 
means BNZ, in its capacity as calculation manager under the Management 
Agreement. 
Calculation Manager 
Termination Event 
has the meaning given to it in clause 11.1 of the Management Agreement. 
Calculation Period 
means the period from (and including) a Calculation Date (or the First Issue 
Date in the case of the first Calculation Period) to (but excluding) the next 
Calculation Date.  
Capitalised Arrears 
means for any Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio at any date, 
interest or other amounts which are overdue in respect of that Mortgage Loan 
and which as at that date have been added to the Current Principal Balance of 
that Mortgage Loan in accordance with the Mortgage Conditions or interest 
that is capitalised by agreement from time to time with the relevant Borrower 
(excluding for the avoidance of doubt any Arrears of Interest which have not 
been so capitalised on that date). 
Capitalised Expenses 
means for any Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio at any date, fees 
and expenses in respect of that Mortgage Loan and which as at that date have 
been added to the Current Principal Balance of that Mortgage Loan in 
accordance with the Mortgage Conditions or fees and expenses that are 
capitalised by agreement from time to time with the relevant Borrower.

--- Page 283 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
281 
 
 
Cash Management 
Services 
means the cash management services to be provided by the Trust Manager 
pursuant to the Management Agreement. 
Cash Redraws 
means, in respect of a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, a re-
advance by the Seller of some or all of the Overpayments that the Borrower 
has made under the Mortgage Loan, and each a "Cash Redraw". 
CCA 
means the Credit Contracts Act 1981 of New Zealand.  
CGCB 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(g) (Definitions). 
CCCFA 
means the Credit Contracts and Consumer Finance Act 2003 of New Zealand.  
CDOR 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(A)(III). 
Charged Other Property 
has the meaning given to it on page 226 of this Prospectus.  
Charged Personal 
Property 
has the meaning given to it on page 226 of this Prospectus. 
Charged Property 
means the Charged Other Property and Charged Personal Property. 
Clearing Systems 
means DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or NZClear and shall 
be deemed to include references to any additional or alternative clearing 
system as is approved by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Bond 
Trustee or as may otherwise be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title). 
Collections Account 
Interest Ledger 
means the ledger of such name maintained by the Trust Manager pursuant to 
the Management Agreement to record credits and debits of interest paid by 
BNZ pursuant to clause 5.4 of the Servicing Agreement and distribution of the 
same in accordance with the Establishment Deed. 
Companies Act 
means the Companies Act 1985 (UK), or to the extent the Companies Act 1985 
(UK) has been repealed and replaced or to the extent otherwise relevant at the 
relevant time, the Companies Act 2006 (UK) (and, in each case, any 
regulations made pursuant to the relevant Act). 
Compounded Daily 
SOFR Formula Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(1) of the Conditions. 
Compounded Daily 
SONIA Formula Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(1) of the Conditions. 
Conditions 
means the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
Corporations Act 
means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia. 
Couponholders 
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
Coupons 
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions.

--- Page 284 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
282 
 
 
Covered Bond 
Guarantee 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(b) (Status of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee). 
Covered Bond 
Guarantee Acceleration 
Notice 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b) (Covered Bond Guarantor Events 
of Default). 
Covered Bond 
Guarantor 
means CBG Trustee Company Limited, solely in its capacity as trustee of the 
Trust. 
Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of 
Default 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b) (Covered Bond Guarantor Events 
of Default). 
Covered Bondholders 
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
Covered Bonds 
means the covered bonds issued or to be issued pursuant to the Programme 
Agreement and which are or are to be constituted under the Bond Trust Deed, 
which covered bonds may be represented by a Global Covered Bond or any 
Definitive Covered Bond and includes any replacements or a Covered Bond 
issued pursuant to Condition 10 (Replacement of Covered Bonds, Coupons 
and Talons), and each a Covered Bond. 
Covered Bonds Ledger 
means the ledger of such name to record amounts allocated to a Tranche or 
Series of Covered Bonds in accordance with the provisions of the 
Establishment Deed. 
Covered Bond Swap 
means each swap and/or basis transaction entered into between the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager and a Covered Bond Swap Provider with 
respect to each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement 
means a Swap Agreement entered into between the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
the Trust Manager and a Covered Bond Swap Provider governing a Covered 
Bond Swap (as the same may be amended and/or supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time). 
Covered Bond Swap 
Provider 
means the covered bond swap provider appointed from time to time under the 
Covered Bond Swaps together with any transferee or successor thereto. 
Current Principal 
Balance 
means in relation to any Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio as at 
any given date, the principal balance of that Mortgage Loan to which the Seller 
applies the relevant interest rate to and at which interest on that Mortgage Loan 
accrues interest, and is the aggregate (but avoiding double counting) of: 
(a) 
the original principal amount advanced to the relevant Borrower and 
any further amount advanced on or before any given date to the 
relevant Borrower under that Mortgage Loan secured or intended to 
be secured by the Related Security; and 
(b) 
the amount of any Cash Redraws and Further Advances secured or 
purported to be secured by the Related Security; and

--- Page 285 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
283 
 
 
(c) 
any Capitalised Arrears or Capitalised Expenses, 
less any repayment or payment of any of the foregoing made on or before the 
end of the NZ Business Day immediately preceding that given date. 
Day Count Fraction 
In relation to Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 4(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds) and, in relation to 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds, has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds). 
Dealer and Dealers 
have the meanings given to them in the Programme Agreement. 
Deed of Accession 
means any deed of accession entered into between, amongst others, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager and Security Trustee on the terms 
substantially set out in the form set out in schedule 1 of the Security Deed. 
Defaulted Mortgage 
Loan 
means any Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio which is more than 
three months in arrears. 
Definitions Schedule 
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
Definitive Covered Bond 
means a Bearer Definitive Covered Bond and/or, as the context may require, 
a Registered Definitive Covered Bond. 
Demand Loan 
means the aggregate principal amount of each Demand Loan Advance, as 
reduced by repayment under the Demand Loan Agreement. 
Demand Loan Advances 
means advances made or to be made by the Demand Loan Provider under the 
Demand Loan Facility, and each a Demand Loan Advance. 
Demand Loan 
Agreement 
means the demand loan agreement entered into on the Programme Date 
between the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the Demand Loan 
Provider, the Seller, the Calculation Manager and the Security Trustee (as the 
same may be amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time). 
Demand Loan Facility 
has the meaning given to it in clause 2.1 of the Demand Loan Agreement. 
Demand Loan Ledger 
means the ledger of such name to be maintained by the Trust Manager in 
accordance with the Management Agreement. 
Demand Loan Provider 
means BNZ. 
Designated Account 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(d) (Payments in respect of 
Registered Covered Bonds). 
Designated Bank 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(d) (Payments in respect of 
Registered Covered Bonds). 
Determination Period 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds).

--- Page 286 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
284 
 
 
Disclosure Documents 
means the Prospectus and/or any other information memorandum or other 
offering material prepared in connection with the Programme as revised, 
supplemented or amended from time to time by the Issuer in accordance with 
the Programme Agreement including: 
(a) 
in relation to each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
(b) 
any documents which are from time to time incorporated in the 
relevant Disclosure Documents by reference, but, without prejudice to 
(a) above, not including any subsequent revision, supplement or 
amendment to it or incorporation of information in it. 
Distribution Compliance 
Period 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(g) (Definitions). 
DTC 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title). 
Due for Payment 
means the requirement by the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay any Guaranteed 
Amount following the delivery of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor: 
(a) 
prior to the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default 
and the service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on 
the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor, on the later of: 
(i) 
the date on which the Scheduled Payment Date in respect of 
such Guaranteed Amount occurs or, if later, the day which is 
two Business Days following the date of service of a Notice 
to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor of such Guaranteed 
Amounts or if the applicable Final Terms specified that an 
Extended Due for Payment Date is applicable to the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds, the Interest Payment Date falling on 
the Final Maturity Date as if such date had been the Extended 
Due for Payment Date (Original Due for Payment Date); 
and 
(ii) 
in relation to any Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Final 
Redemption Amount payable on the Final Maturity Date for 
a Series of Covered Bonds only, the Extended Due for 
Payment Date, but only (i) if in respect of the relevant Series 
of Covered Bonds the Covered Bond Guarantee is subject to 
an Extended Due for Payment Date pursuant to the terms of 
the applicable Final Terms and (ii) to the extent that the 
Covered Bond Guarantor having received a Notice to Pay no 
later than the date falling one Business Day prior to the 
Extension Determination Date does not pay Guaranteed 
Amounts equal to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
such Series of Covered Bonds by the Extension 
Determination Date, as the Covered Bond Guarantor has 
insufficient moneys available under the Guarantee Priority of 
Payments to pay such Guaranteed Amounts in full on the

--- Page 287 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
285 
 
 
earlier of (a) the date which falls two Business Days after 
service of such Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor 
or, if later, the Final Maturity Date (or, in each case, after the 
expiry of the grace period set out in Condition 9(b)(i)) under 
the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee or (b) the Extension 
Determination Date, 
or if, in either case, such day is not a Business Day, the next following 
Business Day. For the avoidance of doubt, Due for Payment does not refer to 
any earlier date upon which payment of any Guaranteed Amounts may become 
due under the guaranteed obligations, by reason of prepayment, acceleration 
of maturity, mandatory or optional redemption or otherwise; or 
(b) 
following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of 
Default, the date on which a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration 
Notice is served on the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
Earliest Maturing 
Covered Bonds 
means at any time, the Series of the Covered Bonds (other than any Series 
which is fully collateralised by amounts standing to the credit of the GIC 
Account) that has or have the earliest Final Maturity Date as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (ignoring any acceleration of amounts due under the 
Covered Bonds prior to the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of 
Default). 
Early Redemption 
Amount 
in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, means the early redemption amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 6(f) (Early Redemption Amounts). 
Early Repayment 
Charges 
means any charge or fee which a Borrower is required to pay in accordance 
with the Mortgage Conditions applicable to a Mortgage Loan in the event that 
the Borrower repays all or part of the relevant Mortgage Loan before a 
specified date. 
Established Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(i) (Definitions). 
Establishment Deed  
means the trust deed entered into on the Programme Date, between the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee, the 
Security Trustee, the Seller, the Servicer and the Calculation Manager (as the 
same may be amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time). 
EURIBOR 
means Euro-Zone inter-bank offered rate. 
euro 
means the currency introduced at the start of the third state of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty. 
Eurobond Basis 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds). 
Euroclear 
means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
Excess Proceeds 
means moneys received (following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default and delivery of an Issuer Acceleration Notice) by the Bond Trustee 
from the Issuer or any administrator, receiver, receiver and manager,

--- Page 288 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
286 
 
 
liquidator, statutory manager or other similar official appointed in relation to 
the Issuer. 
Exchange Agent 
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
Exchange Date  
means on or after the date which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global 
Covered Bond is issued. 
Exchange Notice 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(h) (Redenomination). 
Excluded Swap 
Termination Amount 
means in relation to a Swap Agreement, an amount equal to the amount of any 
termination payment due and payable (a) to the relevant Swap Provider as a 
result of a Swap Provider Default with respect to such Swap Provider or (b) to 
the relevant Swap Provider following a Swap Provider Downgrade Event with 
respect to such Swap Provider. 
Existing Covered Bonds 
means, at any time, the Covered Bonds of all Series outstanding at such time. 
Extendable Maturity 
Covered Bonds  
means, in relation to a Series or Tranche (as applicable) of Covered Bonds, 
Covered Bonds that are subject to an Extended Due for Payment Date, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Extended Due for 
Payment Date 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Final redemption). 
Extension 
Determination Date  
has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Final redemption). 
Extraordinary 
Resolution  
means a resolution of the Covered Bondholders passed as such under the terms 
of the Bond Trust Deed. 
Final Maturity Date  
means, in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, the Interest Payment Date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms on which such Series of 
Covered Bonds is required to be redeemed at their Principal Amount 
Outstanding in accordance with the Conditions. 
Final Redemption 
Amount 
means, in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value of each Covered Bond which will be redeemed by the Issuer in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Final Maturity Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Final Terms 
means the final terms prepared in relation to each Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds (substantially in the form of Annex 3 Part II of the Procedures 
Memorandum (in respect of Covered Bonds to be issued by BNZ with a 
minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency))) issued under the Programme and giving details of that Series or 
Tranche and, in relation to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
"applicable Final Terms" means the Final Terms applicable to that Tranche. 
First Issue Date 
means the first Issue Date on which it is intended to be the date of issue of the 
first Series of Covered Bonds under the Programme.

--- Page 289 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
287 
 
 
Fiscal Period 
means a period beginning on 1 October in each year and ending on and 
including the next following Annual Accounting Date, except for the first 
Fiscal Period which is the period beginning on 2 June 2010 and ending on the 
Annual Accounting Date falling on 30 September 2011. 
Fitch 
means Fitch Australia Pty Ltd. and includes any successor to its ratings 
business. 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds). 
Fixed Interest Period 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds).  
Fixed Rate Mortgage 
Loans 
means each Mortgage Loan which is subject to a fixed interest rate for a 
specified period of time and at the expiration of that period is generally subject 
to a variable rate. 
Fixed Rate Swap 
means an ISDA Master Agreement, the schedule relating to it and each 
confirmation between the Interest Rate Swap Provider, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and the Trust Manager, under which the Covered Bond Guarantor 
pays to the Swap Provider an amount in respect of Fixed Rate Mortgage Loans 
forming part of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and under which the Interest Rate 
Swap Provider pays to the Covered Bond Guarantor an amount calculated by 
reference to the Bank Bill Rate. 
Floating Rate 
Convention 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds). 
Following Business Day 
Convention 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds). 
Forward Starting 
Covered Bond Swap 
has the meaning given to it in Overview of the Principal Documents – Covered 
Bond Swap Agreements. 
 
Further Advances 
means in relation to a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, any 
advances of further money to the relevant Borrower following the making of 
the initial advance of moneys in respect of such Mortgage Loan (Initial 
Advance) which is secured by the same Mortgage as the Initial Advance but 
does not include any Redraw, and each a Further Advance. 
GIC Account 
means the account in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor held with the 
Account Bank and maintained subject to the terms of the Account Bank 
Agreement and the Security Deed and/or such additional or replacement 
account as may from time to time be in place pursuant to the terms of the 
Account Bank Agreement and the Security Deed. 
GIC Account Mandate 
means the resolutions, instructions and signature authorities relating to the 
GIC Account substantially in the form set out in schedule 1 to the Account 
Bank Agreement.

--- Page 290 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
288 
 
 
GIC Balance 
has the meaning given to it in clause 15.2 of the Account Bank Agreement. 
GIC Rate 
has the meaning given to it in clause 15.2 of the Account Bank Agreement. 
Global Covered Bond 
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
Governmental Authority 
shall mean any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or 
administrative functions of or pertaining to government in any relevant 
jurisdiction. 
GST 
means goods and services tax chargeable under the Goods and Services Act 
1985 of New Zealand. 
Guarantee Priority of 
Payments 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Final redemption). 
Guaranteed Amounts 
means (a) prior to the service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration 
Notice, with respect to any Original Due for Payment Date or, if applicable, 
any Extended Due for Payment Date, the sum of Scheduled Interest and 
Scheduled Principal, in each case, payable on that Original Due for Payment 
Date or, if applicable, any Extended Due for Payment Date, or (b) after service 
of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice, an amount equal to the 
relevant Early Redemption Amount as specified in the Conditions plus all 
accrued and unpaid interest and at other amounts due and payable in respect 
of the Covered Bonds, including all Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts, all 
Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose) and all 
amounts payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Bond Trust Deed. 
Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds 
means a Series of Covered Bonds which is scheduled to be redeemed in full 
on the Final Maturity Date for such Covered Bonds and without any provision 
for scheduled redemption other than on the Final Maturity Date. 
HIBOR 
means Hong Kong inter-bank offered rate. 
Higher Redemption 
Amount 
means the amount (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
House Price Index 
Supplier 
means:  
(a) 
Data Insight Limited; or 
(b) 
such other recognised professional New Zealand residential property 
valuation supplier that is selected by the Trust Manager to replace the 
previous supplier and in respect of which a Rating Affirmation Notice 
has been given. 
Independent Adviser 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(d)(vii) of the Conditions. 
Indexed Valuation 
means on any day in relation to a Property:

--- Page 291 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
289 
 
 
(a) 
where the Latest Valuation of the Property is equal to or greater than 
the Reference Indexed Valuation as at that date, the Reference 
Indexed Valuation; or 
(b) 
where the Latest Valuation of the Property is less than the Reference 
Indexed Valuation as at that date, the Latest Valuation plus 85 per 
cent. of the difference between the Latest Valuation and the Reference 
Indexed Valuation. 
Initial Advance 
has the meaning given to it in the definition of Further Advance. 
Insolvency Event 
means:  
(a) 
in respect of a Transaction Party (other than the Trust Manager) (for 
the purposes of this paragraph (a) the Relevant Entity) the happening 
of any of these events: 
(i) 
a statutory manager is appointed in respect of the Relevant 
Entity 
under 
the 
Corporations 
(Investigation 
and 
Management) Act 1989 of New Zealand or the BPS Act; 
(ii) 
except for the purpose of a solvent reconstruction or 
amalgamation: 
(A) 
an application or an order is made, proceedings are 
commenced, a resolution is passed or proposed in a 
notice of meeting or an application to a court or other 
steps (other than frivolous or vexatious applications, 
proceedings, notices and steps) are taken for: 
I 
the liquidation or dissolution of the Relevant 
Entity; or 
II 
the Relevant Entity entering into an 
arrangement, compromise or composition 
with or assignment for the benefit of its 
creditors or a class of them; or 
(B) 
the Relevant Entity ceases, suspends or threatens to 
cease or suspend the conduct of all or substantially all 
of its business or disposes of or threatens to dispose 
of substantially all of its assets; or 
(iii) 
the Relevant Entity is, or under applicable legislation is taken 
to be, unable to pay its debts (other than as the result of a 
failure to pay a debt or claim the subject of a good faith 
dispute) or stops or suspends or threatens to stop or suspend 
payment of all or a class of its debts (except, in the case of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, where this occurs in relation to 
another trust of which it is the trustee);

--- Page 292 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
290 
 
 
(iv) 
a receiver or receiver and manager is appointed (by the 
Relevant Entity or by any other person) to all or substantially 
all of the assets and undertaking of the Relevant Entity or any 
part thereof (except, in the case of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, where this occurs in relation to another trust of 
which it is the trustee) and such appointment is not revoked 
within 15 NZ Business Days; 
(v) 
an administrator is appointed to the Relevant Entity or any 
steps are taken for the appointment of an administrator to the 
relevant corporation; or 
(vi) 
anything analogous to an event referred to in subparagraphs 
(i) to (v) (inclusive) or having substantially similar effect, 
occurs with respect to the Relevant Entity; 
(b) 
in relation to any other body corporate, the happening of any of these 
events: 
(i) 
an application (other than a frivolous or vexatious application 
or an application which is stayed within 15 NZ Business 
Days) is made to a court or any order is made that the relevant 
body corporate be wound up other than for the purposes of a 
solvent reconstruction or amalgamation; 
(ii) 
an application is made to a court or an order appointing a 
liquidator or provisional liquidator in respect of the relevant 
body corporate, or one of them is appointed, whether or not 
under an order; 
(iii) 
a receiver, receiver and manager, liquidator, trustee or similar 
officer is appointed in respect of any part of the property of 
the relevant body corporate and such appointment is not 
revoked within 15 NZ Business Days; 
(iv) 
an administrator is appointed to the relevant body corporate 
or any steps are taken for the appointment of an administrator 
to the relevant body corporate; 
(v) 
the relevant body corporate commences negotiations with any 
one or more of its creditors with a view to the general 
readjustment or rescheduling of its indebtedness or makes a 
general assignment for the benefit of or a composition with its 
creditors; 
(vi) 
the relevant body corporate is or states that it is unable to pay 
its debts as and when they fall due or is deemed unable to pay 
its debts under any applicable legislation (other than as a 
result of the failure to pay a debt or claim which is the subject 
of a good faith dispute);

--- Page 293 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
291 
 
 
(vii) 
anything analogous or having a substantially similar effect to 
any of the events specified above happens under the laws of 
any applicable jurisdiction. 
Insurance Contracts 
means any insurance contract or policy arranged by the Seller from time to 
time and in which the Seller has an interest relating to the Mortgage Loans in 
the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, and Insurance Contract means any one of 
them. 
Insurance Policies 
means: 
(a) 
the Buildings Policies; and 
(b) 
the Lender's Mortgage Insurance Policies, 
and each an Insurance Policy. 
Intercompany Loan 
Agreement 
means the intercompany loan agreement dated the Programme Date, between 
the Intercompany Loan Provider, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust 
Manager, the Seller, the Calculation Manager and the Security Trustee (as the 
same may be amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time). 
Intercompany Loan 
Drawdown Date 
means, in relation to a Term Advance, the date specified in the Intercompany 
Loan Drawdown Request for the making of the Term Advance, which must be 
a Business Day. 
Intercompany Loan 
Interest Payment Date 
Means, in relation to a Term Advance, the date specified in the Term Advance 
Notice. 
Intercompany Loan 
Provider 
means BNZ. 
Interest Amount 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds). 
Interest Commencement 
Date 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds). 
Interest Payment Date 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds). 
Interest Period 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds). 
Interest Rate Shortfall 
has the meaning given to it in clause 4.3 of the Servicing Agreement. 
Interest Rate Shortfall 
Test 
has the meaning given to it on page 205 of this Prospectus. 
Interest Rate Swap 
Agreements 
means the Interest Rate Swap Agreements entered into on the Programme Date 
between the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager and the Swap 
Provider governing the Interest Rate Swaps (as the same may be amended 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time).

--- Page 294 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
292 
 
 
Interest Rate Swap 
Provider 
means BNZ in its capacity as interest rate swap provider under the Interest 
Rate Swaps together with any successor thereto. 
Interest Rate Swaps 
means the Basis Swap and Fixed Rate Swap transactions entered into between 
the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Interest Rate Swap Provider. 
ISDA 
means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
ISDA 1995 Credit 
Support Annex 
means the ISDA 1995 credit support annex (Transfer - English law) as 
published by ISDA. 
ISDA Definitions 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds). 
ISDA Master 
Agreement 
means the 2002 ISDA master agreement, as published by ISDA. 
ISDA Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds). 
Issue Date  
means a date on which the Issuer issues Covered Bonds under the Programme. 
Issue Price 
means, in relation to a Series or Tranche (as applicable) of Covered Bonds, the 
price, generally expressed as a percentage of the nominal amount of the 
Covered Bonds, at which the Covered Bonds will be issued and which is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Issuer 
means BNZ. 
Issuer Acceleration 
Notice 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(a) (Issuer Events of Default). 
Issuer Event of Default 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(a) (Issuer Events of Default). 
Land 
Means 
(a) 
any estate or interest whether at law or in equity in freehold or 
leasehold land situated in New Zealand, including all improvements 
on that land; and 
(b) 
any unit and any lot, common property and land comprising a unit 
within the meaning of the Unit Titles Act 1972 of New Zealand. 
Latest House Price 
Index  
means, on any particular date, the most recent quarterly index of increases or 
decreases in house prices produced on a regional basis by the House Price 
Index Supplier, or, if that index ceases to be produced or is not produced 
in the period of 12 months prior to the particular date, a suitably widely 
recognised property price index selected by the Trust Manager (in its 
discretion). 
Latest Valuation  
means, in relation to a Property, the value given to the Property by the most 
recent Valuation Report held by the Seller or the purchase price of the Property 
(if there is no Valuation Report).

--- Page 295 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
293 
 
 
Lead Manager 
has the meaning given to it in the Programme Agreement. 
Ledgers 
has the meaning given to it in clause 19.1 of the Establishment Deed.  
Legended Covered 
Bonds 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(g). 
Lender's Mortgage 
Insurance Policies 
means all insurance policies in favour of the Seller in respect of a Mortgage 
Loan to protect the Seller against any shortfall between the net sale proceeds 
of any Property the subject of a Mortgage and the total amount owing by the 
relevant Borrower to the Seller under the Mortgage Loan. 
Liabilities 
means, in respect of any person, any losses, damages, costs, charges, awards, 
claims, demands, expenses, judgments, actions, proceedings or other liabilities 
whatsoever including properly incurred legal fees and penalties incurred by 
that person, and "Liability" shall be construed accordingly. 
Liability Payment 
has the meaning given to it in clause 5.4 of the Mortgage Sale Agreement. 
LIBOR 
means London inter-bank offered rate. 
LINZ  
means Land Information New Zealand. 
Listed  
(and all related references) means that such Covered Bonds have been 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and have been admitted to the Official List or on such other or 
further stock exchanges or regulated or unregulated markets, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee and the 
relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each issue.  
Long Maturity Covered 
Bond 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b) (Presentation of Bearer 
Definitive Covered Bonds and Coupons).  
Losses 
means the realised losses on the Mortgage Loans which are in the Mortgage 
Loan Portfolio. 
Losses Ledger 
means the ledger maintained by the Trust Manager pursuant to the provisions 
of the Management Agreement to record the Losses in relation to Mortgage 
Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio. 
Luxembourg Paying 
Agent 
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
Luxembourg Registrar 
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
Majority Secured 
Creditors 
means Secured Creditors whose Secured Obligations amount in aggregate to 
more than 66% of the total Secured Obligations. 
Management Agreement 
means the management agreement entered into on the Programme Date, 
between the Seller, the Servicer, the Account Bank, the Calculation Manager, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager and the Security Trustee (as

--- Page 296 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
294 
 
 
the same may be amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time). 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount 
means the amount (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Modified Following 
Business Day 
Convention 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds). 
Moody's 
means Moody's Investors Service Pty Limited and includes any successor to 
its rating business. 
Mortgage  
means a registered mortgage over Land situated in New Zealand, which 
creates, or is intended to create a Security Interest, which is originally granted 
to the Seller and securing the repayment of the principal amount of a Mortgage 
Loan and all other moneys payable under the Mortgage Loan, notwithstanding 
that by its terms the mortgage may also secure other liabilities to the Seller. 
Mortgage Account 
means as the context requires (i) all Mortgage Loans secured on the same 
Property and thereby forming a single mortgage account or (ii) an account 
maintained by the Servicer in respect of a particular Mortgage Loan to record 
all amounts due in respect of that Mortgage Loan (whether by way of principal, 
interest or otherwise) and all amounts received in respect thereof. 
Mortgage Conditions  
means all the terms and conditions applicable to a Mortgage Loan at any time. 
Mortgage Guarantor 
means, in relation to a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, a 
guarantor of that Mortgage Loan. 
Mortgage Loan 
means, unless otherwise specified, a mortgage loan originated by the Seller 
referenced by its mortgage loan identifier number and comprising the 
aggregate of all principal sums, interest, costs, charges, expenses and other 
moneys due or owing with respect to that mortgage loan under the relevant 
Mortgage Conditions by a Borrower on the security of a Mortgage from time 
to time outstanding or, as the context may require, the Borrower's obligations 
in respect of the same but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
Associated Debt. 
Mortgage Loan Files 
means the file or files relating to each Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio (including files kept in microfiche or scanned format or similar 
electronic data retrieval system) containing, amongst other things the 
mortgage documentation applicable to the Mortgage Loan, each letter of offer 
for that Mortgage Loan and, the Valuation Report (if applicable). 
Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio 
means on any particular date, each New Mortgage Loan Portfolio sold to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Sale 
Agreement prior to such date, after taking account of, among other things, 
amortisation of the Mortgage Loans and the addition and/or removal of 
Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to or from the Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio since the Programme Date.

--- Page 297 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
295 
 
 
Mortgage Loan 
Principal Receipts 
means any payment in respect of principal received from time to time in 
respect of any Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio (including, 
without limitation whether as all or part of a Mortgage Loan Scheduled 
Payment by a Borrower on the relevant Mortgage Loan, on redemption (in 
whole or in part), on enforcement or on disposal of such Mortgage Loan or 
otherwise (including pursuant to any Insurance Policy)). 
Mortgage Loan 
Repurchase Notice 
means the notice served upon the Seller (copied to the Trust Manager and the 
Security Trustee) by the Covered Bond Guarantor requiring the repurchase by 
the Seller of specified Mortgage Loans and the Related Security, as set out in 
schedule 3 to the Mortgage Sale Agreement. 
Mortgage Loan Revenue 
Receipts 
means any payment received from time to time in respect of any Mortgage 
Loan which is not a Mortgage Loan Principal Receipt (whether as all or part 
of a Mortgage Loan Scheduled Payment by a Borrower on the relevant 
Mortgage Loan, on redemption (in whole or in part), on enforcement or on 
disposal of such Mortgage Loan or otherwise (including pursuant to any 
Insurance Contract). 
Mortgage Loan 
Scheduled Payment 
means in respect of a Mortgage Loan, the amount which the applicable 
Mortgage Conditions require a Borrower to pay on a Mortgage Loan 
Scheduled Payment Date in respect of such Mortgage Loan. 
Mortgage Loan 
Scheduled Payment 
Date 
means, in relation to any Mortgage Loan, the day on which a Borrower is 
required to make a payment of interest and, if applicable, principal in 
accordance with the Mortgage Conditions applicable to such Mortgage Loan. 
Mortgage Rate 
means the rate at which interest accrues on a Mortgage Loan from time to time. 
Mortgage Sale 
Agreement 
means the mortgage sale agreement to be entered into on the Programme Date, 
between the Seller, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the 
Security Trustee, the Calculation Manager, the Issuer, the Servicer, the Interest 
Rate Swap Provider, the All Moneys Mortgage Beneficiaries and the All 
Moneys Mortgage Trustee (as the same may be amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time). 
NAB 
means National Australia Bank Limited (ABN 12 004 044 937). 
NAB Group 
means National Australia Bank Group, which comprises, amongst others, 
BNZ and National Australia Bank Limited (ABN 12 004 044 937). 
Negative Carry Factor 
has the meaning given to it on page 213 of this Prospectus. 
Net Annual Income 
means the net income of the Trust under the provisions of the Tax Act for a 
Fiscal Period reduced to the extent of any available tax loss the Trust is able 
to subtract from that net income, provided that Net Annual Income for a Fiscal 
Period shall not be less than zero. 
New Mortgage Loans 
means Mortgage Loans which the Seller may transfer to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor pursuant to the Mortgage Sale Agreement.

--- Page 298 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
296 
 
 
New Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio 
 
means a portfolio of New Mortgage Loans and the Related Security (other than 
any New Mortgage Loans and the Related Security included in such portfolio 
which have been redeemed in full prior to the relevant Transfer Date in respect 
of such portfolio), particulars of which are set out in, or attached to, a New 
Mortgage Loan Portfolio Notice, and all right, title, interest and benefit of the 
Seller in and to the rights and assets set out in paragraphs (a) to (f) (inclusive) 
below: 
(a) 
all sums of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, all Accrued Interest, Arrears of Interest, Capitalised Expenses 
and Capitalised Arrears) and any other sum due or to become due 
under or in respect of such New Mortgage Loans and the Related 
Security on or after the Transfer Date in respect of such New 
Mortgage Loans and including, without limitation, the right to 
demand, sue for, recover and give receipts for all such principal, 
interest or other amounts, the right to sue on all covenants and 
undertakings made or expressed to be made in favour of the Seller 
under the applicable Mortgage Conditions; 
(b) 
the benefit of all other securities for such principal, interest and other 
sums payable (including without limitation any interest of the Seller 
in any life policy), any guarantee in respect of such New Mortgage 
Loans or any other collateral security for the repayment of the relevant 
Mortgage Loans secured by the Related Security; 
(c) 
the right to exercise all the powers of the Seller in relation thereto 
subject to and in accordance with the relevant Mortgage Conditions; 
(d) 
all the estate, title and interest in the Properties in relation thereto 
vested in the Seller; 
(e) 
to the extent they are assignable or capable of being put into trust, each 
certificate of title and Valuation Report and any right of action of the 
Seller against any solicitor, valuer or other person in connection with 
any report, valuation, opinion, certificate or other statement of fact or 
opinion given in connection with any such New Mortgage Loans and 
the Related Security, or any part thereof affecting the decision of the 
Seller to make or offer to make such Mortgage Loans or part thereof; 
and 
(f) 
the benefit of certain Insurance Contracts, in each case so far as they 
relate to such New Mortgage Loans comprised in that portfolio of 
New Mortgage Loans and the Related Security, including the right to 
receive the proceeds of all claims made or to be made by or on behalf 
of the Seller or to which the Seller is or may become entitled. 
New Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio Notice 
means a notice in the form set out in schedule 2 to the Mortgage Sale 
Agreement served in accordance with the terms of the Mortgage Sale 
Agreement. 
New Product Type 
means a new type of mortgage loan originated or acquired by the Seller, which 
the Seller intends to transfer to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the terms and

--- Page 299 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
297 
 
 
conditions of which are materially different (in the opinion of the Seller, acting 
reasonably) from the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio. For the 
avoidance of doubt, a Mortgage Loan will not constitute a New Product Type 
if it differs from the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio due to it 
having different interest rates and/or interest periods and/or time periods for 
which it is subject to a fixed rate, capped rate, tracker rate or any other interest 
rate or the benefit of any discounts, cash-backs and/or rate guarantees. 
New Secured Creditor 
means any person which becomes a Secured Creditor after the Programme 
Date pursuant to and in accordance with the Security Deed. 
New Zealand Covered 
Bondholder 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 7 (Taxation).  
NGCB 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(g) (Definitions). 
NIBOR 
means Norwegian inter-bank offered rate. 
Non-Cash Redraw 
means a Payment Holiday under a Mortgage Loan included in the Mortgage 
Loan Portfolio. 
Non-Forward Starting 
Covered Bond Swap 
has the meaning given to it in Overview of the Principal Documents – Covered 
Bond Swap Agreements. 
Notice to Pay 
means the notice to pay served by the Bond Trustee on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee which requires the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments of Guaranteed Amounts when 
they shall become Due for Payment in accordance with the terms of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. 
NZ Business Day 
means any day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which 
banks are open for business in Auckland and Wellington. 
NZ Companies Act 
means the Companies Act 1993 of New Zealand. 
NZClear 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title). 
NZClear Regulations 
means the regulations known as the NZClear System Rules established by 
the RBNZ to govern the use of NZClear and includes the operating guidelines 
deemed to form part of those rules. 
NZCSD 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title). 
NZ Dollar Equivalent 
means in relation to an amount which is denominated in (a) a currency other 
than NZ Dollars, the NZ Dollar equivalent of such amount ascertained using 
the relevant Swap Rate and (b) NZ Dollars, the applicable amount in NZ 
Dollars. 
NZ Dollar Transaction 
Account 
means the NZ Dollar account designated as the Transaction Account in the 
name of the Covered Bond Guarantor, held with the Account Bank and 
maintained subject to the terms of the Account Bank Agreement and the 
Security Deed.

--- Page 300 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
298 
 
 
NZ Dollar Transaction 
Account Mandate 
means the resolutions, instructions and signature authorities relating to the NZ 
Dollar Transaction substantially in the form set out in schedule 1 to the 
Account Bank Agreement. 
NZ Government Bond 
Basis 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds).  
NZ Paying Agent 
means BNZ in its capacity as paying agent and any successor paying agent 
appointed in respect of the Trust. 
NZ Registered Covered 
Bonds 
means Registered Covered Bonds where the Register is maintained by the NZ 
Registrar. 
NZ Registrar 
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
NZ Registry Agreement 
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions.  
 
 
Observation Period 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds). 
Offset Mortgage Loan 
means a Mortgage Loan which allows the relevant Borrower to link the 
Mortgage Loan with certain deposit and/or current accounts that are held by 
the Seller for the purpose of offsetting interest. 
Original Due for 
Payment Date 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds). 
Outstanding or 
outstanding 
means, in relation to the Covered Bonds of all or any Series, all the Covered 
Bonds of such Series issued other than:  
(a) 
those Covered Bonds which have been redeemed in full and cancelled 
pursuant to the Trust Presents and/or the Conditions; 
(b) 
those Covered Bonds in respect of which the date (including, where 
applicable, any deferred date) for redemption in accordance with the 
Conditions has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all 
interest payable thereon) have been duly paid to the Bond Trustee or 
to the Principal Paying Agent in the manner provided in the Agency 
Agreement (and where appropriate notice to that effect has been given 
to the relative Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) of the Conditions and remain available for payment against 
presentation of the relevant Covered Bonds and/or Receipts and/or 
Coupons; 
(c) 
those Covered Bonds which have been purchased and cancelled in 
accordance with Conditions 6(g) (Redemption and Purchase –  
Purchases) and 6(h) (Redemption and Purchase – Cancellation) of the 
Conditions and any equivalent provision in the Conditions;

--- Page 301 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
299 
 
 
(d) 
those Covered Bonds which have become void or in respect of which 
claims have become prescribed, in each case under Condition 8 
(Prescription) of the Conditions; 
(e) 
those mutilated or defaced Covered Bonds which have been 
surrendered and cancelled and in respect of which replacements have 
been issued pursuant to Condition 10 (Replacement of Covered Bonds, 
Coupons and Talons) of the Conditions; 
(f) 
(for the purpose only of ascertaining the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds outstanding and without prejudice 
to the status for any other purpose of the relevant Covered Bonds) 
those Covered Bonds which are alleged to have been lost, stolen or 
destroyed and in respect of which replacements have been issued 
pursuant to Condition 10 (Replacement of Covered Bonds, Coupons 
and Talons);  
(g) 
any Global Covered Bond to the extent that it shall have been 
exchanged for definitive Covered Bonds or another Global Covered 
Bond pursuant to its provisions, the provisions of the Trust Presents 
and the Agency Agreement; and 
(h) 
those Legended Covered Bonds which have been exchanged for 
Unlegended Covered Bonds and those Unlegended Covered Bonds 
which have been exchanged for Legended Covered Bonds, in each 
case pursuant to their provisions, the provisions of the Trust Presents 
and the Principal Agency Agreement, 
provided that for each of the following purposes, namely: 
(i) 
the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds of any Series, to give instruction or direction to the 
Bond Trustee and for the purposes of a resolution in writing as 
envisaged by paragraph 20 of Schedule 4 (Provisions of Meetings for 
Covered Bondholders) to the Bond Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
the determination of how many and which Covered Bonds of any 
Series are for the time being outstanding for the purposes of clause 10 
(Proceedings, Action And Indemnification) of the Bond Trust Deed, 
Conditions 9 (Events of Default and Enforcement) and 14 (Meetings 
of Covered Bondholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution) of 
the Conditions and paragraphs 2, 5, 6, and 9 of Schedule 4 (Provisions 
of Meetings for Covered Bondholders) to the Bond Trust Deed; 
(iii) 
any discretion, power or authority (whether contained in the Trust 
Presents or vested by operation of law) which the Bond Trustee is 
required, expressly or impliedly, to exercise in or by reference to the 
interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any Series; and 
(iv) 
the determination by the Bond Trustee whether any event, 
circumstance, matter or thing is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any Series,

--- Page 302 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
300 
 
 
those Covered Bonds of the relevant Series (if any) which are for the time 
being held by or on behalf of or for the benefit of the Issuer or the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, any Subsidiary or holding company of any of them or any 
other Subsidiary of any such holding company, in each case as beneficial 
owner shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain 
outstanding except in the case of the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
any Subsidiary or holding company of any of them or any other Subsidiary of 
any such holding company (each a Relevant Person) holding, by itself or 
together with any other Relevant Person, all of the Covered Bonds then 
outstanding or, in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds holds all Covered Bond 
of such Series. 
Overpayment 
means in respect of a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, any 
additional amounts of Mortgage Loan Principal Receipts received above the 
regular Mortgage Loan Scheduled Payments due in respect of such Mortgage 
Loan, paid by the relevant Borrower which (a) is permitted by the terms of 
such Mortgage Loan or by agreement with the Borrower and (b) reduces the 
Current Principal Balance of such Mortgage Loan. 
Partial Portfolio 
means part of any portfolio of Selected Mortgage Loans.  
Paying Agents  
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
Payment Day 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(f) (Payment Day). 
Payment Holiday  
means the right of a Borrower, under the applicable Mortgage Conditions, to 
not make a monthly payment for one or more months in certain circumstances 
and, in respect of any Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, a period 
of one or more scheduled payment dates under the Mortgage Loan when the 
relevant Borrower is permitted by the Seller in accordance with the relevant 
Mortgage Conditions not to make the payments due on such scheduled 
payments dates. 
Permanent Bearer 
Global Covered Bond  
means a global bearer covered bond in the form or substantially in the form 
set out in Part 2 (Form of Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond) of 
Schedule 2 (Forms of Global and Definitive Covered Bonds, Coupons and 
Talons) to the Bond Trust Deed together with the copy of the applicable Final 
Terms annexed thereto and with such modifications (if any) as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Bond Trustee and the 
relevant Dealer(s), comprising some or all of the Covered Bonds of the same 
Series, issued by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) relating to the 
Programme, the Agency Agreement and the Trust Presents in exchange for the 
whole or part of any Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond issued in respect 
of such Covered Bonds. 
Permitted Investments  
means: 
(a) 
Mortgage Loans and the Related Security; 
(b) 
Substitution Assets;  
(c) 
Authorised Investments; and

--- Page 303 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
301 
 
 
(d) 
amounts deposited in the Trust Accounts, 
in each case acquired in accordance with the Programme Documents, and 
"Permitted Investment" means any of them. 
PLA 
means the Property Law Act 2007 of New Zealand. 
Post-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments 
has the meaning given to it on page 242 of this Prospectus. 
Potential Issuer Event of 
Default 
means any condition, event or act which, with the lapse of time and/or the 
issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, 
determination and/or request and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the 
fulfilment of any similar condition, would constitute an Issuer Event of 
Default. 
Potential Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of 
Default 
means any condition, event or act which, with the lapse of time and/or the 
issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, 
determination and/or request and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the 
fulfilment of any similar condition, would constitute a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default. 
PPSA 
means the Personal Property Securities Act 1999 of New Zealand. 
PPSR 
means the Personal Property Securities Register established under section 139 
of the PPSA. 
Pre-Acceleration 
Priority of Payments 
means the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments and the Pre-
Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments. 
Pre-Acceleration 
Principal Priority of 
Payments 
has the meaning given to it on page 235 of this Prospectus. 
Pre-Acceleration 
Revenue Priority of 
Payments 
has the meaning given to it on page 232 of this Prospectus. 
Preceding Business Day 
Convention 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds). 
Pre-Maturity Demand 
Loan Advance 
has the meaning given to it in clause 5.3 of the Demand Loan Agreement. 
Pre-Maturity Ledger 
means the ledger maintained by the Trust Manager pursuant to the 
Management Agreement to record the credits and debits of moneys available 
to repay any Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds on the Final Maturity Date 
thereof if the Pre-Maturity Test in respect of such Series of Hard Bullet 
Covered Bonds has been breached. 
Pre-Maturity Test 
has the meaning given to it in clause 9.3 of the Establishment Deed.

--- Page 304 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
302 
 
 
Pre-Maturity Test Date 
has the meaning given to it in clause 9.2 of the Establishment Deed.  
Pre-Maturity Test 
Period 
means, in relation to a Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, in respect of:  
(a) 
BNZ's long-term credit rating from Moody's, the period commencing 
on the day six months prior to the Final Maturity Date of the Series; 
or 
(b) 
BNZ's short-term credit rating from Moody's or from Fitch, the period 
commencing on the day 12 months prior to the Final Maturity Date of 
the Series. 
Principal Agency 
Agreement 
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
Principal Amount 
Outstanding  
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds). 
Principal Ledger  
means the ledger of such name maintained by the Trust Manager pursuant to 
the Management Agreement to record the credits and debits of Mortgage Loan 
Principal Receipts and the other amounts described in paragraph (b) of the 
definition of Available Principal Receipts in accordance with the terms of the 
Establishment Deed. 
Principal Paying Agent  
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
Priorities of Payments 
means the orders of priority for the allocation and distribution of amounts 
standing to the credit of the Trust Accounts in different circumstances, and 
each a "Priority of Payments". 
Procedures 
Memorandum 
means the procedures memorandum in the form for the time being current as 
amended or varied from time to time, in respect of any Tranche or Series, by 
agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) with the approval in 
writing of the Principal Paying Agent, the Bond Trustee and, if applicable, the 
Registrar. 
Product Switch 
means a variation, from time to time, in the Mortgage Conditions applicable 
to a Borrower's Mortgage Loan which means that the Mortgage Loan would 
no longer be a Qualifying Mortgage Loan and/or moving a Borrower to an 
alternative mortgage product, including a change in Product Type. 
Product Type 
means a type of mortgage loan originated by the Seller. 
Programme 
means the covered bond programme established by BNZ and BNZ-IF. 
Programme Agreement 
means the agreement dated on the Programme Date, entered into by, amongst 
others, the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Seller, the Arranger and 
the Dealers to agree a basis upon which the Dealer(s) or any of them may from 
time to time agree to purchase Covered Bonds (as the same may be amended 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time). 
Programme Date  
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions.

--- Page 305 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
303 
 
 
Programme Documents 
means the following documents: 
(a) 
Mortgage Sale Agreement (and any documents entered into (including 
but not limited to any document setting out particulars of each New 
Mortgage Loan Portfolio) pursuant to the Mortgage Sale Agreement); 
(b) 
Servicing Agreement; 
(c) 
Asset Monitor Agreement; 
(d) 
Intercompany Loan Agreement; 
(e) 
Demand Loan Agreement; 
(f) 
Establishment Deed; 
(g) 
Management Agreement; 
(h) 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement; 
(i) 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement; 
(j) 
Account Bank Agreement; 
(k) 
Security Deed (and any documents entered into pursuant to the 
Security Deed, including without limitation each Deed of Accession); 
(l) 
Bond Trust Deed; 
(m) 
Programme Agreement; 
(n) 
each Agency Agreement; 
(o) 
each Subscription Agreement (as applicable in the case of each issue 
of listed Covered Bonds subscribed pursuant to a subscription 
agreement);  
(p) 
Seller's Power of Attorney; and 
(q) 
Definitions Schedule, 
and each document, agreement or deed ancillary or supplemental to any of 
such documents and each a Programme Document. 
Programme Limit  
has the meaning given to such term in the Bond Trust Deed. 
Programme Resolution 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 14 (Meetings of Covered 
Bondholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution). 
Property 
means Land which is subject to a Mortgage. 
Prospectus 
means, at any time, the most recent published Prospectus, including any 
supplement thereto, issued by the Issuer in relation to the Programme.

--- Page 306 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
304 
 
 
Prospectus Regulation   
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prudent Mortgage 
Lender  
means a reasonably prudent residential mortgage lender lending to borrowers 
in New Zealand which generally satisfies the lending criteria of traditional 
sources of residential mortgage capital. 
Purchase Price 
means, (i) if the Seller is the Interest Rate Swap Provider, in relation to a 
Mortgage Loan and the Related Security being sold and the corresponding 
Interest Rate Swap being entered into, an amount equal to the Current 
Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loan being sold, and in relation to a 
Mortgage Loan Portfolio, an amount equal to the aggregate of the Current 
Principal Balances of the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and 
(ii) if the Seller is not the Interest Rate Swap Provider, in relation to a 
Mortgage Loan and the Related Security being sold, an amount equal to the 
market value of the Mortgage Loan being sold, and in relation to a Mortgage 
Loan Portfolio, an amount equal to the aggregate of the market values of the 
Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio. 
Purchaser  
means the Seller or any third party to whom the Covered Bond Guarantor 
offers to sell Selected Mortgage Loans. 
Put Notice 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the option of the 
Covered Bondholders). 
Qualifying Asset 
Monitor 
means any person who is: 
(a) 
independent of BNZ; and 
(b) 
one or more of the following: 
(i) 
a licensed auditor under the Auditor Regulation Act 2011; 
(ii) 
(if BNZ ensures that appropriate arrangements are in place to 
ensure that the functions of the Asset Monitor are performed 
by, or under the supervision of, a licensed auditor) a registered 
audit firm under the Auditor Regulation Act 2011; or 
(iii) 
a member of any other class of persons or firms that has been 
approved by the RBNZ. 
QIB  
has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(g) (Definitions). 
Qualified Institution 
means an Authorised Institution (i) which pays any relevant interest in the 
ordinary course of its business and (ii) whose short-term, unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least P-1 by 
Moody's, or F1 by Fitch and whose long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least A from Fitch. 
Qualifying Borrower 
means a Borrower which:  
(a) 
is not a Borrower in respect of a Defaulted Mortgage Loan; and

--- Page 307 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
305 
 
 
(b) 
is not dead, bankrupt, insane or the subject of an Insolvency Event, 
and any other person which, notwithstanding this definition, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor approves and notifies in writing to the Seller as being a Qualifying 
Borrower. 
Qualifying Mortgage 
Loan 
means a Mortgage Loan which satisfies the qualifying mortgage loan 
eligibility criteria set out in schedule 8 of the Mortgage Sale Agreement. 
Rate of Interest 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(i) (Definitions). 
Rating Agencies 
has the meaning given to them in Condition 6(a) (Final redemption). 
Rating Affirmation 
Notice 
means, in relation to an event or circumstances, a notice in writing from the 
Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor (and copied to the Trust Manager and 
each Rating Agency) confirming that it has notified each Rating Agency of the 
event or circumstances and that the Seller is satisfied, for the purposes of the 
Programme Documents, following discussions with each Rating Agency, that 
the event or circumstances, as applicable, will not result in a reduction, 
qualification or withdrawal of the ratings then assigned by such Rating Agency 
and if a Rating Agency confirmation is required for the purposes of the 
Programme Documents and the Rating Agency does not consider such 
confirmation necessary the Seller shall be entitled to assume that the then 
current rating of the Covered Bonds from that Rating Agency will not be 
downgraded or withdrawn by such Rating Agency as a result of such event or 
circumstance. 
RBNZ 
means the Reserve Bank of New Zealand. 
Receiptholders 
means the holders of Receipts. 
Receipts 
means, in respect of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds previously issued under 
the Programme that are repayable in instalments, the receipts attached for the 
payment of the instalments of principal (other than the final instalment). 
Receiver  
means any person or persons appointed (and any additional person or persons 
appointed or substituted pursuant thereto) by the Security Trustee as a receiver, 
receiver, manager, or receiver and manager of the property charged or secured 
under the Security Deed. 
Record Date 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(d) (Payments in respect of 
Registered Covered Bonds). 
Redeemed Covered 
Bonds 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call)). 
Redenomination Date 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(i) (Definitions). 
Redraw 
means either of a Cash Redraw or a Non-Cash Redraw. 
Reference Banks 
means BNZ, ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited and Westpac Banking 
Corporation.

--- Page 308 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
306 
 
 
Reference Indexed 
Valuation  
means on any day in relation to any Property, the Latest Valuation of the 
Property increased or decreased (as appropriate) by the appropriate regional 
increase or decrease in the Latest House Price Index since the date of that 
Latest Valuation. 
Reference Price 
in respect of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, has the meaning given in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Reg. S Compliance 
Category 1 
means the conditions set out in Rule 903(b)(1) of Regulation S. For further 
information on Regulation S, please refer to "Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions – Selling Restrictions – United States". 
Reg. S Compliance 
Category 2 
means the conditions set out in Rule 903(b)(2) of Regulation S. For further 
information on Regulation S, please refer to "Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions – Selling Restrictions – United States". 
Reg. S Compliance 
Category 3 
means the conditions set out in Rule 903(b)(1) of Regulation S. For further 
information on Regulation S, please refer to "Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions – Selling Restrictions – United States". 
Register 
means the register of holders of the Registered Covered Bonds maintained by 
the relevant Registrar. 
Registered Covered 
Bonds 
means Covered Bonds issued in registered form (being Registered Global 
Covered Bonds and/or Registered Definitive Covered Bonds, as the case may 
be). 
Registered Definitive 
Covered Bond 
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
Registered Global 
Covered Bond 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(a) (Transfers of interests in 
Registered Global Covered Bonds). 
Registrar 
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
Regulated Market 
means the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Regulation S 
means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Regulation S Covered 
Bond 
A Covered Bond represented by a Regulation S Global Covered Bond.  
Regulation S Global 
Covered Bond 
has the meaning given to it in "Form of the Covered Bonds". 
Related Company 
has the meaning given to it in section 2(3) of the NZ Companies Act. 
Related Security 
means in relation to a Mortgage Loan, the security for the repayment of that 
Mortgage Loan including the relevant Mortgage and all other documents, 
matters and things related thereto and which constitute all or part of the 
security for the payment of all sums due in respect of the Mortgage Loan, 
including for the avoidance of doubt, guarantees, security over life policies,

--- Page 309 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
307 
 
 
and any replacement security for a Mortgage Loan that is transferred to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the Mortgage Sale Agreement, 
and with respect to any Related Security that constitutes an All Moneys 
Mortgage, the beneficial interest of the Covered Bond Guarantor in the All 
Moneys Mortgage Trust declared in respect of that Mortgage. 
Relevant Covered Bonds 
has the meaning given to it in clause 7.4 of the Intercompany Loan Agreement. 
Relevant Date 
means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the 
full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Bond 
Trustee or the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, 
the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect 
is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
Representations and 
Warranties 
means the representations and warranties set out in schedule 1 of the Mortgage 
Sale Agreement. 
Repurchase Price 
means the price payable by the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor for the 
repurchase of a Mortgage Loan and the Related Security, as described in clause 
11.4, 11.5, 11.6 or 11.7 or 19.3 of the Mortgage Sale Agreement (as 
applicable). 
Requesting Party 
has the meaning given in Condition 14 (Meetings of Covered Bondholders, 
Modification, Waiver and Substitution). 
Required Current 
Principal Balance 
Amount 
has the meaning given to it in of clause 15.2 of the Establishment Deed. 
Required Redemption 
Amount 
means, in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 













365
1
C
x
B
x
A
 
where, 
A = the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds; 
B = the Negative Carry Factor; and 
C = days to maturity of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
Reserve Fund 
means the reserve fund that the Covered Bond Guarantor will be required to 
establish in the GIC Account which will be credited with the proceeds of 
Available Revenue Receipts or a Term Advance up to an amount equal to the 
Reserve Fund Required Amount. 
Reserve Fund Required 
Amount  
means, on a Calculation Date, if BNZ's short-term, unsecured, unsubordinated 
and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least P-1 by Moody's and F1+

--- Page 310 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
308 
 
 
by Fitch, nil or such other amount as BNZ shall advise the Covered Bond 
Guarantor from time to time and otherwise, an amount equal to: 
(a) 
the higher of the NZ Dollar Equivalent of the interest:  
(i) 
that will accrue on each Series of Covered Bonds from (and 
including) such Calculation Date to (but excluding) the date 
falling three months after such Calculation Date; and 
(ii) 
due for payment on each Series of Covered Bonds from (and 
including) such Calculation Date to (but excluding) the date 
falling three months after such Calculation Date; and 
(b) 
an amount equal to one-quarter of the anticipated aggregate annual 
amount payable in respect of the items specified in paragraphs (a) and 
(b) of the Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments. 
Reserve Ledger 
means the ledger of such name maintained by the Trust Manager pursuant to 
the Management Agreement, to record the crediting of Mortgage Loan 
Revenue Receipts to the Reserve Fund and the debiting of such Reserve Fund 
in accordance with the terms of the Establishment Deed. 
Residual Capital 
Beneficiary 
means SAVY. 
Residual Income 
Beneficiary 
means SAVY. 
Residual Income 
Beneficiary Ledger 
means the ledger of such name maintained by the Trust Manager in accordance 
with the Management Agreement. 
Revenue Ledger 
means the ledger of such name maintained by the Trust Manager pursuant to 
the Management Agreement to record credits and debits of Mortgage Loan 
Revenue Receipts and the other amounts described in paragraph (b) of the 
definition of Available Revenue Receipts in accordance with the terms of the 
Establishment Deed. 
Rule 144A 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(g) (Definitions).  
Rule 144A Global 
Covered Bond  
has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(g) (Definitions).  
Sale Proceeds 
means the cash proceeds realised from the sale of Selected Mortgage Loans 
and the Related Security. 
Scheduled Interest 
 
means an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would have 
been due and payable under the Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment Date 
as specified in Condition 4 (Interest) (but excluding any additional amounts 
relating to premiums, default interest or interest upon interest (Excluded 
Scheduled Interest Amounts) payable by the Issuer following an Issuer 
Event of Default but including such amounts (whenever the same arose) 
following service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice) as if the 
Covered Bonds had not become due and repayable prior to their Final Maturity

--- Page 311 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
309 
 
 
Date or, if the Final Terms specified that an Extended Due for Payment Date 
is applicable to the relevant Covered Bonds, as if the maturity date of the 
Covered Bonds had been the Extended Due for Payment Date (but taking into 
account any principal repaid in respect of such Covered Bonds or any 
Guaranteed Amounts paid in respect of such principal prior to the Extended 
Due for Payment Date), less any additional amounts the Issuer would be 
obliged to pay as a result of any gross-up in respect of any withholding or 
deduction made under the circumstances set out in Condition 7 (Taxation). 
Scheduled Payment 
Date 
means in relation to payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee, each 
Interest Payment Date or the Final Maturity Date as if the Covered Bonds had 
not become due and repayable prior to their Final Maturity Date. 
Scheduled Principal 
means an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which would have 
been due and repayable under the Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment 
Date or the Final Maturity Date (as the case may be) as specified in Condition 
6(a) (Final redemption) and Condition 6(e) (Redemption due to illegality) (but 
excluding any additional amounts relating to prepayments, early redemption, 
broken funding indemnities, penalties, premiums or default interest (the 
Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts) payable by the Issuer following an 
Issuer Event of Default but including such amounts (whenever the same arose) 
following service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice) as if the 
Covered Bonds had not become due and repayable prior to their Final Maturity 
Date or, if the Final Terms specify that an Extended Due for Payment Date is 
applicable to the relevant Covered Bonds, as if the maturity date of the 
Covered Bonds had been the Extended Due for Payment Date. 
Secondary Security 
means, in relation to a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, any 
Related Security provided by a Mortgage Guarantor that also secures a 
Mortgage Loan that has been transferred to a trust established under the BNZ 
Mortgage Trust master trust deed dated 11 November 2008 between Perpetual 
Trust Limited and National Australia Managers Limited. 
Secured Creditors 
means the Security Trustee (in its own capacity and on behalf of the other 
Secured Creditors), the Bond Trustee (in its own capacity and on behalf of the 
Covered Bondholders), the Covered Bondholders, the Receiptholders, the 
Couponholders, the Issuer, BNZ-IF, BNZ (as guarantor in respect of Covered 
Bonds previously issued by BNZ-IF), the Seller, the Servicer, the 
Intercompany Loan Provider, the Demand Loan Provider, the Account Bank, 
the Calculation Manager, the Swap Providers, the Trust Manager, the Asset 
Monitor, the Agents and any other person who becomes a Secured Creditor 
pursuant to the Security Deed, and each a Secured Creditor. 
Secured Obligations 
means all amounts (whether actual or contingent, present or future) which at 
any time for any reason or circumstance in connection with any Programme 
Document that relates to, or applies to, the Trust or the Security Deed or any 
transactions contemplated by any of them (insofar as such transactions relate 
to, or apply to, the Trust), whatsoever whether at law, in equity, under statute 
or otherwise: 
(a) 
are payable, are owing but not currently payable, are contingently 
owing, or remain unpaid by the Covered Bond Guarantor to the

--- Page 312 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
310 
 
 
Security Trustee on its own account or for the account of the Secured 
Creditors or to any Secured Creditor or to any Receiver; 
(b) 
have been advanced or paid by the Security Trustee on its own account 
or for the account of the Secured Creditors or by any Secured Creditor: 
(i) 
at the express request of the Covered Bond Guarantor; and 
(ii) 
on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
(c) 
which the Security Trustee on its own account or for the account of 
the Secured Creditors or any Secured Creditor is liable to pay by 
reason of any act or omission of the Covered Bond Guarantor or has 
paid or advanced in the protection or maintenance of the Charged 
Property or the Security and the charge created by the Security Deed 
following an act or omission by the Covered Bond Guarantor; or 
are reasonably foreseeable as likely, after that time, to fall within any of 
paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) above,  
and references to Secured Obligations includes references to any of them but 
shall exclude Liability Payments. 
This definition applies: 
(i) 
irrespective of the capacity in which the Covered Bond Guarantor, the 
Security Trustee or any Secured Creditor became entitled or is liable 
in respect of the amount concerned;  
(ii) 
whether the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Security Trustee or any 
Secured Creditor is liable as principal debtor or surety or otherwise; 
(iii) 
whether the Covered Bond Guarantor is liable alone or jointly, or 
jointly and severally with another person; 
(iv) 
whether the Security Trustee or any Secured Creditor is the original 
obligee or an assignee or a transferee of the Secured Obligations and 
whether or not: 
(A) 
the assignment or transfer took place before or after the 
delivery of the Security Deed; or 
(B) 
the Covered Bond Guarantor consented to or was aware of the 
assignment or transfer; or 
(C) 
the assigned or transferred obligation was secured; or 
(v) 
whether the Security Trustee or any Secured Creditor is the original 
Security Trustee or an original Secured Creditor or an assignee or a 
transferee of the original Security Trustee or an original Secured 
Creditor, and whether or not the Covered Bond Guarantor consented 
to or was aware of the assignment or transfer.

--- Page 313 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
311 
 
 
Securities Act 
means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  
Security 
means the Security Interests over the Charged Property granted pursuant to the 
Security Deed. 
Security Deed 
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions.  
Security Interest 
means any mortgage, security interest, charge, encumbrance, pledge, lien, 
hypothecation, assignment by way of security or other security interest or title 
retention arrangement and any agreement, trust or arrangement having 
substantially the same economic or financial effect as any of the foregoing 
(other than a lien arising in the ordinary course of business or by operation of 
law). 
Security Trust 
means the trust formed under the Security Deed. 
Security Trustee 
means New Zealand Permanent Trustees Limited, in its capacity as security 
trustee under the Establishment Deed and the Security Deed together with any 
additional security trustee appointed from time to time in accordance with the 
terms of the Security Deed. 
Selected Mortgage Loan 
Offer Notice 
means a notice substantially in the form of schedule 6 of the Mortgage Sale 
Agreement from the Covered Bond Guarantor served on the Seller offering to 
sell Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to the Seller.  
Selected Mortgage 
Loans 
means Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to be sold by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Establishment Deed having in 
aggregate the Required Current Principal Balance Amount. 
Selection Date 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call)). 
Seller 
means BNZ in its capacity as seller pursuant to the Mortgage Sale Agreement. 
Seller Mortgage Loan 
Repurchase Notice 
means the notice served on the Covered Bond Guarantor by the Seller offering 
to purchase certain Mortgage Loans and the Related Security specified in the 
notice, as set out in schedule 5 to the Mortgage Sale Agreement. 
Seller's Power of 
Attorney 
means the Seller Power of Attorney in favour of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
in substantially the form set out at schedule 4 to the Mortgage Sale Agreement. 
Series 
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions.  
Series Reserved Matter 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 14 (Meetings of Covered 
Bondholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution). 
Servicer 
means BNZ in its capacity as Servicer under the Servicing Agreement. 
Servicer Termination 
Event 
has the meaning given to it in clause 17.1 of the Servicing Agreement. 
Services 
means the services to be provided by the Servicer pursuant to the Servicing 
Agreement.

--- Page 314 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
312 
 
 
Servicing Agreement  
means the servicing agreement entered into on the Programme Date, between 
the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the Seller, the All Moneys 
Mortgage Trustee, the Servicer and the Security Trustee (as the same may be 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time). 
Servicing Procedures  
means the originating, lending and underwriting, administration, arrears and 
enforcement policies and procedures which are applied from time to time by 
the Seller to Mortgage Loans and the Related Security for their repayment 
which are beneficially owned solely by the Seller and which may be amended 
by the Seller from time to time. 
Servicing Statement  
has the meaning given in clause 10.3(c) of the Servicing Agreement. 
Settlement Amount 
means $2,000. 
Settlor 
means BNZFML. 
SIBOR 
means Singapore inter-bank offered rate. 
SOFR 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(1) of the Conditions. 
SOFRi 
has the meaning given to it Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(1) of the Conditions. 
SOFR Administrator 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(5) of the Conditions. 
SOFR Administrator’s 
Website 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(5) of the Conditions. 
SOFR IndexEnd 
has the meaning given to it Condition 4(b)(ii)(C(2) of the Conditions. 
SOFR IndexStart 
has the meaning given to it Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(2) of the Conditions. 
SONIA Compounded 
Index 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(2) of the Conditions. 
SONIA Compounded 
IndexEnd  
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(2) of the Conditions. 
SONIA Compounded 
IndexStart 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(2) of the Conditions. 
SONIA Compounded 
Index Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(2) of the Conditions. 
SONIA Reference Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(1) of the Conditions. 
SONIA 
means Sterling overnight index average. 
Specified Currency  
means subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, NZ Dollars, 
euro, Sterling, U.S. Dollars and such other currency or currencies as may be 
agreed from time to time by the Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s), the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Bond Trustee and specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 315 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
313 
 
 
Stock Exchange  
means the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other or further stock 
exchange(s) on which any Covered Bonds may from time to time be listed or 
admitted to trading and references to the relevant Stock Exchange shall, in 
relation to any Covered Bonds, be references to the Stock Exchange on which 
such Covered Bonds are, from time to time, or are intended to be, listed or 
admitted to trading. 
Subordinated Servicing 
Fee Letter 
means the letter dated on the Programme Date between the Servicer, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager and the Security Trustee in 
relation to the payment of a subordinated servicing fee. 
Subscription Agreement 
has the meaning given to it in the Programme Agreement 
Subsidiary 
has the meaning given in section 5 of the NZ Companies Act. 
Substituted Debtor 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 14 (Meetings of Covered 
Bondholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution). 
Substitution Assets 
means each of: 
(a) 
NZ Dollar demand or time deposits, certificates of deposit, long-term 
debt obligations and short-term debt obligations (including 
commercial paper) provided that in all cases such investments have a 
remaining period to maturity of one year or less and the short-term 
unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations or, as 
applicable, 
the 
long-term 
unsecured, 
unguaranteed 
and 
unsubordinated debt obligations of the issuing or guaranteeing entity 
or the entity with which the demand or time deposits are made (being 
an Authorised Institution) are rated P-1/ Aa3 by Moody's and F1 + by 
Fitch or their equivalents by three other internationally recognised 
rating agencies; and 
(b) 
NZ Dollar denominated government and public securities provided 
that such investments have a remaining period to maturity of one year 
or less and which are rated at least Aaa by Moody's and F1+ by Fitch 
or their equivalents by three other internationally recognised rating 
agencies, 
provided that such substitution asset satisfies the requirements for eligible 
assets that may collateralise covered bonds in accordance with RBNZ 
requirements (if any). 
Substitute Servicer 
has the meaning in clause 17.2 of the Servicing Agreement. 
sub-unit 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds). 
Successor Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(d)(vii) of the Conditions. 
Swap Agreements 
means each agreement between the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust 
Manager, a Swap Provider and the Security Trustee governing Swaps entered 
into with such Swap Provider in the form of an ISDA Master Agreement,

--- Page 316 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
314 
 
 
including a schedule, any relevant Swap Agreement Credit Support Document 
and confirmations, and each a "Swap Agreement". 
Swap Agreement Credit 
Support Document 
means a credit support document entered into between the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and a Swap Provider in the form of the ISDA 1995 credit support 
annex (Transfer - English law) to the ISDA Master Agreement. 
Swap Collateral 
means at any time, an amount of cash which is paid or transferred by a Swap 
Provider to the Covered Bond Guarantor as collateral to secure the 
performance by such Swap Provider of its obligations under the relevant Swap 
Agreement together with any income or distributions received in respect of 
such cash. 
Swap Collateral 
Account Mandate 
means the resolutions, instructions and signature authorities relating to the 
Swap Collateral Cash Accounts. 
Swap Collateral 
Available Amounts 
means, at any time, the amount of Swap Collateral which under the terms of 
the relevant Swap Agreement may be applied at that time in satisfaction of the 
relevant Swap Provider's obligations to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
following termination of the Swap to the extent that such obligations relate to 
payments to be made in connection with the Pre-Acceleration Priority of 
Payments or the Guarantee Priority of Payments. 
Swap Collateral Cash 
Account 
means the account in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor held with the 
Account Bank and maintained subject to the terms of the Account Bank 
Agreement and the relevant Swap Agreement Credit Support Document into 
which cash is deposited by a Swap Provider as collateral to secure the 
performance by such Swap Provider of its obligations under the relevant Swap 
Agreement. 
Swap Collateral 
Excluded Amounts 
means at any time, the amount of Swap Collateral which may not be applied 
under the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement at that time in satisfaction of 
the relevant Swap Provider's obligations to the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
including Swap Collateral, which is to be returned to the relevant Swap 
Provider from time to time in accordance with the terms of the Swap 
Agreements and ultimately upon termination of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
Swap Collateral Ledger  
has the meaning given to such term in the Management Agreement. 
Swap Provider Default  
means, in relation to a Swap Agreement, the occurrence of an Event of Default 
or Termination Event (each as defined in such Swap Agreement) where the 
relevant Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or the Affected Party (as 
defined in such Swap Agreement), as applicable, other than a Swap Provider 
Downgrade Event. 
Swap Provider 
Downgrade Event 
means, in relation to a Swap Agreement, the occurrence of an Additional 
Termination Event (as defined in such Swap Agreement) following a failure 
by the Swap Provider to comply with the requirements of the ratings 
downgrade provisions set out in such Swap Agreement. 
Swap Providers 
means the Interest Rate Swap Provider and the Covered Bond Swap Providers, 
and each a Swap Provider.

--- Page 317 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
315 
 
 
Swap Rate 
means in relation to a Covered Bond or Series of Covered Bonds, the exchange 
rate specified in the Covered Bond Swap Agreement relating to such Covered 
Bond or Series of Covered Bonds or, if the Covered Bond Swap Agreement 
has terminated, the applicable spot rate. 
Swaps  
means the Interest Rate Swaps and the Covered Bond Swaps. 
Talons 
have the meaning given to them in the Conditions.  
TARGET2 System 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds). 
Taxes 
mean all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, deductions, 
withholdings or charges of any nature whatsoever and wheresoever imposed, 
including, without limitation, income tax, corporation tax, GST or other tax in 
respect of added value and any franchise, transfer, sales, gross receipts, use, 
business, occupation, excise, personal property, real property or other tax 
imposed by any national, local or supranational taxing or fiscal authority or 
agency together with any penalties, fines or interest thereon and Tax or 
Taxation shall be construed accordingly. 
Tax Act 
means the Income Tax Act 2007 of New Zealand. 
Tax Authority 
means any government, state, municipal, local, federal or other fiscal, revenue, 
customs or excise authority, body or official anywhere in the world including 
the Inland Revenue Department of New Zealand. 
Tax Jurisdiction 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 7 (Taxation). 
TEFRA C 
means U.S. Treas. Reg. Sec. 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor United 
States Treasury regulation section in substantially the same form, including 
without limitation, successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal 
Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United 
States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010). 
TEFRA D 
means U.S. Treas. Reg. Sec. 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor United 
States Treasury regulation section in substantially the same form, including 
without limitation, successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal 
Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United 
States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010). 
Temporary Bearer 
Global Covered Bond  
means a temporary bearer global covered bond in the form or substantially in 
the form set out in Part 1 (Form of Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond) 
of Schedule 2 (Forms of Global and Definitive Covered Bonds, Coupons and 
Talons) to the Bond Trust Deed together with the copy of the applicable Final 
Terms annexed thereto with such modifications (if any) as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Bond Trustee and the 
relevant Dealer(s), comprising some or all of the Covered Bonds of the same 
series, issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Programme Agreement or any other 
agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) relating to the 
Programme, the Agency Agreement and the Trust Presents.

--- Page 318 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
316 
 
 
Term Advances 
means advances made or to be made by the Intercompany Loan Provider to 
the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Intercompany Loan Agreement, and 
each a "Term Advance". 
Term Advances Ledger 
means the ledger of such name maintained by the Trust Manager in accordance 
with the Management Agreement. 
Term Advance Notice 
means a term advance notice substantially in the form of schedule 2 to the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement. 
Third Party Amounts  
 
means each of: 
(a) 
payments by a Borrower of any fees (including Early Repayment 
Charges) and other charges which are due to the Seller; and 
(b) 
any amount received from a Borrower for the express purpose of 
payment being made to a third party for the provision of a service 
(including giving insurance cover) to any of that Borrower or the 
Seller or the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
which amounts may be paid daily from moneys on deposit in the GIC Account. 
It does not, for the avoidance of doubt, include interest payable on the 
Mortgage Loans. 
TIBOR 
means Tokyo inter-bank offered rate. 
Title Perfection Event 
has the meaning given to it in clause 9.1 of the Mortgage Sale Agreement. 
Tranche 
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
Transaction Accounts 
means the GIC Account and such other accounts as may for the time being be 
in place with the prior consent of the Security Trustee and designated as such 
and Transaction Account shall denote any one of the Transaction Accounts. 
Transaction Party 
means any person who is a party to a Programme Document and "Transaction 
Parties" means some or all of them. 
Transfer Agent 
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
Transfer Certificate 
has the meaning given to it in the Condition 2(e) (Transfers of interests in 
Regulation S Global Covered Bonds). 
Transfer Date 
means the date on which the Seller, subject to the fulfilment of certain 
conditions, sells a New Mortgage Loan Portfolio to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor in accordance with the Mortgage Sale Agreement. 
Treaty 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(i) (Definitions).  
Trust 
means the trust known as the "BNZ Covered Bond Trust" formed under the 
Establishment Deed.

--- Page 319 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
317 
 
 
Trust Accounts  
means the Transaction Accounts, the GIC Account, the All Moneys Mortgage 
Trust Account, the Swap Collateral Cash Account or any other applicable 
currency transaction account.  
Trust Manager 
means BNZFML, or any other person from time to time appointed to perform 
the role of trust manager under the Establishment Deed. 
Trust Manager 
Termination Event 
has the meaning given to it in clause 23.1 of the Establishment Deed. 
Trust Payment Date 
means the last Business Day of June 2020, and the last Business Day of 
February, May, August and November thereafter. 
Trust Payment Period 
means the period from (and including) a Trust Payment Date (or the Issue Date 
in the case of the first Trust Payment Period) to (but excluding) the next Trust 
Payment Date. 
Trust Presents 
means the Bond Trust Deed and the schedules thereto and any supplemental 
bond trust deed and schedules (if any), thereto, all as from time to time 
modified in accordance with the provisions therein contained. 
UK CRA Regulation 
means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
UK Exchange Agent  
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
UK Paying Agent 
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
UK Transfer Agent  
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
Unlegended Covered 
Bonds 
means those of the Registered Covered Bonds which are not Legended 
Covered Bonds. 
Unpaid Interest 
means in relation to an Offset Mortgage Loan, the amount of interest which 
would, but for the offset arrangement in the Offset Mortgage Loan, have been 
payable in respect of the relevant Mortgage Loan on the relevant Scheduled 
Payment Date for such Mortgage Loan. 
Unpaid Interest Ledger 
means the ledger of such name maintained by the Trust Manager pursuant to 
the Management Agreement to record all credits and debits of amounts equal 
to Unpaid Interest paid by the Seller in accordance with clause 7.6 of the 
Mortgage Sale Agreement and distribution of the same in accordance with the 
Establishment Deed. 
Valuation Report 
means the valuation report or reports for mortgage purposes from Quotable 
Value or from an independent firm of professional valuers selected from a 
panel of approved valuers by the Seller or from such other source allowed by 
the Servicing Procedures. 
Vesting Date 
means, in relation to the Trust, the earliest of: 
(a) 
the day preceding the eightieth anniversary of the Programme Date;

--- Page 320 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
318 
 
 
(b) 
the date upon which the Trust terminates by operation of law or in 
accordance with the Establishment Deed; and 
(c) 
following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of 
Default, the date on which the Security Trustee has notified the 
Covered Bond Guarantor in writing that it has enforced the Security 
and has distributed all of the amounts which it is required to distribute 
under the Security Deed. 
Written Resolution  
means a written resolution of Covered Bondholders passed as such under the 
terms of the Bond Trust Deed. 
Yield Shortfall  
has the meaning given to it in clause 4.4 of the Servicing Agreement. 
Yield Shortfall Test  
has the meaning given to it on page 206 of this Prospectus. 
Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds 
means Covered Bonds which will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and which will not bear interest.

--- Page 321 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
319 
 
 
ISSUER, SELLER, SERVICER  
AND CALCULATION MANAGER  
Bank of New Zealand 
Level 4 
80 Queen Street 
Auckland 1010 
New Zealand 
 
COVERED BOND GUARANTOR 
CBG Trustee Company Limited 
Level 16 
SAP Tower 
151 Queen Street 
Auckland 1010 
New Zealand 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
DEALER 
National Australia Bank Limited 
National Australia Bank Limited 
The Scalpel 
52 Lime Street 
London EC3M 7AF 
United Kingdom 
 
Level 6 
2 Carrington Street 
Sydney 2000 
Australia 
TRUST MANAGER 
SECURITY TRUSTEE 
BNZ Facilities Management Limited 
Level 4 
80 Queen Street 
Auckland 1010 
New Zealand 
 
New Zealand Permanent Trustees Limited 
Level 16 
SAP Tower 
151 Queen Street 
Auckland 1010 
New Zealand 
 
BOND TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
NZ PAYING AGENT AND REGISTRAR 
Computershare Investor Services Limited 
Level 2, 159 Hurstmere Road 
Takapuna 
Auckland 0622 
Private Bag 92119 
Victoria Street West 
Auckland 1142 
New Zealand 
 
UK PAYING AGENT, EXCHANGE AGENT 
AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
LUXEMBOURG REGISTRAR AND 
LUXEMBOURG PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, L-1115 
Luxembourg

--- Page 322 ---
0121120-0000038 SYO1: 
2002908191.13 
320 
 
 
ASSET MONITOR AND AUDITOR TO THE ISSUER 
Ernst & Young 
Ernst & Young Building 
2 Takutai Square 
Britomart 
Auckland 1010 
New Zealand 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
To the Issuer as to New Zealand law 
Russell McVeagh 
Level 24, 157 Lambton Quay 
Wellington 
New Zealand 
 
To the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Security Trustee as to New Zealand law 
Chapman Tripp 
20 Customhouse Quay 
PO Box 993 
Wellington 6140 
New Zealand 
 
To the Bond Trustee as to English law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
To the Arranger and Dealer as to English law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom