--- Page 1 ---
PROSPECTUS 
 
The Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland 
(established in Ireland by Charter in 1783, and having limited liability Registered in Ireland No. C-1) 
and 
Bank of Ireland Group plc 
(incorporated and registered in Ireland under the Companies Act with registered number 593672) 
€25,000,000,000 
Euro Note Programme 
The Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland (“BOI”) and Bank of Ireland Group plc (“BOIG” and, 
together with BOI, the “Issuers” and each an “Issuer”) have entered into a €25,000,000,000 Euro Note 
Programme (as amended, the “Programme”). Under the Programme, the Issuers may, subject to compliance with 
all relevant laws and regulations, from time to time issue notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or registered 
form (“Registered Notes” and, together with Bearer Notes, the “Notes”, which expression shall include Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes (each as defined herein)) 
denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below).  
References in this document (this “Prospectus”) to the “relevant Issuer” shall, with respect to any Notes, 
be references to whichever of BOI or BOIG is specified as the Issuer in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, Pricing Supplement (each as defined below) for such Notes. The Notes may be English Law Notes or 
Irish Law Notes (each as defined herein), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified herein and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific 
issue or on an ongoing basis (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”). 
This Prospectus supersedes all previous prospectuses, offering circulars, information memoranda and 
supplements thereto in connection with the Programme. Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the 
date hereof are issued subject to the provisions set out herein. This does not affect any Notes already in issue or 
any Notes issued on or after the date hereof and forming a single Series (as defined below) with Notes issued prior 
to the date hereof. 
This Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central 
Bank”), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). The Central Bank only 
approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuers or of the quality of the Notes.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Notes. 
Application has been made to The Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext 
Dublin”) for Notes, other than Exempt Notes (as defined below), to be admitted to the Official List and trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, the “Markets in Financial Instruments Directive” or “MiFID II”). Such approval relates only to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or which are 
to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. The regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
This Prospectus has also been approved as “Listing Particulars” by Euronext Dublin in connection with the 
issue by the Issuers of Exempt Notes. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Exempt Notes to be 
admitted to the Official List and trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin (the “Global 
Exchange Market”). The Global Exchange Market is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other 
or further stock exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Each Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
References in this Prospectus to “Exempt Notes” are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank has neither approved nor reviewed information

--- Page 2 ---
contained in this Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes, including the form of the Pricing 
Supplement in respect of Exempt Notes. 
This Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its 
date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The 
obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Central Bank may at the request of the Issuers, send (i) a copy of the Prospectus and (ii) a certificate of 
approval pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation attesting that the Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, to the competent authority of other Member States of the European 
Economic Area.  
Details of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out (i) in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, in a final terms 
document (the “Final Terms”) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to 
Euronext Dublin on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche, or (ii) in the case of Exempt Notes, 
a pricing supplement document (the “Pricing Supplement”). 
Each Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee (as defined herein) that Notes may be issued in a 
form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a new Prospectus will 
(unless the Notes are Exempt Notes) be made available describing such Notes. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”). Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
Factors which may affect an Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued by it under the 
Programme and factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are set out under “Risk Factors” herein. 
Any investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not subject to the deposit 
protection scheme operated by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, its rating will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, along with (other than in the case of Exempt 
Notes) confirmation of whether or not such rating will be issued and/or endorsed (i) by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”) or (ii) by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) and registered in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”). The list of registered and certified rating 
agencies in the EEA is published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) and will appear 
on its website http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning credit rating agency. 
 
Arranger 
UBS Investment Bank 
Dealers 
Bank of Ireland 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Credit Suisse 
Daiwa Capital Markets Europe 
Danske Bank 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan  
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets 
Mizuho Securities  
Morgan Stanley  
Natixis 
NatWest Markets 
Nomura  
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking  
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit  
 
The date of this Prospectus is 30 September 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Prospectus comprises: 
(i) 
in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued under the Programme, a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(ii) in respect of Exempt Notes issued under the Programme, “Listing Particulars” for the purposes of the 
admission of the Exempt Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on the Global Exchange 
Market and, for such purposes, does not constitute a “prospectus” for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
When used in this Prospectus, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and includes 
any relevant implementing or applying measure in a relevant Member State of the European Economic Area.  
Each Final Terms will constitute final terms in relation to the Tranche of Notes, other than Exempt Notes, 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus. The relevant Issuer 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in the applicable Final Terms and the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. To the best of the knowledge and belief of BOI and BOIG the information contained in this 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information.  
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Dealers (which term, when used in this Prospectus, shall include the Arranger in its capacities as 
both Arranger and Dealer unless the context otherwise requires) or the Trustee as to the accuracy or completeness 
of the information contained in this Prospectus or any other information provided by BOI and/or BOIG in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes or their distribution. The statements made in this paragraph are made 
without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuers under the Programme. 
Copies of each Final Terms constituting final terms for an issue of Notes will be available from the registered 
office of the relevant Issuer and the specified office set out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined below). 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated in it 
by reference (see “Documents Deemed to be Incorporated by Reference” below). This Prospectus shall be read 
and construed on the basis that those documents are so incorporated and form part of this Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Deemed to be Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Prospectus refers does 
not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised by the Central Bank. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes (save, in the 
case of the Dealers, for oral statements which are consistent with the same) and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by BOI, BOIG or the Trustee or any of the 
Dealers. 
Exempt Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading 
on the Global Exchange Market will, because of their nature, normally be bought and traded by a limited number 
of investors who are particularly knowledgeable in investment matters. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
(i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by or on behalf of BOI, BOIG, the Trustee or any of the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or any Notes should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes 
should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the relevant Issuer. 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor any subscription, sale or purchase of any Notes shall at any time 
imply that there has been no change in the affairs of BOI, BOIG or the Group (as defined below) since the date 
hereof or that the information contained in it concerning BOI, BOIG or the Group is correct at any time subsequent 
to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes is correct as of 
any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of BOI, BOIG or the Group during the life of the Programme 
or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
None of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of any Sustainable Notes (as defined 
herein), including the listing or admission to trading thereof on any dedicated ‘green’, ‘environmental’, 
‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market, to fulfil 
any green, social, environmental or sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. The Dealers have 
not undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria for Eligible Sustainable 
Projects (as defined herein), any verification of whether the Eligible Sustainable Projects meet such criteria or the 
monitoring of the use of proceeds of any Sustainable Notes (or amounts equal thereto). Investors should refer to 
the latest versions of the Group’s Green Bond Framework (as defined herein) and the Second Party Opinion (as 
defined herein) relating thereto, as well as any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuers or the Group from 
time to time in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of Sustainable Notes. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Green Bond Framework and Second Party Opinion are not incorporated by reference in this Prospectus 
and none of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability or contents thereof. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION: Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated 
by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a 
benchmark, the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will indicate whether or not the benchmark is 
provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation. Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the 
administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
at the date of the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (or, if located outside the European Union and the 
United Kingdom, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). The registration status of any administrator under the 
Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuers do 
not intend to update the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement to reflect any change in the registration status 
of the administrator. 
This Prospectus has not been reviewed or approved by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority or 
any other authority of or in the United Kingdom. Accordingly, this Prospectus shall not be used for the purposes 
of (i) offering Notes in the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under 
Part VI of the FSMA (as defined below) or Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA or (ii) obtaining an admission to trading of any Notes on a UK regulated market (as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA). 
USE OF THIS PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. BOI, BOIG, the Trustee and the Dealers do not represent that this document may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by BOI, 
BOIG, the Trustee or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented accordingly. Persons into whose possession this 
Prospectus or any Notes come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. In particular, 
there are restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the 
European Economic Area (including Ireland and the Republic of Italy), the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, Japan, 
Singapore and Switzerland (see “Subscription and Sale” below). If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be 
made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealers or any parent company or affiliate of the Dealers is a licensed 
broker or dealer in that jurisdiction and so agrees, the offering shall be deemed to be made by the Dealers or such 
parent company or affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
IMPORTANT – EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement includes a legend entitled “Prohibition 
of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the European Economic Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS - If the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MiFID II product governance / target market – The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
(or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend entitled “EU MiFID II 
product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “EU MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR 
product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
SINGAPORE: SECTION 309B(1)(C) NOTIFICATION 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 
2018”), the Issuers have, unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, determined the classification of all 
Notes to be issued under the Programme as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor 
should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes, be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets and be familiar with the resolution regime applicable to the Issuers and the Group, 
including the possibility that the Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion if the resolution 
powers are exercised; and 
(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers (or, where the question is not based on legal considerations, 
any other financial, tax and/or other adviser that such investor deems appropriate) to determine whether and to 
what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing 
and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their 
legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
GENERAL 
The Issuers do not represent that the holder of any Notes would be entitled to receive any payment in respect 
of such Notes in the event of the insolvency of the relevant Issuer under any depositors’ protection scheme existing 
from time to time in Ireland. 
Nothing in the Programme restricts the right of the Issuers to issue any form of subordinated or 
unsubordinated debt instrument at any time outside the Programme. 
In this Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
All references in this document to “U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$” and “$” refer to United States dollars, those to 
“Yen” and “¥” refer to Japanese Yen, those to “£” and “Sterling” refer to pounds Sterling, those to “Swiss 
Francs” and “CHF” refers to the currency of Switzerland and those to “euro” and “€” refer to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the 
functioning of the European Union, as amended from time to time. 
INTERPRETATION OF “GROUP” 
References herein to the “BOIG Group” are to BOIG, its direct and indirect subsidiaries and subsidiary 
undertakings, taken as a whole and references to the “BOI Group” are to BOI, its direct and indirect subsidiaries 
and subsidiary undertakings, taken as a whole.  
BOIG is a non-operating holding company which carries on all of its trading activities through its direct 
subsidiary, BOI and the other members of the BOI Group (which are indirect subsidiaries of BOIG). BOIG has 
no direct subsidiaries other than BOI. Accordingly, save for the issuance and management of certain capital 
instruments by BOIG, the business of the BOIG Group and the BOI Group are, at the date of this Prospectus, 
substantively similar in all material respects. Therefore, references in this prospectus to the “Group” should be 
construed as references to both of the BOIG and the BOI Groups, save that where that term is used in the context

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
of a relevant Issuer, it should be construed as meaning the BOIG Group (where the relevant Issuer is BOIG) or 
the BOI Group (where the relevant Issuer is BOI).

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ................................................................................................................. 10 
Risk Factors .......................................................................................................................................... 19 
Documents Deemed to be Incorporated by Reference .......................................................................... 56 
General Description of the Programme ................................................................................................ 58 
Form of the Notes ................................................................................................................................. 59 
Applicable Final Terms ......................................................................................................................... 62 
Applicable Pricing Supplement ............................................................................................................ 76 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ....................................................................................................... 93 
Use of Proceeds................................................................................................................................... 139 
Description of BOIG and the Group ................................................................................................... 140 
Description of BOI .............................................................................................................................. 151 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................. 155 
Subscription and Sale .......................................................................................................................... 161 
General Information ............................................................................................................................ 166

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, 
may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME  
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement).  The 
relevant Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that 
contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, and 
if appropriate, a new Prospectus or a supplement to the Prospectus, will be published. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the 
same meanings in this Overview. References to the “Conditions” means the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
and references to a numbered “Condition” should be construed accordingly. 
Issuers: 
The Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland (“BOI”) and 
Bank of Ireland Group plc (“BOIG”) 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifiers (LEI): 
BOI: Q2GQA2KF6XJ24W42G291 
BOIG: 635400C8EK6DRI12LJ39 
Website of the Issuers: 
https://www.bankofireland.com/ 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect each Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its respective obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of a 
particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme.  All of these 
are set out under “Risk Factors”. 
Description: 
Euro Note Programme 
Arranger: 
UBS AG London Branch 
Dealers: 
The Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Credit Suisse International 
Daiwa Capital Markets Europe Limited 
Danske Bank A/S 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC Continental Europe 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc 
Mizuho International plc 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets Plc 
Nomura International plc 
Société Générale 
UBS AG London Branch

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Trustee: 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe Plc  
Programme Size: 
Up to €25,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described under “General Description of the 
Programme”) outstanding at any time.  The Issuers may increase 
the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Certain restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Prospectus. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
In respect of issuances by BOIG, Notes having a maturity of less 
than one year will have a denomination of not less than €125,000 
and, in addition, if the proceeds of the issue are accepted in the 
United Kingdom, such Notes will constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as 
amended, the “FSMA”) unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 
or its equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may 
be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars and any other 
currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the relevant Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency.  
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws, regulations and 
directives, Dated Subordinated Notes constituting Tier 2 Capital

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
will have a minimum maturity of five years and Loss Absorption 
Notes will have a minimum maturity exceeding one year. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
a partly-paid basis and at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form as 
described in Condition 1. Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Preferred Notes of each Series and the Receipts and 
Coupons relating thereto (if any) will be direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer and 
will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
(save for certain debts required to be preferred by law) at least 
equally with all other Ordinary Unsecured Debts (as defined in 
Condition 3(e)) of the relevant Issuer from time to time outstanding. 
Accordingly, subject to the Ranking Legislation (as defined in 
Condition 3(e)), the Senior Preferred Notes and any relative 
Receipts and Coupons will form part of the class of Ordinary 
Unsecured Debts of the Issuer under the Ranking Legislation. 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
BOI may issue Senior Non-Preferred Notes under the Programme. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes of each Series and the Coupons 
relating thereto (if any) will be direct, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of BOI and will, subject to the Ranking Legislation, 
constitute Secondary Unsecured Debts (as defined in Condition 
3(e)), in accordance with subparagraphs 1(c)(i) to 1(c)(iii) of section 
1428A of the Companies Act, of BOI, and rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves. 
Accordingly, subject to the Ranking Legislation, claims in respect 
of principal, interest and any other amount (including, without 
limitation, any damages awarded for breach of BOI’s obligations) 
in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any relative 
Coupons will, in the event of the winding-up of BOI, rank as 
provided for Secondary Unsecured Debts in the Ranking 
Legislation, and therefore: 
(i) 
junior in right of payment to all Senior Claims (as defined 
in Condition 3(e)); 
(ii) 
pari passu with all other Secondary Unsecured Claims (as 
defined in Condition 3(e)); and 
(iii) 
in priority to all Subordinated Claims (as defined in 
Condition 3(e)). 
The Programme does not provide for the issue of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes by BOIG.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
Status of Dated Subordinated Notes: 
The Dated Subordinated Notes of each Series and the Coupons 
relating thereto (if any) will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer and 
will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves.  
Accordingly, subject to the Ranking Legislation, the Dated 
Subordinated Notes and the Coupons relating thereto (if any) will 
form part of the class of Subordinated Debts (as defined in 
Condition 3(e)) of the relevant Issuer and, on a winding-up of the 
relevant Issuer, claims in respect of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
will be subordinated to all Senior Claims and Secondary Unsecured 
Claims, and may also be subordinated to claims in respect of certain 
other, higher-ranking Subordinated Debts of the relevant Issuer. 
Structural 
Subordination 
of 
Notes 
issued by BOIG: 
Notes issued by BOIG are structurally subordinated to Notes issued 
by BOI – see “Risk Factors - Notes issued by BOIG will be 
obligations exclusively of BOIG and BOIG’s ability to make 
payments to the holders of the Notes depends largely upon the 
receipt of dividends, distributions, interest or advances from its 
wholly or partially owned subsidiaries” and “ – Notes issued by 
BOIG will be structurally subordinated to Notes issued by BOI”.  
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes: 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes will bear interest calculated by reference to 
a fixed rate of interest for an initial period and thereafter by 
reference to a fixed rate of interest recalculated on certain dates and 
by reference to a mid-market swap rate or to a benchmark 
government security yield, as adjusted for any applicable margin, 
in each case as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement), such interest being 
payable in arrear on the date(s) in each year specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating either 
(i) the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(“ISDA”), and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series) or (ii) the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions (as published by ISDA as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series), as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement); or

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement). 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series 
of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Benchmark discontinuation: 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event the relevant Issuer will 
use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to 
determine (failing which, the relevant Issuer may determine) a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either 
case, the applicable Adjustment Spread, and any Benchmark 
Amendments, as further set out in accordance with Condition 4(f). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuers may issue any type of Exempt Notes as agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, including (without 
limitation) Exempt Notes which are Index Linked Notes, Dual 
Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes or Notes redeemable in one or 
more instalments.   
 
Index Linked Notes: Payments of principal in respect of Index 
Linked Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of Index Linked 
Interest Notes will be calculated by reference to such index and/or 
formula or to changes in the prices of securities or commodities or 
to such other factors as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
may agree. 
 
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of principal or 
interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual 
Currency Notes will be made in such currencies, and based on such 
rates of exchange, as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer may 
agree. 
 
Partly Paid Notes: The Issuers may issue Notes in respect of which 
the issue price is paid in separate instalments in such amounts and 
on such dates as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer may 
agree. 
 
Notes redeemable in instalments: The Issuers may issue Notes 
which may be redeemed in separate instalments in such amounts

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
and on such dates as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer may 
agree. 
 
The Issuers may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee that Exempt 
Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event the relevant provisions will 
be included in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
in specified circumstances) or that such Notes will be redeemable 
at the option of the relevant Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon 
giving notice to the Noteholders or the relevant Issuer, as the case 
may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity 
and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Early Redemption: 
Notes will also be redeemable at the option of the relevant Issuer 
prior to maturity: 
(i) 
if “Redemption following a Tax Event” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement), upon 
the occurrence of a Tax Event; 
(ii) 
in the case of Dated Subordinated Notes where 
“Redemption following a Capital Event” is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement), upon 
the occurrence of a Capital Event; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Loss Absorption Notes where “Redemption 
following a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event” is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement), upon the occurrence of a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event. 
Conditions to redemption, purchase and 
modification: 
Any redemption, purchase or modification of Dated Subordinated 
Notes and Loss Absorption Notes will be subject to certain 
conditions, as further described at Condition 6(l).  
Substitution and Variation: 
In respect of any Series of Dated Subordinated Notes, upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event, or in order to ensure the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 18(c), the relevant Issuer (in its sole 
discretion but subject to the provisions of Condition 6(m)(iii)) may, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, either substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant 
Series of Dated Subordinated Notes for, or vary the terms of all (but 
not some only) of the Dated Subordinated Notes of such Series so 
that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Tier 2 Compliant Notes 
(and in either case may, in the case of English Law Notes, change 
the governing law of Condition 18(c) from Irish law to English law).

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
In respect of any Series of Loss Absorption Notes where 
“Substitution and Variation” is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement), upon the occurrence of a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 18(c), the Issuer (in its sole discretion 
but subject to the provisions of Condition 6(m)(iii)) may, without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, 
either substitute all (but not some only) of the Loss Absorption 
Notes of such Series for, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) 
of the Loss Absorption Notes of such Series so that they remain or, 
as appropriate, become, Loss Absorption Compliant Notes (and in 
either case may, in the case of English Law Notes, change the 
governing law of Condition 18(c) from Irish law to English law). 
Events of Default: 
The terms of the Senior Preferred Notes which specify “Senior 
Preferred Notes: Restricted Events of Default” as “Not Applicable” 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
Pricing Supplement) will contain the events of default set out at 
Condition 9(a). 
The terms of the Senior Preferred Notes which specify “Senior 
Preferred Notes: Restricted Events of Default” as “Applicable” in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement) will contain the restricted events of default set out at 
Condition 9(b). 
The terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Dated 
Subordinated Notes will contain the restricted events of default set 
out at Condition 10. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge provision. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a cross default provision. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Specified Currency and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note (other than an Exempt Note) will be (i) 
in respect of Notes issued by BOIG having a maturity of less than 
one year, €125,000 or (ii) in respect of any other Notes, €100,000 
(or, in either case, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for, or on account of, withholding taxes imposed by 
Ireland, or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, unless the relevant Issuer shall be 
obliged by law to make such deduction or withholding. In the event 
that any such deduction is made, the relevant Issuer will, save in

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
certain circumstances provided in Condition 7, be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted; provided that 
in the case of (i) Senior Preferred Notes where the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement (as the case may be) specifies “Senior 
Preferred Notes: Restricted Events of Default” to be “Applicable”, 
(ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes and (iii) Dated Subordinated Notes, 
additional amounts will only be paid in respect of any such 
withholding or deduction on payments of interest and not on 
payments of principal. 
Meetings of Noteholders and 
Modification: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings 
of Noteholders (which may be held at a physical location, or via an 
electronic platform (such as a conference call or videoconference) 
or by a combination of such methods) to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities 
to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend 
and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
In addition, the conditions and the Trust Deed contain provisions 
whereby holders of 75 per cent. or more in aggregate nominal value 
of the Notes of any Series may, by way of written resolution or 
electronic consents, consent to matters which affect the interests of 
Noteholders generally, and any such consent shall be binding on the 
holders of all Notes of that Series, whether or not voting in favour. 
Rating: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where 
a Series of Notes is rated, its rating will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. A security rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Listing: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, 
which is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application has also been made to Euronext Dublin for Exempt 
Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official 
List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the Global Exchange 
Market of Euronext Dublin, which is not a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the relevant 
Series. 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes) will state whether or not the relevant

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes) will specify whether the Notes are 
English Law Notes or Irish Law Notes. 
In the case of English Law Notes, the Trust Deed, the Notes, any 
Coupons and Receipts relating to such Notes, and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with any of 
the foregoing, will be governed by and construed in accordance 
with English law, except that Condition 3, Condition 18(c), Clause 
31 of the Trust Deed (with respect to the acknowledgement of Bail-
in Powers, as defined therein) and the provisions of the Trust Deed 
relating to the ranking of claims in respect of the Notes, Receipts 
and Coupons on a winding-up of the Issuer, and (in each case) any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with 
the laws of Ireland. 
In the case of Irish Law Notes, the Trust Deed, the Notes, any 
Coupons and Receipts relating to such Notes, and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with any of 
the foregoing, will be governed by and construed in accordance 
with the laws of Ireland. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the EEA (including Ireland and the Republic of 
Italy), the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, Singapore, Switzerland 
and Japan and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). 
MiFID II Product Governance / UK 
MiFIR Product Governance: 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend entitled “MiFID II 
product governance” and may include a legend entitled “UK 
MiFIR product governance” which, in each case, will outline the 
relevant target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II or UK 
MiFIR is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the relevant target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
RISK FACTORS  
The following is a description of the principal risks associated with an investment in Notes issued under the 
Programme. These risk factors are material to an investment in Notes.  
Prospective investors should carefully read and consider all the information contained in this Prospectus, 
including the risk factors set out in this section, prior to making any investment decision. An investment in Notes 
issued under the Programme is only suitable for investors experienced in financial matters who are in a position 
to fully assess the risks relating to such an investment and who have sufficient financial means to suffer any 
potential loss stemming therefrom.  
Each Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme but the inability of the relevant Issuer to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant 
risks by the Issuers based on information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to 
anticipate or be aware of and neither Issuers represents that the statements below regarding the risks of holding 
any Notes are exhaustive. In addition, if any of the following risks, or any other risk not currently known, actually 
occur, the trading price of any Notes issued under the Programme could decline and Noteholders may lose all or 
part of their investment.  Prospective investors should also read the information set out elsewhere in this 
Prospectus, including the documents incorporated by reference and reach their own views, based upon their own 
judgement and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax advisers as they deem necessary, prior to making 
any investment decision. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING RISKS ASSOCIATED 
WITH THE ISSUERS AND THE GROUP 
The Covid-19 pandemic continues to impact the global, Irish and UK economies 
In March 2020, the World Health Organisation declared the outbreak of a new infectious disease known as 
Covid-19, caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (commonly known as SARS-CoV-2), 
to be a global pandemic. Measures initially adopted by governments to contain the spread of Covid-19, including 
travel bans, closure of businesses and workplaces, quarantine and elective self-isolation, led to many economies 
effectively shutting down.  
The impact of Covid-19 globally and in Ireland and the UK has been severe, notwithstanding material 
monetary policy support, government support measures and regulatory intervention. Vaccines have been 
developed however and are currently being rolled out (albeit unevenly) across countries, with high inoculations 
rates in Ireland and the UK allowing for a substantial easing of public health restrictions and a recovery in 
economic activity in both countries. However, the Delta variant (and other potential variants) of the virus is an 
ongoing concern, while there is uncertainty in respect of a range of matters including the extent, duration and 
intensity of the financial consequences and potential customer behaviour and societal implications. 
Furthermore, there can be no guarantee that any similar pandemics or outbreaks will not occur in the future 
or that the effects of the current global pandemic will not deteriorate further. If such pandemics or outbreaks occur 
in the future, they may result in similar or more adverse effects. 
Regulatory interventions have included the announcement by the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) of 
temporary measures to enable the banks which it directly supervises to continue to support the wider economy. 
Amongst other measures, the ECB will allow such banks to operate temporarily below the level of capital required 
by the Pillar 2 guidance, the capital conservation buffer and the liquidity coverage ratio. 
Any of these factors (or a combination of them) could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition, results of operations, capital, liquidity and/or prospects of financial institutions, including the 
Group.  
The Covid-19 pandemic continues to impact the Group 
Schemes have been initiated by national governments in jurisdictions in which the Group operates to provide 
financial support to parts of the economy most impacted by the Covid-19 pandemic. In March 2020, the Central 
Bank agreed with the Banking & Payments Federation Ireland (“BPFI”) that there should be no impediments to 
Irish situate banks introducing payment breaks for those affected by the pandemic (“Covid-19 Payment 
Breaks”). In September 2020, following a meeting between the Irish Government, CEOs of the five retail banks 
(AIB, Bank of Ireland, KBC, PTSB and Ulster Bank DAC) and the BPFI, the Irish Government announced that 
banks located in Ireland will not accept new applications for Covid-19 Payment Breaks after 30 September 2020. 
It was also agreed with the retail banks that where a borrower will, after the end of a Covid-19 Payment Break

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
period, be unable to meet their repayment obligations, the provision of other payment breaks as well as other 
forbearance options, will be considered on a case-by-case basis by the retail banks. In the UK, the Chancellor of 
the Exchequer announced in March 2020 that it had agreed with industry bodies that mortgage lenders will offer 
at least a three month mortgage holiday to borrowers. The Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) subsequently 
confirmed that mortgage lenders are expected to allow customers defer up to 6 monthly payments in total, but 
should not provide deferrals beyond 31 July 2021. The ultimate impact of these and any future schemes on the 
Group’s customers and the economy, and the consequential impact on the Group, remain uncertain at this stage. 
The Group’s business and financial performance has been and will continue to be affected by economic 
conditions, in particular, in Ireland and the UK, but also in Europe and globally 
Substantially all of the Group’s business activities are in Ireland and the UK, with the majority of the Group’s 
loans and advances to customers in Ireland and the UK. The Group’s business and financial performance is 
therefore directly and indirectly subject to inherent risks arising from general economic conditions in Ireland, the 
UK, and the state of the European and global economy and financial markets both generally, and as they 
specifically affect financial institutions. The Group considers the following sub-categories to be of material 
relevance in this regard. 
Deterioration in economic conditions 
A deterioration in economic conditions could adversely affect the Group’s business and financial 
performance. Specifically, a deterioration in economic conditions in the markets where the Group operates could 
adversely impact the Group’s income (for example, as a result of a fall in the demand for some of the Group’s 
banking services and products) and lead to higher than expected credit losses. This could have adverse 
consequences for the Group if investment in strategic initiatives are de-prioritised and actions taken to control 
costs result in increased operational risk. 
Higher unemployment rates, constraints on household income and debt levels in Ireland and the UK 
Higher unemployment rates, constraints on household income and debt levels in Ireland and the UK could 
impact on the credit quality of the Group’s borrowers — see the risk factor entitled “Decreases in the credit quality 
of the Group’s borrowers and counterparties, could adversely affect the Group's business” for further details.  A 
decrease in the credit quality of the Group’s borrowers could lead to an increase in the Group’s level of non-
performing exposures and impact its ability to lend to customers.  In addition, higher unemployment rates, reduced 
household incomes and/or resulting risk aversion could lead to lower demand for mortgage lending, which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
Pandemics and large scale public health events 
Pandemics like the ongoing Covid-19 virus outbreak and other large-scale public health events, and climate-
related catastrophes have affected and may continue to affect the global economy and the economies in which the 
Group operates leading to slower or negative economic growth, increased unemployment and reduced credit 
demand. These events could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business operations and financial performance 
leading to higher costs, reduced income and lower credit quality. 
Economic, social and political conditions in Europe 
The Group has exposures to customers and counterparties across the Eurozone. Any potential deterioration 
in the economic, social and political conditions in Europe or elsewhere, changes to the political leadership of 
member countries of the Eurozone and/or other political instability or unrest that impacts Europe and/or other 
regions could result in increased volatility in the general economic or political conditions of those countries and/or 
regions, impacting on economic conditions in countries where the Group has exposures, market risk pricing and 
asset price valuations, thereby having an adverse effect on the Group’s profitability, and, in particular, the Issuers’ 
ability to meet their obligations under the Notes. 
Sovereign debt levels of Member States 
Eurozone bond markets and broader international debt markets could be impacted by concerns over 
sovereign debt levels of Member States, requirement for support of the banking system and speculation about the 
stability of the Eurozone, thereby disrupting debt markets and resulting in an increase in the volatility of bond 
yields of the debt of Member States thereby adversely impacting on the value of debt securities held by the Group. 
This could also result in an increase in sovereign borrowing costs and a consequent increase in banks’ funding 
costs, including for the Group which would adversely impact profitability, as well as having a potentially adverse 
impact on the Group’s business in these economies including Ireland. 
Dislocations and liquidity disruptions in Eurozone financial markets or elsewhere

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
Any period of unpredictable movements, severe dislocations and liquidity disruptions in the financial 
markets in the Eurozone or elsewhere, could lead to a reduction in the demand for some of the Group’s banking 
services and products and may also impede the Group’s ability to raise capital or funding. This could result in, 
among other things, the issuance of capital and funding of different types or under different terms than otherwise 
would have been issued or realised, or the incurrence of additional or increased funding and capital costs compared 
to the costs borne in a more stable market environment. These impacts could adversely affect the Group’s ability 
to lend to customers and generate profits. 
Financial institutions interdependency and systemic risk 
Financial institutions have a high level of interdependence as a result of credit, trading, clearing and other 
relationships between them. As a result, a default or threatened default or concerns about a default or threatened 
default by one institution could affect other institutions and lead to significant market-wide liquidity problems 
and financial losses for other financial institutions. It may even lead to defaults of other financial institutions, 
which is a risk, sometimes referred to as “systemic risk”. A systemic risk event may also have a material adverse 
effect on other financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, securities firms and exchanges, 
to which the Group is exposed. This could impact the Group’s ability to meet its intraday liquidity requirements 
as the failure of a market participant to meet its payment, clearing, and settlement obligations can have a material 
impact on connected counterparties, and ultimately lead to systemic disruption. 
Dissolution of the European Monetary Union 
The withdrawal from the Euro by one or more countries that have already adopted its use and, in an extreme 
scenario, the cessation of the use of the Euro could result in the dissolution of the European Monetary Union (the 
“EMU”). This could lead, inter alia, to the re-introduction of individual currencies in one or more EMU member 
states and the redenomination of financial instruments from Euro to a different currency, the effects of which are 
impossible to predict fully and could also result in a downturn in economic activity in Ireland and heightened 
uncertainty for individuals and businesses resulting in a reduction in credit demand, which could adversely affect 
the Group’s financial conditions, results of operations and prospects. 
Changes in market sentiment 
Changes in market sentiment could result in an abrupt increase in risk premia, causing dislocation in global 
financial markets which could have an adverse effect on economic activity, including in Ireland and the UK where 
substantially all of the Group’s business activities are conducted, thereby potentially reducing the Group’s 
profitability and having an adverse effect on the Group’s business and ability to lend to customers. 
Changes in mortgage interest rates 
Various regulatory authorities (for example, the Central Bank) or governments may introduce new 
requirements or ceilings in relation to the interest rates that the Group charges for mortgage lending. A material 
decrease in interest rates for mortgage lending, without a comparable decrease in funding and capital costs for the 
Group, could adversely impact the profitability of the Group. 
International corporate tax reform 
Some 130 countries and jurisdictions have signed up to the OECD’s new plan to reform international 
corporation tax rules, with negotiations scheduled to be completed in October 2021. The proposed reforms may 
pose a challenge for Ireland’s public finances over the medium term and could impact the country’s relative 
attractiveness as a destination for foreign direct investment. This in turn could result in an increase in Ireland’s 
sovereign borrowing costs and a consequent increase in banks’ funding costs, including for the Group, as well as 
a downturn in economic activity in Ireland, all of which could adversely affect the Group’s financial conditions, 
results of operations and prospects. 
The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results 
of operations, financial condition and/or prospects and, in particular, the Issuers’ ability to meet their obligations 
under the Notes. 
A failure to effectively improve or upgrade the Group’s information technology infrastructure and 
management information systems in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects 
The Group maintains a complex IT estate to serve all its customers. To ensure key systems are robust, the 
Group invests multi-millions of euros on a rolling basis to refresh and where appropriate replace technology in 
line with the Group’s multi-year transformation agenda (the “Transformation Plan”). In addition, the Group is 
currently investing in a multi-year investment programme to replace its core banking platforms with a modern

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
banking application. This investment is intended to support the further digitisation of the Group and provide 
enhanced service for customers. 
Notwithstanding this investment, the nature of any complex IT environment means that from time to time 
there may be incidents arising from problems with the Group's IT systems that adversely impact the Group's 
customers and the Group's strategic priorities.  
Given the complexity of the subject matter and the pace of industry and regulatory change, the Group cannot 
provide assurance that the design of the programmes within the Transformation Plan will meet systems, regulatory 
or market requirements or expectations in full or part, or that it or they will do so to the anticipated timetable. As 
is the case for many established financial services providers, in a rapidly changing technology environment and 
in dealing with legacy systems, there is a risk that the investment as anticipated may not deliver the envisaged 
outcomes, and that the Transformation Plan may not deliver to expectations or that the investment required turns 
out to be more than originally considered. There is also a risk that the Group may not be able to engage or retain 
all of the third-party providers and/or key staff that are the optimal providers and integrators of such technology 
and change. Nor can the Group provide assurance that it will be able to maintain the level of operating and capital 
expenditure necessary to support the improvement or upgrading of its information technology infrastructure. The 
full successful implementation of the Transformation Plan may also necessitate a level of behavioural and 
organisational change within the Group, which may fail to materialise in whole or in part and which may have 
unforeseen potential consequences. The Transformation Plan places incremental operational risk management 
challenges for the Group, which, if not successfully managed, could have a negative impact on its future 
relationships with its regulators and its customers who, notwithstanding the anticipated operational benefits, may 
also react negatively to a potential streamlining of product offering that may flow from the redesign of systems. 
Additionally, regulatory requirements and expectations may change (see the risk factor entitled “The Group’s 
business and operations are subject to substantial regulation and supervision and can be negatively affected by 
its non-compliance with certain existing regulatory requirements and any adverse regulatory and governmental 
developments”) resulting in misalignment and/or material additional requirements and/or costs for the 
Transformation Plan, with potential regulatory censure or sanctions for failure or delays in delivery. 
The Group could be adversely affected by the UK’s withdrawal from the EU 
On 31 January 2020, the UK left the EU. The UK and the European Commission announced on 24 December 
2020 that they had reached agreement on a draft EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the “Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement”). The Trade and Cooperation Agreement was approved by the European Parliament 
and the Council of the European Union in April 2021, completing the ratification process.  
There are a number of areas of uncertainty in connection with the future of the UK and its relationship with 
the EU, notwithstanding the signing of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement. Given this, it is not currently 
possible to determine the impact that the UK’s departure from the EU and/or any related matters may have on 
future economic conditions in Ireland and the UK.  
The UK’s withdrawal from the EU could have a significant adverse effect on the economies of Ireland, 
Northern Ireland and the UK which could include, but may not be limited to, reductions in trade, adverse effects 
on employment, consumer and business confidence and associated spending and investment. There have already 
been short-term reductions in trade between the EU and UK, and the medium and longer-term impact remains 
difficult to predict. In addition, the UK’s withdrawal raises the possibility of further exits from the EU and further 
referenda on continued EU membership in other EU member states. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the extent of the impact of the UK's withdrawal from the EU will have on 
the approach of the UK regulatory authorities to the regulation of financial institutions in the future is not yet 
known. In particular, it is not yet known whether the requirements imposed on financial institutions in the UK by 
the UK regulatory authorities will be materially different from the requirements imposed in the EU by the ECB 
and national authorities. Changes to the UK regulatory regime which applies to the Group's business in the UK 
following the UK's withdrawal from the EU, data protection (in respect of intragroup transfers of data and relevant 
Group outsourcing arrangements), and the Group's recovery and resolution arrangements (i.e. potential regulatory 
divergence in approach between UK and EU regulators)) and additional costs could have an adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
There continues to be considerable uncertainty regarding the impact of the UK’s withdrawal from, and future 
relationship with, the EU on the financial services industry and the legal and regulatory environment. This could 
in turn affect pricing, partner appetite, customer confidence and credit demand, collateral values and customers’ 
ability to meet their financial obligations, and, consequently the Group’s financial performance, balance sheet, 
capital and dividend capacity. Other effects may include changes in official interest rate policy in both the UK

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
and Eurozone, which can impact the Group’s revenues and also the Group’s IAS 19 defined benefit pension 
deficit, and foreign exchange rate changes, which can impact the translation of the Group’s UK net assets and 
profits.   
 The UK’s withdrawal from the EU could have a significant adverse effect on the ability of the Group’s 
customers to meet their contractual obligations to the Group, collateral values, the pricing of the Group’s products 
and the introduction of new products by the Group. Any such adverse effect is likely to have an adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. In addition, as the Group 
maintains significant operations in the UK, the UK’s withdrawal from the EU could require the Group to make 
potentially significant changes to its operations in the UK, which in turn could have an adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
The Group’s strategic plans may not be realised 
The Group has identified and set strategic plans for the Group, including, inter alia: 
• 
focussing on the Republic of Ireland as the Group’s core market; and 
• 
retaining selective international diversification in the UK through access to an extensive distribution 
network, primarily through the UK Post Office and the Automobile Association (the “AA”) 
partnerships, and other strategic intermediaries and internationally through acquisition finance. 
These plans include targets which rely on the proper implementation of those strategies and which may be 
sensitive to a number of internal and external dependencies. 
Furthermore, these strategic plans may be adversely affected by macroeconomic factors (in Ireland, the UK 
or globally) and other factors that are outside of the Group’s control. See the Risk Factor entitled “The Group’s 
business and financial performance has been and will continue to be affected by economic conditions, in 
particular, in Ireland and in the UK but also in Europe and globally” for further details. The Group’s 
implementation of these strategies may be affected by the competition in the markets in which the Group operates. 
There is a further risk that the Group may not be in a position to renew third-party distribution agreements 
such as the agreement between, amongst others, Bank of Ireland (UK) plc, AA plc and AA Financial Services 
Limited in the UK (in respect of AA branded financial services products) and other third-parties on terms 
acceptable to the Group or on terms as currently favourable to the Group. Any termination or non-renewal of the 
Group’s relationships with the AA and/or any of its other strategic intermediaries in the UK could have an adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
The Group’s strategic plans also rely, in part, on the proper implementation of those strategies by the Group. 
There is a risk that the Group’s Transformation Plan may not deliver the required objectives in whole or part (see 
the Risk Factor entitled “A failure to effectively improve or upgrade the Group’s information technology 
infrastructure and management information systems in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on 
its business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects” for further information). There is also a 
risk that the Group may not be able to continue to deliver new products or existing products at acceptable margins, 
that future regulation may change the nature of product charging and/or sales in a way that impacts the Group’s 
ability to deliver the planned income, that its chosen business model proves to be inappropriate, or that customers 
are not attracted by the products and services on offer, all of which may have a negative impact on the Group’s 
business and results of operations and, consequently, its financial condition and/or prospects.  
Pension risk is the risk in the Group's defined benefit pension schemes that the assets are inadequate or 
fail to generate returns that are sufficient to meet the schemes’ liabilities 
The Group sponsors a number of defined benefit pension schemes for past and current employees. Pension 
risk crystallises for the sponsor when a deficit emerges of a size which implies a material probability that the 
liabilities will not be met. Defined benefit pension funds are subject to market fluctuations, and interest rate and 
inflation risks, thus a level of volatility is associated with defined benefit pension funding. These market 
fluctuations can impact the value of the schemes’ asset portfolios and returns and / or result in a greater than 
expected increase in the value of the schemes’ liabilities. The level of volatility associated with pension funding 
can have a negative impact on the financial condition and prospects of the Group.  
Weaknesses or failures in the Group’s processes and procedures, external events or other operational risks are 
a risk to the Group’s business 
The Group’s businesses are dependent on their ability to process and report, accurately and efficiently, a 
high volume of complex transactions across numerous and diverse products and services, and subject to a number

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
of different legal and regulatory regimes. Operational risks are inherently present in the Group’s businesses 
including, as a result of potentially inadequate or failed internal processes (including financial reporting and risk 
monitoring processes), IT or equipment failures or the failure of external systems and controls outside of the 
Group’s control or from people-related or external events. The Group’s risk controls and frameworks (that are 
subject to ongoing review and enhancement) or loss mitigation actions implemented may not be effective in 
controlling each of the operational risks faced by the Group. The Group’s operational risks and any weaknesses 
in the Group’s risk controls or frameworks could expose the Group to customer redress, administrative actions or 
sanctions, potential loss of customers, and the potential requirement to hold additional regulatory capital and could 
result in a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or 
prospects, as well as reputational damage which could exacerbate such adverse impact. 
Internal fraud 
The risk of internal fraud (including financial fraud and/or theft) carried out by employees or officers of the 
Group, possibly resulting from lack of adequate segregation of responsibilities, or inappropriate internal access 
levels to systems being accorded to individuals, providing them with knowledge that facilitates fraud could result 
in reputational damage, customer redress, and/or potential loss of customers. This could have an adverse effect on 
the Group's results and on its ability to deliver appropriate customer outcomes or to achieve organisational 
objectives. 
External fraud 
The risk of external fraud, being customer or third-party fraud against the Group such as card skimming or 
cloning could result in reputational damage, customer redress, and/or potential loss of customers. This could have 
an adverse effect on the Group's results and on its ability to deliver appropriate customer outcomes or to achieve 
organisational objectives. 
Cyber-attack 
Cybercrime groups are becoming increasingly sophisticated and the Group faces the risk of cyber-attacks 
against its IT and account management systems. This would include denial of service attacks resulting in material 
adverse effects on the Group’s business and results of operations, reputational damage, potential loss of customers, 
and/or potential requirement to hold additional regulatory capital. 
Failure of IT systems 
The risk of partial or complete failure of some or all of the Group’s IT systems, including any potential 
weaknesses in, or failure of, the Group’s ‘business continuity’ strategy and systems, could result in material 
adverse effects on the Group’s business and results of operations, reputational damage, potential loss of customers, 
regulatory sanctions and/or potential requirement to hold additional regulatory capital. 
Data protection 
The Group processes significant volumes of personal data relating to customers (including name, address, 
identification and banking details) as part of its business. The failure to collect accurately, maintain and keep safe 
data (including personal data), processed by the Group could result in reputational damage, customer redress, 
and/or potential regulatory penalties. 
Business continuity plans 
The risk of poor external service delivery, inadequate internal management, or inadequate business 
continuity plans (for example during a global pandemic or in a disaster) of third-party service providers (including 
outsourcing providers) could result in material adverse effects on the Group’s business and results of operations, 
reputational damage, potential loss of customers, and/or potential requirement to hold additional regulatory 
capital. 
Modelling risk 
The Group uses models across many business units including key financial and credit models. There is a risk 
that these models may be developed without adequate oversight and testing prior to use by the business, which 
could result in an adverse impact on the Group through inappropriate decision making and reporting thereby 
resulting in potential loss, and/or potential requirement to hold additional regulatory capital. 
Failure to keep appropriate documentation, records and archives 
As a regulated group operating in the financial services sector, the Group is required to comply with 
documentation and record retention requirements, including pursuant to its regulatory obligations. The risk of a

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
failure to keep appropriate, accurate and regulatory compliant documentation, records and archives could result 
in reputational damage, customer redress, and/or regulatory penalties. 
Mis-selling financial products and/ or mishandling of complaints 
The Group may be subject to allegations of mis-selling of financial products and/or the mishandling of 
customer complaints. This could have an adverse effect on the Group’s operations resulting in reputational 
damage, customer redress, regulatory fines, withdrawal of products and/or potential loss of customers, any or all 
of which could result in the incurrence of significant costs, may require provisions to be recorded in the financial 
statements and could adversely impact future revenues from affected products. 
Decreases in the credit quality of the Group’s borrowers and counterparties, could adversely affect the Group’s 
business 
Credit risk is the risk of loss resulting from a counterparty being unable to meet its contractual obligations 
to the Group in respect of loans or other financial transactions.  This risk includes but is not limited to default risk, 
concentration risk, country risk, migration risk and collateral risk.  Credit risk arises from loans and advances to 
customers and from certain other financial transactions, such as those entered into by the Group with financial 
institutions, sovereigns and state institutions.  Credit facilities can be largely grouped into the following categories: 
cash advances (e.g. loans, overdrafts, revolving credit facilities and bonds), associated commitments and letters 
of offer; credit related contingent facilities (issuing of guarantees / performance bonds / letters of credit); 
derivative instruments; and settlement lines. The Group has exposures to residential mortgages, retail borrowers, 
small and medium sized enterprises (“SMEs”) and corporate borrowers in different sectors and investors in 
commercial property and residential property. 
In the ordinary course of its operations, the Group estimates and establishes impairment loss allowances for 
credit risks and the potential credit losses inherent in these exposures. This process, which is critical to the Group’s 
results and financial condition, requires complex judgements, including forecasts of how changing 
macroeconomic conditions might impair the ability of borrowers to repay their loans. The Group may fail to 
adequately identify the relevant factors or accurately estimate the impact and/or magnitude of identified factors, 
which could materially adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or 
prospects. 
Further, there is a risk that, despite the Group’s belief that it conducts an accurate assessment of borrower 
credit quality, borrowers are unable to meet their commitments as they fall due as a result of borrower specific 
circumstances, macro-economic factors or other external factors, including the Covid-19 pandemic (see the risk 
factor entitled “The Covid-19 pandemic continues to impact the global, Irish and UK economies” above). The 
failure of borrowers to meet their commitments as they fall due may result in higher impairment loss allowances 
or a negative impact on fair value in the Group’s lending portfolio. A deterioration in borrower credit quality and 
the consequent increase in impairments could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
The Group’s primary markets are Ireland and the UK. At 30 June 2021, based on the geographic location of 
the business unit where the asset is booked, 62 per cent. of the Group’s loans and advances to customers were in 
Ireland, 37 per cent. in the UK and 1 per cent. in other jurisdictions. As at 30 June 2021, residential mortgages 
represented 56 per cent. of total loans and advances to customers. Residential mortgage exposures originated and 
managed in Ireland and the UK represent a material concentration of credit risk. 
Economic conditions may deteriorate in the Group’s main markets, which may lead to, amongst other things, 
counterparties and borrowers experiencing an adverse financial situation, declines in values of collateral 
(including residential and commercial property values) and investments, increases in unemployment levels, weak 
consumer and corporate spending, declining corporate profitability, declining equity markets and bond markets 
and an increase in corporate insolvencies. This may give rise to deterioration in the credit quality of the Group’s 
borrowers and counterparties and increased difficulties in relation to the recoverability of loans and other amounts 
due from such borrowers and counterparties, resulting in significant increases in the Group’s impaired loans and 
impairment loss allowances. Uncertainty in the global and Eurozone economies, including, as noted above, as a 
result of the Covid-19 pandemic and the UK's withdrawal from the EU, could result in downgrades and 
deterioration in the credit quality of the Group’s customer, sovereign and banking exposures. 
The Group’s level of non-performing exposures (“NPEs”) on loans and advances to customers remains 
elevated 
The proportion of the Group's loan portfolio which comprises NPEs is elevated and there can be no assurance 
that the Group will be able to continue reducing the level of its NPEs at the current rate. As at 30 June 2021, the

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
Group had recognised impairment loss allowances of €2.1 billion and had NPEs of €4.4 billion. The Group’s loan 
portfolio may be adversely impacted by the adverse economic impacts of the Covid-19 pandemic which may 
increase the proportion of the Group's loan portfolio designated as NPEs.  Furthermore, the Group’s ability to 
reduce the level of its NPEs is dependent on its ability to restructure and/or rehabilitate these loans in addition to 
its early engagement activities for early arrears cases or loans experiencing potential financial distress. The 
willingness and ability of delinquent or defaulting borrowers to agree to a voluntary restructuring of their loans is 
materially dependent on the stability of the global economy, particularly the Irish economy and the real estate 
market, and an effective and efficient regulatory insolvency and foreclosure process in Ireland (e.g. requirements 
of the Code of Conduct on Mortgage Arrears (the “CCMA”), insolvency legislation, court processes and 
bankruptcy proceedings, none of which are factors within the Group’s control). 
While any sale of NPEs or portfolios of NPEs by the Group would reduce the level of its NPEs and release 
the provisions held against them, the sale could result in a loss being recorded, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s income for the relevant financial period and the Group’s capital position in the longer term. 
In the 2018 Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”) letter, the ECB advised the Group of its 
supervisory expectations in respect of the Group’s NPE stock at March 2018 and the minimum coverage levels 
(by way of additional provisioning or capital allocation), increasing on a straight line basis to 100 per cent. by 
December 2025. The Group is also subject to similar requirements in respect of its newly-emerged NPE stock 
from 2018 onwards. The ECB and other regulatory authorities may introduce new and/or additional requirements 
in relation to how the Group deals with its NPEs in the future. 
Any change to the way in which the Group manages NPEs as a result of the Group’s compliance with 
regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and/or prospects.  
The Group is subject to regulatory regimes which may require that it holds or raises additional capital and/or 
eligible liabilities or result in increased costs 
As a financial institution, the Group is regulated by a number of authorities, principally Irish, EU and UK 
regulators. The regulatory regimes to which the Group is subject continue to evolve and the ability of the Group 
to comply with applicable regulatory regimes is critical to its ability to implement its business plans. For a more 
detailed discussion of applicable regulation affecting the Group, please see the section of this Prospectus entitled 
"Regulation". 
Regulatory capital requirements 
As of November 2014, the Group came under the supervision of the Single Supervisory Mechanism (the 
“SSM”) established pursuant to the Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 conferring 
specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions (the 
“SSM Regulation”). Accordingly, the Group’s compliance with the prudential requirements of regulatory 
developments, including the Capital Requirements Directive IV (Directive 2013/36/EU) (“CRD IV”), the Capital 
Requirements Directive V (Directive 2019/878/EU) (“CRD V”), the Capital Requirements Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013) (“CRR”) and the Capital Requirements Regulation II (Regulation (EU) No. 
2019/876) (CRR II”), the European Union (Capital Requirements) Regulations 2014 and the European Union 
(Capital Requirements No. 2) Regulations 2014, which implement the CRD IV in Ireland (together, the “CRD 
Regulations”), is significantly dependent on the SSM’s interpretation and decisions in relation to these 
requirements following its periodic inspections of the Group within the scope of the SSM Regulation. As such, 
there is a risk that Group’s ability to do business may be constrained should the SSM’s interpretation of its capital 
requirements be more restrictive than the Group had anticipated. 
Following the assumption by the ECB of its supervisory responsibilities under the SSM, the ECB has been 
concerned with the implementation of a more demanding and restrictive regulatory framework with respect to, 
amongst other things, capital ratios, leverage, liquidity and disclosure requirements which, notwithstanding the 
benefit to the financial system, will imply additional costs for the Group and other financial institutions, potentially 
affecting the Group’s ability to lend to customers and generate profits. 
MREL requirements 
To support the effectiveness of bail-in and other resolution tools, Article 130(1) of the Directive 2014/59/EU 
(the “BRRD”) (as subsequently amended by Directive 2019/879EU (“BRRD II”)) required that from 1 January 
2016 Member States apply the BRRD’s provisions requiring EU credit institutions and certain investment firms 
(collectively, “BRRD Institutions”) to maintain minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
(“MREL”), subject to the provisions of the MREL regulatory technical standards.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
The MREL requirements imposed on the Group may be subject to ongoing review and could change 
materially requiring the Group to raise additional funds in order to meet its obligations. In addition, the cost of 
such funding could be higher than that which the Group might otherwise have incurred in circumstances where it 
was not subject to the relevant MREL requirements. The MREL requirements could have an impact on the 
Group’s operations, structure, costs and/or capital/funding requirements. Furthermore, any disruption to or 
volatility in capital markets caused by macroeconomic events could make it more difficult and costly for the 
Group to raise the required MREL. 
Introduction of new risk-weight floors 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “BCBS”) finalised the Basel III 
framework which focuses on reducing variation in the calculation of risk-weighted assets (“RWAs”) regardless 
of whether standardised approaches or internal models are used. The full impact on the industry of these rules is 
still to be determined as the rules are yet to be implemented in Europe. The principal elements of the proposal 
include a capital floor equivalent to 72.5 per cent. of the RWA requirements under the standardised approach, to 
be implemented over a phased-in period of five years commencing from January 2022. However, in light of Covid-
19, the BCBS has deferred the implementation by one year to January 2023, with the accompanying transitional 
arrangements also extended by one year to January 2028. When calculating the floor, institutions will be required 
to calculate standardised requirements for different risk classes, including inter alia credit risk, counterparty credit 
risk, market risk and operational risk. Additionally, institutions will be required to disclose a comparison between 
the RWA requirement based on internal approaches and that under a standardised approach. The cost of complying 
with any new standardised approach and ancillary matters could have an impact on the Group's operations, 
structure, costs and/or capital /funding requirements. 
Risk associated with failure to comply with capital adequacy requirements 
Capital adequacy and its effective management are critical to the Group’s ability to operate its businesses 
and to pursue its strategy. The Group’s business and financial condition would be affected if the Group was 
insufficiently capitalised. This could be caused by a materially worse than expected financial performance 
(including, for example, reductions in earnings as a result of impairment charges, or an unexpected change in 
interest rates, or unexpected increases in RWAs).  
In addition, if the requirements or interpretations of regulatory authorities applicable to the Group are more 
stringent than, or otherwise diverge from, those applying to other Irish or other financial institutions, this could 
result in a competitive disadvantage for the Group relative to such other financial institutions, and may result in 
adverse investor reaction and increased costs for the Group. 
If the Group fails to meet its prudential requirements (including capital, liquidity and MREL requirements) 
in full, or to exceed its minimum requirements by a margin which the Group’s regulators or the markets consider 
satisfactory, or if there is any market perception that such a failure has occurred or may occur, or if the Group 
underperforms or is perceived to have underperformed in any EBA stress testing exercise or similar exercise 
conducted in respect of the Group, this could materially adversely affect the Group’s ability to conduct its business 
and may result in an increase in the Group’s cost of funding, a requirement to raise additional capital, liquidity 
and/or MREL resources and/or other regulatory actions, including (but not limited to) increasing retained earnings, 
suspending dividends (which is, as at the date of the Prospectus, a requirement for all banks under the SSM’s 
Dividend Distribution Recommendations ECB/2020/35 and will expire on 30 September 2021) and other 
discretionary payments, public censure or the imposition of sanctions. These factors may affect the Group’s 
capacity to continue its business operations, generate a return on capital, pay future dividends or pursue 
acquisitions or other strategic opportunities, impacting future growth potential.  
The Group is exposed to risks in relation to compliance with anti-corruption laws, anti-money laundering laws, 
laws to prevent the financing of terrorism and the imposition of economic sanctions programmes against 
certain countries, citizens and entities 
The Group is required to comply with the laws and regulations of various jurisdictions where it conducts 
operations. In particular, the Group’s operations are subject to various anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and 
terrorism financing laws, including the key principles of the UK Bribery Act of 2010 as part of the Group’s Anti-
Bribery Policy Standard, and economic sanction programmes, including those administered by the United Nations 
and the EU, as well as those of the United States Department of Treasury’s Office for Foreign Assets Control. 
Failure to comply with financial sanctions legislation or to seek to circumvent its provisions or failure by the 
Group to adopt policies and procedures to be followed by persons involved in the conduct of its business, and that 
specify the Group’s obligations in respect of the assessment and management of sanctions risk are criminal 
offences punishable upon conviction by monetary fines or terms of imprisonment or both. In addition, any failure

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
of the Group’s sanctions policies and procedures could lead to non-compliance with such sanctions and damage 
to the Group’s reputation. 
Although the Group has internal policies and procedures and several monitoring measures designed to ensure 
compliance with applicable anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and terrorism financing laws, and sanctions 
regulations, these policies and procedures cannot provide complete assurance that the Group’s employees, 
directors, officers, partners, agents, service providers or introducers will not take actions in violation of its policies 
and procedures (or otherwise in violation of the relevant anti-corruption laws, and sanctions regulations) for which 
the Group or they may be ultimately held responsible. Litigation or investigations relating to alleged or suspected 
violations of anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and terrorism financing laws, and sanctions regulations could 
lead to financial penalties being imposed on the Group, limits being placed on the Group’s activities, the Group’s 
authorisations and licences being revoked, damage to the Group’s reputation and other consequences that could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
Further, violations of anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and terrorism financing laws, and sanctions 
regulations could be costly. 
In recent years, enforcement of these laws and regulations against financial institutions in Ireland and the 
UK has become more stringent and proactive, (for example, resulting in several landmark fines against Irish and 
UK financial institutions). Financial crime and anti-money laundering remains a key priority for regulators. The 
Central Bank has also focused on anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism and financial 
compliance in the Irish financial services sector. 
Failure by the Group to comply with all of the regulatory and legislative requirements in relation to anti-
corruption, anti-money laundering, the financing of terrorism and/or sanction programmes in each of the 
jurisdictions in which it operates could have a material adverse effect on the Group, including its business, results 
of operations, financial condition and/or prospects (including receipt of dividends, distributions, loans or advances 
by the Group from its subsidiaries), the imposition of a regulatory fine or other sanction, conviction of the directors 
and/or damage to the Group’s reputation, all of which may negatively impact the Group’s ability to meet its 
obligations under the Notes.  
The Group is exposed to conduct and regulatory risk in the execution of the Group’s activities and processes 
Conduct and regulatory risk is the risk that the Group, and/or its staff, conduct business in an inappropriate 
or negligent manner that leads to adverse customer outcomes. It is also the risk of the failure to meet new or 
existing regulatory and/or legislative requirements and deadlines or to embed requirements into processes. 
Conduct and regulatory risk management is about ensuring that business units are provided with the tools they 
need to enable them to take a customer-focussed approach to managing their business. BOIG is a non-operating 
holding company and is the ultimate parent of the Group, and is consequently exposed to conduct and regulatory 
risk within the Group. 
Conduct and regulatory risk is one of the Group’s key risks.  To support the management of conduct and 
regulatory risk the Conduct and Regulatory Risk Management Framework has been developed by the Central 
Compliance team in Group Compliance. 
The Group is nonetheless exposed to conduct and regulatory risk as a direct and indirect consequence of its 
normal business activities. These risks may materialise in the day-to-day execution of business processes, 
provision of sales and services, management of key stakeholder expectations and the various activities performed 
by staff, contractors and third party suppliers. 
Negative public, industry, government or other key external stakeholder opinion can result from the actual 
or perceived manner in which the Group conducts its business activities or from actual or perceived practices in 
the banking and financial industry. Such negative opinions may adversely affect the Group’s ability to keep and 
attract customers which in turn may adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and/or prospects. While the Group has a code of conduct in place which sets out the standards expected 
of all Directors, officers and employees of the Group, in addition to Conduct Risk Policy, Policy Standards and 
Frameworks, the Group may not be successful in avoiding damage to its business from conduct risk. 
Failure to adequately address conduct and regulatory risk in a timely manner, or at all, could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects and, in 
particular, each of the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
Downgrades to the Irish sovereign’s credit ratings, BOI’s credit ratings or BOIG’s credit ratings or their 
outlooks could impair the Group’s access to private sector funding, trigger additional collateral requirements 
and weaken its financial position. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the long-term / short-term sovereign credit ratings for Ireland were: “AA- 
(Stable)” / “A-1+” from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”); “A2 (Positive)” / “P-1” from Moody’s 
France S.A.S; “A+ (Stable)” / “F1+” from Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”); “A+ (Stable)” / “a-1” from 
Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (“R&I”); “AA- (Stable)” / “K1+” from KBRA (Source: National 
Treasury Management Agency website); and “A (high) (Positive trend)” / “R-1 (middle)” from DBRS, Inc. 
(Source: DBRS Morningstar website). S&P, Moody’s France S.A.S. and Fitch are established in the EU and are 
registered under the CRA Regulation. Moody’s (as defined below) is established in the United Kingdom and is 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”).  DBRS, Inc. and R&I are not established in the EU and are not registered under the 
CRA Regulation.  
In general, European regulated investors may use credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA only if 
they are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation (or are endorsed and published or distributed by subscription by such a credit rating agency in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation). Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the 
UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
As at the date of this Prospectus: 
• 
the long-term / short-term senior unsecured credit ratings for BOI were: “A- (Negative)” / “A-2” 
from S&P; “A2 (Stable)” / “Prime-1” from Moody’s Investors Services Limited (“Moody’s”); and 
“BBB+ (Negative)” / “F2” from Fitch; and 
• 
the long-term / short-term senior unsecured credit ratings for BOIG were: “BBB- (Negative)” / “A-
3” from S&P; “Baa1 (Stable)” from Moody’s; and “BBB (Negative)” / “F2” from Fitch. 
The rating issued by Moody’s has been endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by each of S&P and Fitch have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited and Fitch Ratings Limited, respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  
Downgrades of the Irish sovereign credit ratings could negatively impact access to market funding for the 
Irish State and may impact the Group’s access to private sector funding, trigger additional collateral requirements 
and weaken the financial position of the Group. Downgrades could also adversely impact the funding received 
from Irish Government bonds used as collateral for the purposes of accessing the liquidity provision operations 
offered by monetary authorities (the “Monetary Authorities”) or secured borrowing from wholesale markets and 
the value of Irish Government bonds held by the Group’s life assurance business to meet its liabilities. 
The Group’s credit ratings are subject to change and could be downgraded as a result of many factors, 
including a reduction in the Group’s credit strength and the credit strength of the Group’s collateral, the adverse 
economic effects of the Covid-19 pandemic, or the failure of the Group to implement its strategies successfully. 
Downgrades in the credit ratings of the Group could have a negative impact on the volume and pricing of its 
private sector funding and its financial position, restrict the Group’s access to the capital and wholesale funding 
markets, trigger material collateral requirements or associated obligations in other secured funding arrangements 
or derivative contracts, make ineligible or lower the liquidity value of pledged securities and weaken the Group’s 
competitive position in certain markets. In addition, downgrades in the credit rating of the Group may have an 
adverse effect on the Group’s ability to hedge its foreign currency and other market risk exposures and to manage 
its Euro and non-Euro liquidity reserves. The availability of deposits is often dependent on credit ratings and 
downgrades for the Group could lead to withdrawals of retail deposits and/or corporate deposits which could result 
in deterioration in the Group’s funding and liquidity position. If any of the above was to happen, it could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects and on 
its liquidity and funding. This would further limit its access to funding and could further materially affect the 
Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects, and could prevent the Group meeting 
its minimum funding requirements.  
The Group routinely transacts with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and 
dealers, commercial banks, investment banks and other institutional clients. Sovereign credit pressures may weigh 
on Irish financial institutions, limiting their funding operations and weakening their capital adequacy by reducing 
the market value of their sovereign and other fixed income holdings. These liquidity and capital concerns could 
adversely affect inter-institutional financial transactions.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
Lack of liquidity to fund the Group’s business activities could have an adverse impact 
The Group strategy is to be a substantially customer deposit funded bank and to focus on maintaining stable 
relationship based deposits through its retail distribution network in Ireland and its strategic partnerships in the 
UK with its loan portfolios funded by retail customer deposits and any residual funding requirement principally 
met through term wholesale funding and equity.   
Any increases in the cost of such funding would adversely affect the Group’s margins and results of 
operations, and a lack of, or decrease in, the availability of such retail and corporate deposit funding could restrict 
the Group’s ability to fund its balance sheet and could constrain new lending which could in turn negatively impact 
the Group’s future growth. 
Furthermore, any factors which result in significant withdrawals of deposits, such as the adverse economic 
effects of the Covid-19 pandemic, the impact of negative interest rates on deposit volumes (which has already 
resulted in some deposit volume attrition to date) and/or a serious loss of confidence by retail depositors would 
have a significant impact on the Group’s liquidity position. This could lead to the imposition of administrative 
actions or sanctions against the Group by its regulators and in an extreme scenario lead to a suspension or 
revocation of the Group’s banking licence and could otherwise adversely impact the Group's ability to fund its 
business. See the risk factors entitled “The Covid-19 pandemic continues to impact the global, Irish and UK 
economies” and “The Covid-19 pandemic continues to impact the Group” above. 
The Group defines wholesale funding as unsecured interbank borrowings, senior unsecured debt securities 
issued, secured wholesale market borrowings, the proceeds of securitisations and funding from the Monetary 
Authorities.  
The Group’s use of wholesale funding was €20.4 billion as at 30 June 2021 representing 18 per cent. of its 
funding base. Notwithstanding the relatively low quantum of wholesale funding required by the Group, if 
wholesale markets remained closed for an extended or prolonged period, or if there was a significant reduction in 
investor demand for the Group’s wholesale funding issuance, or a significant increase on the acquisition cost of 
wholesale funding, this may have an adverse impact on the liquidity and profit and loss position of the Group and 
may result in reliance by the Group on funding from Monetary Authorities. See the risk factors entitled “The 
Covid-19 pandemic continues to impact the global, Irish and UK economies” and “The Covid-19 pandemic 
continues to impact the Group” above. 
In the Eurozone, the ECB and the national central banks have adopted monetary easing policies and, 
consequently, made available unconventional monetary policy tools such as Targeted Longer-Term Refinancing 
Operations, and asset purchase programmes. Further, they introduced a tiered interest rate system to mitigate the 
negative impact of low yields on the financial sector. Financial institutions in the Eurozone, including the Group, 
utilise these programmes and, given the interdependence between financial institutions in the Eurozone, the 
cessation of these programmes and of any other accommodative monetary policies could have a material adverse 
effect on the financial condition of these financial institutions, including the Group, and any deterioration, or 
perceived deterioration, in these financial institutions could also result in an adverse effect on the Group in terms 
of its perception, business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. There can be no assurance 
that the ECB or the national central banks will continue to adopt accommodative monetary policies or that the 
employment of these policies will be sufficient to address the fiscal risks which remain. 
The Group must comply with the regulatory liquidity requirements of the SSM and the requirements of local 
regulators in those jurisdictions where such requirements apply to the Group. 
SSM requirements include compliance with CRD IV and CRD V (as defined under “Regulatory capital 
requirements” above) which is intended to be a comprehensive set of measures to strengthen the regulation, 
supervision and risk management of the banking sector.  
Relevant supervisory authorities may determine additional liquidity requirements specific to the Group (such 
specific additional liquidity or capital requirements are commonly referred to as “Pillar 2” add-ons). Compliance 
with these requirements can be impacted by a range of factors, including the stability of customer deposits, the 
split between unsecured and secured funding, and the mix of liquidity facilities provided by Monetary Authorities 
and the concentration of wholesale funding maturity, and may be subject to change in the future. Failure to comply 
with these liquidity requirements could result in regulatory sanctions and adversely impact the Group’s reputation 
and prospects. 
The Group is subject to the emerging risks associated with climate change 
The physical and transition risks of climate change are a developing and growing agenda item for financial 
institutions globally and an increasing focus for key stakeholders including investors and customers. Climate

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
change, and businesses' response to the emerging threats, are under increasing scrutiny by governments, regulators 
and the public alike. These include sooner than anticipated physical risks resulting from changing climate and 
weather patterns and extreme weather-related events, where the Group, its customer base and the wider economy 
could be impacted by changes in asset prices disruption of business activity, as well as transition risks resulting 
from the process of adjustment towards a lower carbon economy, where the Group and its customer base could 
be impacted by a range of factors such as changes to consumer behaviour and environmental legislation. There is 
uncertainty in the scale and timing of technology, commercial and regulatory changes associated with the 
transition to a low carbon economy. In particular, governments and regulators may introduce increasingly 
stringent rules and policies designed to achieve targeted outcomes, which could increase compliance costs and 
reduce credit quality for the Group if the Group is unable to adapt sufficiently quickly. How the Group assesses 
and responds to these developments and challenges could increase its costs of business and reduce asset quality, 
and a failure to identify and adapt its business to meet new rules or evolving expectations could have an adverse 
impact on the Group’s business, operations and assets. 
The Irish legislation and regulations in relation to mortgages, as well as judicial procedures for the 
enforcement of mortgages, the custom, practice and interpretation of such legislation, regulations and 
procedures, may result in higher levels of default by the Group’s customers, delays in the Group’s recoveries 
in its mortgage portfolio and increased impairments 
Legislative and regulatory requirements such as the Land and Conveyancing Law Reform (Amendment) Act 
2019, the Personal Insolvency Act 2012 (the “Personal Insolvency Act”) and the CCMA could result in delays 
in the Group’s recoveries in respect of its mortgage portfolio and increased impairments, which could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
Furthermore, in instances where the Group seeks to enforce security on commercial or residential property 
(in particular over a principal dwelling house (“PDH”)), the Group may encounter significant delays arising from 
judicial procedures, which often entail significant legal and other costs. Custom, practice and interpretation of 
Irish legislation, regulations and procedures may also contribute to delays or restrictions on the enforcement of 
security. The courts or legislature in Ireland may have particular regard to the interests and circumstances of 
borrowers in disputes relating to the enforcement of security referred to above or sale of their loans which is 
different to the custom and practice of courts in other jurisdictions. As a result of these factors, enforcement of 
security or recovery of delinquent loans in Ireland may be more difficult, take longer and involve higher costs for 
lenders as compared to other jurisdictions, or it may not be feasible for the Court to enforce security.  
As of August 2019, the Land and Conveyancing Law Reform (Amendment) Act 2019 (“LCRAA”) has 
come into force. The LCRAA adopts similar protective measures for home owners as proposed in the Keeping 
People in their Homes Bill 2017. As a result, the Group will have to meet an increased evidential burden in order 
to demonstrate why a court order for possession of a mortgaged property would be appropriate in light of the 
borrower’s personal circumstances. This could result in delays in the Group’s recoveries in respect of its mortgage 
portfolio and increased impairments. Legislation has also been introduced with regard to loans sold to third parties 
under the Consumer Protection (Regulation of Credit Servicing Firms) Act 2018, which regulates third party loan 
acquirers and their loan servicers and may give rise to further implications for future loan sales undertaken by the 
Group.  
The Irish Government may also seek to influence how credit institutions set interest rates on mortgages, may 
amend the Personal Insolvency Act to reduce the protections currently afforded to mortgage holders thereunder 
or may enact other legislation or introduce further regulation that affects the rights of lenders in other ways which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or 
prospects. Furthermore, the laws and regulations to which the Group is already subject could change as a result 
of changes in interpretation or practice by courts, regulators or other authorities.  
In common with other residential mortgage lenders, the Group faces increased supervisory engagement and 
focus by the Irish Government, the Oireachtas and regulators such as the Central Bank and the Competition and 
Consumer Protection Commission, on its loan book, in particular its residential mortgage book, with respect to 
such matters as the interest rates it charges on loans. This could result in increased regulation of the Group’s loan 
book which may impact the Group’s level of lending, interest income and net interest margin and/or increased 
operational costs.  
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
Changes to mortgage lending rules 
On 9 February 2015, the Central Bank introduced mortgage lending rules, under the Central Bank 
(Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 (Section 48) (Housing Loan Requirements) Regulations 2015 (the 
“Housing Loan Regulations 2015”), which include loan-to-value (“LTV”) rules which set a minimum deposit 
requirement for the purchase of property, and loan-to-income (“LTI”) rules which set a maximum mortgage value 
which could be borrowed, measured against the borrower’s gross salary. Specific LTV and LTI limits were 
introduced for purchasers of their principal dwelling houses including separate rules for first-time buyers, as well 
as those purchasing buy-to-let properties. These rules moderated residential property prices in Ireland and resulted 
in a reduction in mortgage lending following their introduction. These rules are subject to annual review by the 
Central Bank.  Any changes to LTV and/or LTI limits may result in further reductions in mortgage lending and 
could therefore have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition 
and/or prospects.  
The Group’s business and operations are subject to substantial regulation and supervision and can be 
negatively affected by its non-compliance with certain existing regulatory requirements and any adverse 
regulatory and governmental developments 
The Group conducts its businesses subject to ongoing regulation and associated regulatory risks, including 
the effects of changes in the laws, regulations, policies, voluntary codes of practice and interpretations. Future 
changes in laws, regulation or other policies are unpredictable and beyond the control of the Group and could 
materially adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
The Group’s operations are contingent upon licences issued by financial authorities in the countries in which 
the Group operates, including Ireland and the UK. Violations of rules and regulations, whether intentional or 
unintentional, may lead to the withdrawal of some of the Group’s licences, the imposition of constraints on its 
activities, or the imposition of financial or other penalties. The imposition of significant penalties or the revocation 
or variation of licences for members of the Group could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation, 
business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
Regulators and legislators have adopted a wide range of changes to the laws and regulations affecting financial 
institutions which are designed to address the perceived causes of the global and Eurozone financial crises and to 
limit systemic risks. The adoption of these new laws and regulations has had, and may in the future continue to 
have, a material impact on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
Increased regulatory intervention may lead to requests from regulators to carry out wide-ranging reviews. 
The Group is unable to predict what regulatory changes may be imposed in the future as a result of regulatory 
initiatives in the EU and elsewhere or by the ECB, the UK Prudential Regulation Authority (the “PRA”) and other 
supervisory authorities. If the Group is required to make additional provisions or to increase its reserves as a result 
of potential regulatory changes, or the approach adopted by the regulators of the markets in which the Group 
operates changes, this could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and/or prospects. 
The Group is subject to BRRD and SRR 
The BRRD, which establishes a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, has been implemented in Ireland by the European Union (Bank Recovery and Resolution) 
Regulations 2015 and 2019 and in the UK through amendments to the special resolution regime (“SRR”) 
established under the Banking Act 2009. See further “Description of BOIG and the Group - Regulation” below. 
Under the national implementation of the BRRD, competent authorities and resolution authorities are given 
broad powers with respect to such institutions. Credit institutions to which the BRRD applies that are subsidiaries 
of other credit institutions to which the BRRD applies, such as Bank of Ireland (UK) plc, may be subject to 
independent resolution action by their national resolution authorities in addition to (but generally in coordination 
with) action taken by the resolution authority supervising the parent entity. Any such measures, if used in respect 
of BOIG, BOI and/or any other member of the Group or any securities of any of the foregoing could have a 
material adverse effect on BOIG, BOI and/or any other member of the Group, including its shareholders and 
unsecured creditors (such as holders of Notes), and any market perception or expectation that any such measures 
may be used may also severely adversely affect the market price of any Notes. 
Personal Insolvency Legislation 
The Personal Insolvency Act 2012 created a regime in Ireland for voluntary negotiated debt resolution 
options as alternatives to bankruptcy and reduced the timescale for discharge from bankruptcy from twelve years

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
to three years. The bankruptcy term was further reduced from three years to one year under the Bankruptcy 
(Amendment) Act 2015. The Personal Insolvency (Amendment) Act 2015 (together with the Personal Insolvency 
Act, the "Personal Insolvency Acts") gave new powers to the Courts, in certain circumstances, to review and, 
where appropriate, approve insolvency proposals that have been rejected by a mortgage lender in relation to a 
principal private residence.  There is a risk that as a result of the Personal Insolvency Acts and amendments to 
them, borrowers’ behaviours may change regarding payment obligations which could have an adverse impact on 
the Group’s results, financial condition, reputation and/or other prospects. 
The Group is exposed to market risks such as changes in interest rates including the continuation of the 
exceptionally low interest rate environment for an extended period, interest rate spreads (or bases) and foreign 
exchange rates 
Market risk is the risk of loss arising from movements in interest rates, foreign exchange rates or other market 
prices. Market risk arises from the structure of the Group’s balance sheet, the Group’s business mix and the 
Group’s discretionary risk-taking. The Group recognises that the effective management of market risk is essential 
to the maintenance of stable earnings, the preservation of shareholder value and the achievement of the Group's 
strategic objectives. It is Group policy to minimise exposure to market risk, subject to pre-defined limits for 
discretionary risk. Nonetheless, certain structural market risks remain and, in some cases, are difficult to eliminate 
fully.  
Notwithstanding the overriding objective of running minimal levels of market risk, certain structural 
elements of interest rate risk in the banking book remain, notably, structural basis risk and the earnings risk that 
arises from the presence of non-interest bearing liabilities on the balance sheet. In addition, certain economic risks 
are inherent in the Group’s balance sheet, including funding of an element of the Group’s Sterling balance sheet 
from Euro, resulting in a structural currency mismatch exposure. While the Group employs a range of hedging 
and risk mitigation methods, the Group remains potentially exposed to adverse movements in interest rates, 
interest rate bases (the differential between variable interest rates), cross currency bases (primarily the cost of 
borrowing in Euro to fund assets in Sterling) and exchange rates. 
The continuance of an exceptionally low interest rate environment for an extended period into the future or 
a material further reduction in interest rates could adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and prospects 
through the compression of net interest margin, the low absolute level of yields at which certain liabilities are 
invested, together with the rate at which pension liabilities are discounted. In particular, such conditions may have 
a material adverse impact on the Group's Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) ratios, which may in turn constrain 
the Group’s ability to carry out its business. 
The Group’s operations have inherent reputational risk 
Reputational risk is the risk to earnings or franchise value arising from an adverse perception of the Group's 
image on the part of customers, suppliers, counterparties, shareholders, investors, staff, legislators, regulators, 
partners or the general public.  
Reputational risk arises as a direct or indirect consequence of the Group’s operations and business. 
Reputation is not a standalone risk but overlaps with other risk areas and may often arise as a consequence of 
external events or operational risk related issues.  
Reputational issues may arise, for example, as a result of:  
• 
breaching or facing allegations of having breached legal regulatory requirements: 
• 
failing to or facing allegations of having failed to maintain appropriate standards of customer privacy, 
data protection, customer service and/or conduct towards the customer; 
• 
technology failures that impact upon payment processing, customer services and/or customer accounts; 
• 
regulatory action and/or litigation; or 
• 
other specific events such as media speculation and/or political comment. 
A failure to address any such issues appropriately could impact the Group’s reputation with key stakeholders 
with impacts including but not limited to making customers, depositors, counterparties and investors unwilling to 
do business with the Group. This could adversely affect the Group by causing harm to earnings or franchise value.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
The Group is exposed to litigation and regulatory investigation risk 
The Group operates in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to potentially significant litigation 
and regulatory investigation and other risk. The Group is and may become involved in various disputes and legal 
proceedings, including litigation and regulatory investigations. Legal and regulatory actions which could give rise 
to such risks include actions under the Central Bank of Ireland’s Administrative Sanctions Procedure, or in respect 
of competition law or data protection legislation including the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679. 
The Group participated fully in the tracker mortgage examination initiated officially in Ireland in December 
2015 by the Central Bank (the “Tracker Review”). The Group undertook the review required under the Tracker 
Review and provided the requisite report to the Central Bank on 30 September 2016. The Central Bank published 
its final report on the Tracker Review on 16 July 2019 and confirmed that the supervisory phase of the Tracker 
Review has now closed, but the Central Bank is continuing its ongoing enforcement investigations in relation to 
tracker mortgage related issues. 
As announced by the Central Bank in its update on the Tracker Review for April 2018, enforcement 
investigations under the Central Bank’s administrative sanctions regime commenced against six lenders, including 
the Group, in relation to tracker mortgage related issues. The Group is cooperating fully with the Central Bank in 
relation to the enforcement investigations, however, the timing and nature of the ultimate conclusion of these 
matters and the potential implications for the Group’s business are as yet unknown and could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects.  
Disputes, legal proceedings, regulatory investigations and administrative sanctions proceedings are subject 
to many uncertainties, and their outcomes are often difficult to predict. Any such disputes, proceedings and/or 
investigations can have adverse effects on the Group, including negative publicity, loss of revenue, litigation, 
fines, higher scrutiny and/or intervention from regulators, regulatory or legislative action, and loss of existing or 
potential client business which in turn could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and/or prospects. 
Changes in taxation rates, legislation or practice may lead to adverse consequences for the Group 
The Group is subject to various tax rates in various jurisdictions computed in accordance with local 
legislation and practice. There is a risk that such tax rates, legislation and practice may change, which could 
adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects of the Group. 
Changes in Irish or UK taxation may arise from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development (“OECD”) Base Erosion and Profits Shifting (“BEPS”) project and the EU Anti-Tax Avoidance 
Directives (“ATAD1” and “ATAD2”). The detail of these changes is not yet clear in all cases and there remains 
potential for them to have an adverse impact on the Group's financial position. 
There is also a risk associated with possible misinterpretation of tax laws. This could result in an increase in 
tax charges or the creation of additional tax liabilities. Failure to manage the risks associated with changes in the 
taxation rates or law, or misinterpretation of the law, could materially adversely affect the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. The Group is also exposed to the risk that tax authorities 
may take a different view to the Group on the treatment of certain items, which could result in unexpected charges 
arising for the Group.  
In accordance with applicable accounting rules, the Group has recognised deferred tax assets on losses 
available to relieve future profits to the extent that it is probable that such losses will be utilised. The assets are 
quantified on the basis of current tax legislation and are subject to change in respect of the tax rate or the rules for 
computing taxable profits and allowable losses. A failure to generate sufficient future taxable profits or changes 
in tax legislation may reduce significantly the recoverable amount of the deferred tax assets currently recognised 
in the financial statements. 
The Finance Act (No 2) 2013 introduced a bank levy on certain financial institutions, including the Group. 
An income statement charge is recognised annually on the date on which all of the criteria set out in the legislation 
are met. The Finance Act 2020, enacted in December 2020, revised the basis on which the levy would be calculated 
for 2021. The revised levy equates to a specific percentage of each financial institution's Deposit Interest Retention 
Tax (“DIRT”) payments in a particular year.  The revised levy for 2021 equals 308 per cent of the DIRT payments 
made in 2019. The annual levy that will be paid by the Group by 20 October 2021 is €25 million (October 2020: 
€35 million). 
In the UK, a bank levy was introduced with effect from 1 January 2011 for all UK banks, building societies 
and foreign banks operating in the UK through a subsidiary, including Bank of Ireland's subsidiaries. The levy is 
charged at different rates on the short-term chargeable liabilities and long-term chargeable equity and liabilities

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
as reported in the relevant balance sheet at the end of the chargeable period. In 2017, further changes to the UK 
bank levy were announced, to take effect from 1 January 2021. Broadly this will result in the overseas activities 
of UK headquartered banks no longer being subject to the UK bank levy. The levy is payable with corporation 
tax in quarterly instalment payments. Any increase or amendment to the method of calculation of the bank levies 
(as referred to above), if implemented, may adversely impact the business, results of operations, financial 
condition and/or prospects of the Group. 
The Group relies on recruiting, retaining and developing appropriate senior management and skilled personnel 
and the restrictions imposed on remuneration by government, tax or regulatory authorities or other factors 
outside the Group’s control may adversely impact the Group’s ability to attract and retain such personnel 
The Group is currently operating under a number of significant Remuneration Restrictions to which all 
directors, senior management, employees and certain service providers across the Group are subject. The 
Remuneration Restrictions place the Group at an increasing and material competitive disadvantage in seeking to 
retain and attract staff, particularly those with certain skill sets and in international locations. 
The Remuneration Restrictions were contained within the Covered Institutions Financial Support Scheme 
2008 and the ‘Minister’s Letter’ (July 2011), under which the Group gave a number of commitments and 
undertakings to the Minister for Finance in respect of remuneration practices. The Minister’s Letter was a further 
condition of the Transaction and Underwriting Agreement entered into with the Irish Government (July 2011) 
during the 2011 recapitalisation of the Group.  
As a result of the Remuneration Restrictions, the Group is currently unable to provide a fixed/variable 
remuneration mix, which results in risks in terms of attraction, retention and alignment with the needs of the 
business and some restrictions on the application of discretion and inflexibilities with the cost base. If the Group 
fails to recruit and retain skilled and qualified people, its businesses may be negatively impacted. The Group 
considers itself to be in compliance with the Remuneration Restrictions. 
In addition, even in the absence of the Remuneration Restrictions, the excess bank remuneration charge on 
Republic of Ireland tax residents in covered institutions, where variable pay exceeds €20,000 per annum, impacts 
the application of the Group Remuneration Policy. 
A potential outcome of the UK’s withdrawal from the EU could be a material inflow of foreign institutions 
into Ireland which may impose stress on the Group’s ability to retain key members of its management team and 
skilled personnel. 
The Group’s ability to recruit, attract and retain skilled and qualified people could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
A deterioration in employee relations could adversely affect the Group 
A significant number of the Group’s employees are members of trade unions. The Group currently consults 
and negotiates with its employees and their representatives regarding pay, pensions, work practices, organisational 
change, and terms and conditions of employment. The Group recognises that challenges may arise in relation to 
pay, pensions and terms and conditions of employment which may need to be resolved through established 
industrial relations fora. In the event that the Group becomes subject to industrial action or other labour conflicts, 
including strikes or other forms of industrial actions, this may result in a disruption to the Group’s business and 
may adversely affect the business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects of the Group. 
Changes in financial reporting standards or policies could materially adversely affect the Group’s reported 
results of operations and financial condition and may have a material adverse effect on capital ratios 
The Group prepares its financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(“IFRS”) as adopted by the EU and with those parts of the Companies Act 2014 (the “Companies Act”) 
applicable to companies reporting under IFRS and with the European Union (Credit Institution: Financial 
Statements) Regulations, 2015 and, accordingly, from time to time the Group is required to adopt new or revised 
accounting standards as adopted by the EU.  
IFRS 17 ‘Insurance Contracts’ has an effective date for financial periods beginning on or after 1 January 
2023, with early application permitted. The standard is subject to endorsement by the EU.  IFRS 17 establishes 
the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosures of insurance contract liabilities, 
ensuring an entity provides relevant information that faithfully represents those contracts.   
The Group’s IFRS 17 implementation programme has focused on interpreting the requirements of the 
standard and developing systems and data requirements to enable IFRS 17 readiness. Development of

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
methodologies and accounting policies is well progressed, supported by appropriate external advisors. The work 
required to scope and assess changes required to the reporting data, administration and other systems is broadly 
complete and the build phase of the development is underway. The Group is not yet in a position to reasonably 
estimate the impact of IFRS 17 on the Group’s financial statements, however the Group expects that IFRS 17 is 
likely to have a material impact on the recognition, measurement and presentation of the insurance business in the 
Group’s financial statements.  
The implementation of this and/or any other new or amended accounting standards, policies or practices 
could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects 
and may have a corresponding adverse effect on its capital ratios. 
The Group’s life assurance business is subject to inherent insurance risks, as well as market conditions 
generally 
The Group's life assurance business is operated through New Ireland Assurance Company plc (“NIAC”), an 
independent regulated subsidiary of the Issuer, which distributes protection, investment and pension products 
through independent brokers and the Group's distribution channels, including Private Banking as a tied agent of 
NIAC. 
Life insurance risk is the potential volatility in the amount and timing of insurance claims caused by 
unexpected changes in mortality, longevity and morbidity. Mortality risk is the risk of deviations in timing and 
amounts of cash flows due to the incidence of death claims. Longevity risk is the risk of such deviations due to 
increasing life expectancy trends among policy holders and pensioners, resulting in pay-out ratios higher than 
originally expected. Morbidity risk is the risk of deviations in timing and amount of claims by policy holders due 
to the incidence of disability and sickness.  
The Group’s life assurance business is also subject to persistency risk which is the risk that policyholders 
may not continue with their policy, or may do so at a reduced level of premium, in which case a lower future 
income stream than envisaged is received from the provision of insurance services at the inception of the contract. 
Insurance claims are subject to unpredictable events and the actual number and amount of claims and benefits 
will vary from year to year from the estimate established using actuarial and statistical techniques. 
The Group’s life assurance business is further subject to risks relating to the volatility in the value of the 
underlying assets held to meet its liabilities. The risks associated with the Group’s life assurance business could 
have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects of the 
Group. 
Risks in relation to Technology 
Rapidly shifting consumer behaviours and the proliferation of internet, social and device (mobile, tablet, 
wearable) technologies are changing the way customers research, purchase and maintain the products and services 
they consume in their day to day lives, and this is reflected in the evolving banking models for consumers and 
businesses, both in Ireland and internationally. These developments affect the manner in which customers manage 
their financial affairs and core products (from operating accounts to deposits to credit facilities and wealth 
management instruments). 
Money transmission and data driven integrated services are also expected to evolve rapidly in the coming 
years with numerous new players entering the payments environment, facilitated by regulatory and market forces 
such as the revised Payment Services Directive (EU) 2015/2366 (“PSD2”) which aims to reduce fraud while 
opening up payment markets to new entrants. The deadline for compliance with the Regulatory Technical 
Standards including Strong Customer Authentication for electronic commerce card-based payment transactions 
under the PSD2 Directive was 31 December 2020.  
Analytically driven and customer focussed new entrants are changing the way financial services companies 
are approaching their routes to market, service and fulfilment value chains, operating models and core 
competencies so that they remain relevant and compete in the newly consumerised and digital arena. 
An inability of the Group to respond to external developments in a timely manner or any rigidity in the 
Group’s operating model preventing an appropriate response could lead to a deterioration in the Group’s results, 
financial conditions and prospects.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
Risks in relation to Irish Government Shareholding 
The Irish Government, through the Ireland Strategic Investment Fund (the “ISIF”), holds a circa 12 per cent 
discretionary shareholding in BOIG, and through the Relationship Framework dated 30 March 2012 between the 
Minister for Finance and Bank of Ireland (the “Relationship Framework”), could exert a significant level of 
influence over the Group. In March 2017, as part of the corporate reorganisation of the Group, BOIG plc agreed 
to be bound by and comply with certain provisions of the Relationship Framework in relation to the Ministerial 
consent, consultation process and the Group's business plan. The ISIF could exercise its voting rights in respect 
of its holding of ordinary shares in BOIG plc in a manner which is not aligned with the interests of the Group or 
its other shareholders. The Group has also given certain undertakings to the Minister for Finance (the 
“Undertakings”) in respect of its lending, corporate governance and remuneration. Actions on foot of the ISIF 
investment and the Undertakings could require the Group to implement operational policies that could adversely 
affect the Group’s results, financial condition and prospects. 
FACTORS WHICH MAY BE RELEVANT DEPENDING ON WHETHER BOI OR BOIG IS THE 
RELEVANT ISSUER OF NOTES 
Notes issued by BOIG will be obligations exclusively of BOIG and BOIG’s ability to make payments to the 
holders of the Notes depends largely upon the receipt of dividends, distributions, interest or advances from its 
wholly or partially owned subsidiaries 
Notes issued by BOIG will be obligations exclusively of BOIG. BOIG is a non-operating holding company 
and conducts substantially all of its operations through its direct subsidiary, BOI, and other members of the BOI 
Group. BOIG’s subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities, and have no obligation to pay any amounts 
due to holders of Notes from BOIG or to provide BOIG with funds to meet any of its payment obligations. BOIG’s 
ability to make payments to the holders of the Notes depends largely upon the receipt of dividends, distributions, 
loans or advances from its subsidiaries. The ability of those subsidiaries to pay dividends, distributions, loans or 
advances may be subject to applicable laws. 
Notes issued by BOIG will be structurally subordinated to Notes issued by BOI 
BOIG owns 100 per cent. of the ordinary stock in BOI. All of BOIG’s trading activities are operated through 
BOI and BOI’s subsidiaries. Accordingly, BOIG relies largely upon the receipt of dividends and other 
distributions from BOI. If BOI were to be wound up, the assets of BOI would be applied first in meeting the costs 
of the winding up and its liabilities to all creditors (including all subordinated creditors) of BOI (including holders 
(which term could include BOIG as a holder of Notes issued by BOI on an intra-group basis) of any Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Dated Subordinated Notes issued by BOI), and only if there were 
any surplus assets remaining once all such costs and creditors have been paid in full would BOIG be entitled to 
receive such surplus assets in its capacity as shareholder. In the event of an insolvent winding up of BOI, there 
would be no surplus assets available to BOIG.  
Accordingly, the claims of investors in BOIG (including holders of Notes issued by BOIG) are effectively 
subordinated to the claims of investors in BOI (including holders of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes issued by BOI). This may also impact the relative market price, liquidity 
and/or volatility of Notes issued by BOIG and those issued by BOI. 
The credit ratings assigned by certain rating agencies to BOIG and/or any Notes issued by BOIG are or are 
expected to be (as the case may be) lower than the credit ratings assigned to BOI and/or certain Notes issued 
by BOI 
The credit ratings assigned by certain rating agencies to BOIG and/or any Notes issued by BOIG are or are 
expected to be (as the case may be) lower than the credit ratings assigned to BOI and/or certain Notes issued by 
BOI. A lower credit rating generally reflects the view of the assigning rating agency that an investment in the 
relevant entity or the relevant securities carries greater risk. An investment carrying greater risk may bear interest 
at a higher rate than investments which are, or are perceived to be, less risky, but there may be an increased risk 
that such investment will not perform or be repaid. There may also be increased volatility or reduced liquidity in 
any secondary market for higher-risk investments, and the market price of investments may reflect the actual or 
perceived difference in risk. See further “Downgrades to the Irish sovereign’s credit ratings, BOI’s credit ratings 
or BOIG’s credit ratings or their outlooks could impair the Group’s access to private sector funding, trigger 
additional collateral requirements and weaken its financial position” above.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
Senior Preferred Notes issued by BOIG may be more susceptible to bail-in, write-down or conversion to equity 
under BRRD than Senior Preferred Notes issued by BOI 
As further described under “The European Union adopted a bank recovery and resolution directive which 
is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions, investment firms, certain 
financial institutions and certain holding companies (each a “relevant entity”) considered to be at risk of failing” 
below, resolution authorities have very broad powers to rescue or resolve failing or likely to fail banks and related 
institutions, such as BOIG and BOI.  These powers include, amongst other things, the power to write down 
(including to nil), or convert to equity, the claims of creditors in respect of certain debts owed by the relevant 
entity.  
These powers give the resolution authorities the power to write down or convert to equity claims in respect 
of Notes issued by BOIG and BOI. 
As further described under “The Group is subject to regulatory regimes which may require that it holds or 
raises additional capital and/or eligible liabilities or result in increased costs” above, the BRRD has introduced 
the MREL regime. The primary purpose of MREL is to be available to the resolution authorities, when 
implementing their powers under BRRD, to write-down or convert to equity in order to absorb losses or 
recapitalise institutions before any losses are borne by depositors or other ordinary unsecured and unsubordinated 
creditors of an operating bank.  
Given that, as described above under “Notes issued by BOIG will be structurally subordinated to Notes 
issued by BOI”, Senior Preferred Notes issued by BOIG will be structurally subordinated to all liabilities of BOI 
(which is an operating bank), Senior Preferred Notes issued by BOIG may be capable of qualifying as MREL. In 
contrast, Senior Preferred Notes issued by BOI may rank pari passu with operating liabilities and certain other 
unsubordinated obligations of BOI, and as such are less likely to qualify as MREL. Accordingly, Senior Preferred 
Notes issued by BOIG may be more susceptible to being bailed-in, written down, or converted to equity than 
Senior Preferred Notes issued by BOI. Furthermore, whilst Senior Preferred Notes issued by BOIG are expected 
to be written down or converted to equity only after (or simultaneously with) Dated Subordinated Notes issued 
by BOIG, it is possible that Senior Preferred Notes issued by BOIG may be written down or converted to equity 
whether or not any Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Dated Subordinated Notes issued by 
BOI are also written down or converted to equity. This may also impact the relative market price of Notes issued 
by BOIG and those issued by BOI. 
The corporate reorganisation of the Group completed in 2017 to introduce BOIG as the listed holding 
company of the Group reflected the implementation of the SRB’s preferred resolution strategy for the Group, 
which specifically envisages that unsubordinated debt of BOIG (such as Senior Preferred Notes) should be 
available for bail-in, write-down or conversion to equity.  
Nevertheless, the manner in which the powers afforded to resolution authorities under BRRD will be 
employed in respect of any given financial institution or group will depend upon the circumstances at the time, 
and any Notes issued under this Programme – including any Senior Preferred Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes 
issued by BOIG or by BOI and any Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by BOI – may be written down, or 
converted to equity under these powers. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and those which might occur 
in relation to certain types of Exempt Notes: 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return 
There are a number of circumstances in which the relevant Issuer may be entitled to elect to redeem Notes, 
which may (depending on the Notes in question) including optional redemption on one or more dates specified in 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as the case may be), redemption following a Tax Event, redemption 
following a Capital Event and/or redemption following a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event. The Regulatory 
Capital Requirements, Loss Absorption Regulations and tax law continue to develop and evolve, and the

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
circumstances in which any of the foregoing events may occur may be difficult to predict and are based on factors 
outside the relevant Issuer’s control.  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
relevant Issuer may elect to redeem or is perceived to be likely to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to 
any redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, this 
may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the 
interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest 
basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may 
be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate 
in such circumstances may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value 
of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
The relative ranking of Notes will affect the amount of recovery (if any) a holder may expect to receive in an 
insolvent winding-up of an Issuer  
If the relevant Issuer is declared insolvent and a winding-up is initiated the relevant Issuer will, before it can 
make any payments on its Dated Subordinated Notes, be required to pay in full the claims in respect of its senior-
ranking debt (including any Senior Preferred Notes and, in the case of BOI, any Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
issued by it) and meet its obligations in respect of deposits, unsubordinated claims and (if any) those subordinated 
claims which rank in priority to the claims in respect of Dated Subordinated Notes. Accordingly, on a winding-
up of the relevant Issuer, if the assets of the relevant Issuer are insufficient to enable it to repay the claims of more 
senior-ranking creditors in full, the holders of such Issuer’s Dated Subordinated Notes will lose their entire 
investment in such Dated Subordinated Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the relevant Issuer to pay the 
claims of senior-ranking creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its 
obligations in respect of Dated Subordinated Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with its Dated 
Subordinated Notes, holders of Dated Subordinated Notes will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their 
investment in such Dated Subordinated Notes.  
Whilst the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes both share the ‘senior’ designation under 
the Programme, and will both rank ahead of Dated Subordinated Notes on a winding-up of the relevant Issuer, the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by BOI will rank junior to the Senior Preferred Notes issued by BOI (which, 
in turn, will rank junior to those obligations which are by law given priority over Senior Preferred Notes) and its 
other ordinary unsecured and unsubordinated liabilities. Accordingly, prospective investors in Notes issued under 
the Programme should note that, in the event of BOI’s insolvency or resolution, investors in its Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (if any) would generally be expected to lose their entire investment before losses are imposed on 
holders of its Senior Preferred Notes. The Dated Subordinated Notes rank junior to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, and the Issuers are not prohibited from issuing subordinated securities which rank in priority to the Dated 
Subordinated Notes. Further, investors in the Dated Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and (if so

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) Senior Preferred Notes will 
not be entitled to exercise any rights of set-off against the relevant Issuer in respect of such Notes. 
If either Issuer is declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated, that Issuer will be required to meet its 
obligations to all of its creditors (including all of its retail deposits, where applicable) that are afforded higher-
priority status under the Irish insolvency rules in full before it can make any payments on the Senior Preferred 
Notes (if any), and thereafter to pay in full the holders of its Senior Preferred Notes (if any) and any other senior 
debts ranking pari passu therewith (before, in the case of BOI, it can make any payments on its Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (if any)). In turn, the Issuer would be required to pay the holders of its Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes (in the case of BOI), all of its other Secondary Unsecured Debts (if any) and any higher-ranking 
Subordinated Claims (if any) in full before that Issuer can make any payments on the Dated Subordinated Notes. 
Accordingly, on a winding up of an Issuer, that Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after paying higher-
priority creditors to pay amounts due under the relevant Notes.  
The ranking of Notes in a winding up of either Issuer can also be expected to have a direct impact on the 
relative losses imposed on Noteholders in a resolution of that Issuer or capital write-down under the Irish Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Regulations, as such resolution and capital write-down powers ought to be used in a 
manner that respects the hierarchy of claims in an ordinary insolvency. The exercise of any of these actions in 
relation to either Issuer or any Notes could materially adversely affect the value of any Notes and/or the rights of 
Noteholders.  
On 28 December 2017, Directive (EU) 2017/2399 (the “Article 108 Amending Directive”) entered into 
force, amending Article 108 of BRRD and designed to create a new category of unsecured debt for banks and 
other credit institutions. Whilst the European Commission considered this new category as “still being part of the 
senior unsecured debt category (only as an un-preferred tier senior debt)”, it nevertheless ranks junior to ordinary 
unsecured creditors and other senior unsecured and preferred debts. 
The Article 108 Amending Directive was implemented into Irish insolvency law under S.I. No. 127 of 2019 
– European Union (Bank Recovery and Resolution) Regulations 2019 (the “2019 Regulations”). With effect from 
29 March 2019, and in relation to insolvency proceedings which are commenced on or after such date, the 2019 
Regulations amended (amongst other legislation) S.I. No. 289 of 2015 – European Union (Bank Recovery and 
Resolution) Regulations 2015 (as so amended, the “2015 Regulations”) and the Companies Act 2014 (No.38 of 
2014) of Ireland, as amended (the “Companies Act”) as the same applies to relevant institutions (including the 
Issuers) to provide for distinct classes of those debts which are not given priority status over ordinary unsecured 
claims under Irish insolvency law). These classes are identified in section 1428A of the Companies Act and are 
defined in Condition 3(e) as Ordinary Unsecured Debts, Secondary Unsecured Debts and Subordinated Debts. 
Senior Preferred Notes issued under the Programme are intended to constitute Ordinary Unsecured Debts.  
Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by BOI under the Programme are intended to be issued on terms such 
that the original contractual maturity is of at least one year and such Notes are not derivatives and contain no 
embedded derivatives, and accordingly are intended to constitute Secondary Unsecured Debts in accordance with 
subparagraphs 1(c)(i) to 1(c)(iii) of section 1428A of the Companies Act. 
Dated Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme are subordinated, and will thus form part of the class 
of Subordinated Debts (and may rank junior to, pari passu with or in priority to other Subordinated Debts).  
In a winding-up of the relevant Issuer, claims in respect of Ordinary Unsecured Debts rank junior to all debts 
which are referred to in Section 621(2) of the Companies Act, or which fall within subparagraphs (a) and (b) of 
section 1428A(1) of the Companies Act and in priority to all claims in respect of Secondary Unsecured Debts, 
which in turn rank in priority to all claims in respect of Subordinated Debts. 
It should be noted that the ranking provisions of the Notes, as contained in Condition 3 and the corresponding 
provisions of the Trust Deed, are expressed to be subject to the Ranking Legislation (as defined in Condition 3(e)).  
It is possible that the Ranking Legislation may be interpreted in an unexpected manner, or may be amended over 
time, which could affect the ranking of Notes issued under the Programme (relative both to other Notes issued 
under the Programme and/or to other liabilities issued by the Issuers). 
For example, the features which may or may not be considered to constitute a derivative or an embedded 
derivative from time to time for the purposes of section 1428A(1)(c)(ii) of the Companies Act may not always be 
entirely clear, and may evolve over time. Whilst BOI does not intend to issue Senior Non-Preferred Notes (if any) 
on terms which it considers contain an embedded derivative, if it subsequently transpires that any feature of any 
such Senior Non-Preferred Notes is deemed to be an embedded derivative, or if for any other reason any Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes issued by BOI under the Programme do not, in fact, qualify as Secondary Unsecured Debts, 
BOI expects (although makes no assurance) that such Notes would then, for the purposes of the Ranking

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
Legislation, form part of the class of Ordinary Unsecured Debts and would rank accordingly. In the event that any 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes cease to be Secondary Unsecured Debts in circumstances which constitute a 
Loss Absorption Disqualification Event, then subject as provided in the Conditions of such Notes and to obtaining 
regulatory approval (if then required) and to compliance with the Loss Absorption Regulations at such time, BOI 
may be entitled to redeem such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or substitute such Notes or vary the terms thereof so 
that they become or remain Loss Absorption Compliant Notes, including ensuring that such Notes remain or are 
restored to being Secondary Unsecured Debts. 
In addition, Article 48(7) of the BRRD has been implemented in Ireland under a new subsection 1A of 
Section 1428A of the Companies Act, which requires that claims resulting from an instrument the whole or part 
of which is recognised as an own funds item shall rank lower than any claim that does not result from such an 
instrument. This could, in certain circumstances, affect the ranking of certain Notes. In particular, Dated 
Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme are intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital. The ranking of any 
Dated Subordinated Notes which are issued and which cease in full to be eligible to qualify for inclusion in the 
own funds of the relevant Issuer or the Group would likely be adjusted under this new subsection, such that they 
rank ahead of other Dated Subordinated Notes the whole or part of which continue to qualify as own funds of the 
relevant Issuer or the Group. In such case, in a winding-up of the relevant Issuer, the claims of holders of Dated 
Subordinated Notes issued by it which qualify (in whole or in part) as own funds of that Issuer or the Group may 
be subordinated to claims of holders of its Dated Subordinated Notes (if any) which do not so qualify, and 
accordingly any recovery of amounts in respect of such qualifying Dated Subordinated Notes in a winding-up or 
resolution of that Issuer may be adversely affected. 
The European Union adopted a bank recovery and resolution directive which is intended to enable a range of 
actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions, investment firms, certain financial institutions and certain 
holding companies (each a “relevant entity”) considered to be at risk of failing 
The BRRD introduced a framework in the EU for the recovery and resolution of banks and other financial 
institutions and was transposed in Ireland by the European Union (Bank Recovery and Resolution) Regulations 
2015. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and 
quickly in an unsound or failing relevant entity so as to ensure the continuity of the relevant entity’s critical 
financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a relevant entity’s failure on the economy and 
financial system.  
The BRRD contains various resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where 
the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such relevant entity 
within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. The BRRD contains, inter alia, 
the following resolution tools and powers:  
(i) 
sale of business - which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or the 
whole or part of its business on commercial terms;  
(ii)  
bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the 
relevant entity to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially 
in public control);  
(iii)  
asset separation - which enables resolution authorities to transfer assets (such as impaired or problem 
assets) to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with 
a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used 
together with another resolution tool only); and  
(iv)  
bail-in - which gives resolution authorities the power to write-down certain claims of unsecured 
creditors of a failing relevant entity and to convert certain unsecured debt claims (including Notes) to 
equity (the “general bail-in tool”), which equity could also be subject to any future write-down. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the above 
resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide 
extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public 
equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided 
in accordance with the EU state aid framework. 
A relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: it is, or is likely in the near future to be, 
in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as they fall 
due; or it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power 
to permanently write-down, or convert into equity, capital instruments (such as Dated Subordinated Notes) at the 
point of non-viability and before any resolution action is taken (“non-viability loss absorption”). Under the 
revisions to BRRD being implemented through the EU Banking Reforms, the non-viability loss absorption powers 
are extended to cover both own funds (such as Dated Subordinated Notes) and other eligible liabilities (such as 
Loss Absorption Notes). Any shares issued to holders of Notes upon any such conversion into equity may also be 
subject to any application of the general bail-in tool or further non-viability loss absorption actions. Resolution 
authorities are required to implement non-viability loss absorption ahead of, or simultaneously with, any 
resolution action. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the 
conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority or authorities, 
as the case may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant 
capital instruments and eligible liabilities (such as Dated Subordinated Notes and Loss Absorption Notes, 
respectively) are written-down or converted or (iii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the 
relevant entity other than, where the entity is an institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance 
in the economy of a European Economic Area member state and to preserve financial stability. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as 
well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. Holders of Notes may be subject to write-down or 
conversion into equity on any application of the general bail-in tool and, in the case of Dated Subordinated Notes 
and Loss Absorption Notes, non-viability loss absorption, which may result in such holders losing some or all of 
their investment. The exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion, or any market perception or 
expectation, of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or 
value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the relevant Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any 
Notes. 
Whilst BRRD provides for compensation to be paid to certain creditors (which may in certain cases be given 
in the form of equity shares) who receive less in a resolution of a relevant entity than they would have received 
had that entity been allowed to enter into normal insolvency proceedings (known as the ‘no creditor worse off’ 
protection), there can be no guarantee that any Noteholder or Couponholder will be eligible to receive 
compensation for any losses in respect of their Notes, or any such compensation received will cover their losses 
on their Notes in full. 
As described further in “Description of BOIG and the Group – Regulation” below, Regulation No. 806/2014 
(the “SRM Regulation”) is designed to ensure the uniform application of the BRRD resolution rules to failing 
banks subject to the SSM. The SRB has the authority to exercise specific resolution powers pursuant to the SRM 
Regulation similar to those of the competent authorities under the BRRD, including in relation to resolution 
planning and the assessment of resolvability. The exercise of the resolution tools created by the SRM Regulation 
and the BRRD could result in changes to the structure of a group to allow for a multiple-point-of-entry or a single 
point-of-entry resolution. 
As the scope of the BRRD (and its implementation under Irish law) together with its application is as yet 
untested, there is a material uncertainty as to the nature and duration of its impact on such intervention for the 
Issuers, the various categories of creditors and relevant markets generally. 
There are limited remedies for non-payment in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Dated Subordinated 
Notes and certain Senior Preferred Notes  
The sole remedy against the relevant Issuer available to the Trustee or any Noteholder or Couponholder for 
recovery of amounts owing in respect of or arising under any Senior Non-Preferred Notes or any Dated 
Subordinated Notes will be the institution of proceedings for the winding up of the relevant Issuer and/or proving 
in any winding up of the relevant Issuer.  
Similarly, in respect of any Senior Preferred Notes where the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
(as the case may be) specifies “Senior Preferred Notes: Restricted Events of Default” as “Applicable”, the sole 
remedy against the relevant Issuer available to the Trustee or any Noteholder or Couponholder for recovery of 
amounts owing in respect of or arising under such Notes will be the institution of proceedings for the winding up 
of the relevant Issuer and/or proving in any winding up of the relevant Issuer.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
As the remedies available to holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes and of 
Senior Preferred Notes with restricted events of default are restricted as described above, the enforcement rights 
of holders’ in respect of these Notes are extremely limited. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under Dated Subordinated Notes  
The relevant Issuer’s obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction for or 
on account of Irish taxes under the terms of (i) Senior Preferred Notes where the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement (as the case may be) specifies “Senior Preferred Notes: Restricted Events of Default” to be 
“Applicable”, (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes and (iii) Dated Subordinated Notes, applies only to payments of 
interest due and payable under the such Notes and not to payments of principal (which term, for these purposes, 
includes any premium, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount 
and any other amount (other than interest) payable in respect of those Notes). As such, the relevant Issuer would 
not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction for or on account of 
Irish tax is applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to 
any payments of principal under any (i) Senior Preferred Notes where the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement (as the case may be) specifies “Senior Preferred Notes: Restricted Events of Default” to be 
“Applicable”, (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes or (iii) Dated Subordinated Notes, holders of such Notes would, 
upon repayment or redemption of such Notes, be entitled to receive only the net amount of such redemption or 
repayment proceeds after deduction of the amount required to be withheld. Therefore, holders may receive less 
than the full amount due under such Notes, and the market value of such Notes may be adversely affected as a 
result. 
Certain Loss Absorption Notes may be redeemed by the relevant Issuer upon the occurrence of a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event. If such Loss Absorption Notes are to be so redeemed or there is a perception that the Loss 
Absorption Notes may be so redeemed, this may impact the market price of such Loss Absorption Notes 
If at any time a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event occurs in relation to any Series of Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes which are identified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
(as the case may be) as Loss Absorption Notes, and if the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement specifies that the relevant Issuer has the option to redeem such Loss Absorption Notes upon 
the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event, the relevant Issuer may redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Loss Absorption Notes of such Series at the price set out in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement (as the case may be) together with any outstanding interest.  
A Loss Absorption Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of any amendment 
to, or change in, any Loss Absorption Regulations, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
any Loss Absorption Regulations, in any such case becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the latest 
Tranche of the Loss Absorption Notes of the relevant Series, the Loss Absorption Notes of such Series are or (in 
the opinion of the relevant Issuer or the Competent Authority) are likely to be fully or (if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) partially excluded from the minimum 
requirements of the relevant Issuer and/or any Regulatory Group of which it forms part (whether on a solo, 
individual consolidated, consolidated or sub-consolidated basis, as applicable) for (A) own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or (B) loss absorbing capacity instruments, in each case as such minimum requirements are 
applicable to the relevant Issuer and/or any Regulatory Group of which it forms part and determined in accordance 
with, and pursuant to, the relevant Loss Absorption Regulations; provided that a Loss Absorption Disqualification 
Event shall not occur where the exclusion of the Loss Absorption Notes from the relevant minimum 
requirement(s) is due to the remaining maturity of the Loss Absorption Notes being less than any period prescribed 
by any applicable eligibility criteria for such minimum requirements under the relevant Loss Absorption 
Regulations effective with respect to the relevant Issuer and/or any Regulatory Group of which it forms part on 
the Issue Date of the latest Tranche of such Series.  
As the implementation of the minimum requirements for eligible liabilities under the BRRD is subject to the 
adoption of further secondary legislation and implementation in Ireland, the relevant Issuer is currently unable to 
predict accurately whether the Loss Absorption Notes issued by it will be fully or partially excluded from the 
minimum requirements of the relevant Issuer or any Regulatory Group of which it forms part for (A) own funds 
and eligible liabilities and/or (B) loss absorbing capacity instruments, in each case as such minimum requirements 
are applicable to the relevant Issuer and/or any Regulatory Group of which it forms part. 
If any such Loss Absorption Notes are to be redeemed as a result of a Loss Absorption Disqualification 
Event or there is a perception that such Loss Absorption Notes may be so redeemed, this may impact the market

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
price of such Loss Absorption Notes. In addition, there can be no assurance that Noteholders will be able to 
reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment 
in such Loss Absorption Notes, see also “If the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this 
may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return”. 
There are no rights of set-off in respect of Dated Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain 
Senior Preferred Notes 
No holder of a Dated Subordinated Note or a Senior Non-Preferred Note or, in either case, a Coupon relating 
thereto may exercise or claim any right of set-off in respect of any amount owed to it by the relevant Issuer arising 
under or in connection with such Note and the Coupons relating thereto and each holder of such Note or a Coupon 
relating thereto shall, by virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of any such Note or Coupon, be deemed 
to have waived all such rights of set-off. 
The foregoing paragraph shall also apply, mutatis mutandis, in respect of any Senior Preferred Notes where 
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as the case may be) specifies “Senior Preferred Notes: Waiver 
of Set-off” to be applicable.   
Early redemption and purchase of the Dated Subordinated Notes and Loss Absorption Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption, or purchase under Condition 6(i), of Dated Subordinated Notes and Loss Absorption 
Notes is subject to compliance with the then applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements and/or Loss Absorption 
Regulations (as applicable), including for the avoidance of doubt, (a) the Issuer giving notice to the Competent 
Authority and the Competent Authority granting prior permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Dated 
Subordinated Notes or Loss Absorption Notes (in each case to the extent, and in the manner, required by the 
Competent Authority, the Regulatory Capital Requirements and/or the Loss Absorption Regulations, as 
applicable, including Articles 77(1)(c) and 78 (in the case of Dated Subordinated Notes) or Articles 77(2) and 78a 
(in the case of Loss Absorption Notes) of the Capital Requirements Regulation); and (b) if applicable, compliance 
by the Issuer with any additional or alternative preconditions to those set out in Condition 6(l)(A) (in the case of 
Dated Subordinated Notes) or Condition 6(l)(B) (in the case of Loss Absorption Notes) required by the Competent 
Authority, the Regulatory Capital Requirements and/or the Loss Absorption Regulations, as applicable, at the 
time of any such redemption or purchase. 
In addition, any proposed redemption, or purchase under Condition 6(i), of Dated Subordinated Notes prior 
to the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date is conditional, in the case of a redemption following a Capital Event or 
a Tax Event, on compliance with Article 78(4) (a) or (b) respectively of the Capital Requirements Regulation; and 
in the case of a purchase, on compliance with one of the other relevant conditions under Article 78(4) of the 
Capital Requirements Regulation. 
There can be no assurance that the Competent Authority will permit such redemption or purchase. In 
addition, the Issuer may elect not to exercise any option to redeem any Dated Subordinated Notes or Loss 
Absorption Notes early or at any time. 
Substitution and Variation of Dated Subordinated Notes and Loss Absorption Notes 
If, in the case of any Series of Dated Subordinated Notes, “Substitution and Variation” is specified as 
“Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms or (as the case may be) Pricing Supplement, then following the 
occurrence of a Capital Event, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(c) 
regarding Irish Statutory Resolution Powers, the relevant Issuer may, subject as provided in Condition 6(m)(iii) 
and without the need for any consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute all (but not some only) 
of such Series of Dated Subordinated Notes for, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Dated 
Subordinated Notes of such Series so that they remain or become, Tier 2 Compliant Notes (as defined in Condition 
6(m)(i)) (and in either case may, in the case of English Law Notes, change the governing law of Condition 18(c) 
from Irish law to English law). 
If, in the case of any Series of Loss Absorption Notes, “Substitution and Variation” is specified as 
“Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms or (as the case may be) Pricing Supplement, then following the 
occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability 
of Condition 18(c) regarding Irish Statutory Resolution Powers, the relevant Issuer may, subject as provided in 
Condition 6(m)(iii) and without the need for any consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute all 
(but not some only) of such Series of Loss Absorption Notes for, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of 
the Loss Absorption Notes of such Series so that they remain or become, Loss Absorption Compliant Notes (as

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
defined in Condition 6(m)(ii)) (and in either case may, in the case of English Law Notes, change the governing 
law of Condition 18(c) from Irish law to English law). 
No assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular holder. If 
any substitution or variation of any Notes were to be effected in order to address any actual or perceived 
ineffectiveness of Condition 18(c) regarding Irish Statutory Resolution Powers, there is no assurance that such 
substitution or variation would be viewed by the market as being equally favourable to Noteholders. In addition, 
the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied Notes could be different for some 
categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding such Notes prior to such 
substitution or variation. 
The interest rate on Fixed Rate Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the 
interest payment on an investment in Fixed Rate Reset Notes and could affect the market value of Fixed Rate Reset 
Notes. 
Reset Notes will initially earn interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the first Reset Date. 
On the first Reset Date, however, and on each Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the 
sum of the applicable Subsequent Reset Rate and the Reset Margin as determined by the Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a “Reset Rate of Interest”). The Reset Rate of Interest for any 
Reset Period could be less than Initial Rate of Interest or the Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods and 
could affect the market value of an investment in the Fixed Rate Reset Notes. 
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such 
benchmarks.  
The interest rates applicable to certain Notes may be determined by reference to certain reference rates or 
indices known as “benchmarks” (including the euro interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”) and the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”)). Some benchmarks, including EURIBOR and the London interbank 
offered rate (“LIBOR”), are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may 
cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing 
such a benchmark.  Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) applies, subject to certain 
transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use 
of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and 
(ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuers) of benchmarks of administrators that are 
not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Benchmarks Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a 
benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.   
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active 
underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of regulatory reforms) for market 
participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The FCA has indicated through a series of 
announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021.  
On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“IBA”), the administrator of LIBOR, published 
a statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the dates on which 
this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers to require IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR 
settings using a changed methodology (the “IBA announcement”). Concurrently, the FCA published a statement

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors, following the dates on 
which IBA has indicated it will cease publication (the “FCA announcement”). Permanent cessation will occur 
immediately after 31 December 2021 for all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese 
Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings and immediately after 30th June 2023 for certain other USD LIBOR settings. 
In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese 
Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using its powers to require 
IBA to continue their publication under a changed methodology for a further period after end-2021 (end-June 
2023 in the case of US Dollar LIBOR). The FCA announcement states that consequently, these LIBOR settings 
will no longer be representative of the underlying market that such settings are intended to measure immediately 
after 31 December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 
June 2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese Yen LIBOR settings 
will also cease permanently at the end of 2022. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk 
to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, LIBOR and/or EURIBOR will 
continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause LIBOR and/or EURIBOR to perform differently than 
they have done in the past, and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. The potential transition 
from LIBOR to SONIA or the elimination of LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the 
manner of administration of any benchmark, could require an adjustment to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, or result in other consequences, in respect of any Notes referencing such benchmark. Such factors may 
have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to the benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used 
in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any 
other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise 
dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide that, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, certain fallback 
arrangements will apply, which may affect the calculation of interest amounts. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that an Original Reference 
Rate and/or any page on which an Original Reference Rate may be published (or any other successor service) 
becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) otherwise occurs. The IBA 
announcement and FCA announcement referred to above each constitutes such a Benchmark Event. This will 
have triggered certain of the fallback arrangements although, the consequences of such fallbacks being triggered 
are not immediately effective under the Terms and Conditions. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility 
that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, with (in either case) 
the application of an Adjustment Spread (which could be positive or negative or zero), and may include 
amendments to the terms of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable) and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread.  Such determinations may be made by an 
Independent Adviser (in consultation with the relevant Issuer) or, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, or if an Independent Adviser is appointed but fails to make any relevant determination, by the relevant 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner). There can be no assurance that the adoption 
of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread will result in a Rate of Interest 
as favourable to Noteholders as the Original Reference Rate. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular 
Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result 
in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on 
the Relevant Screen Page or, in the case of Fixed Rate Reset Notes, the application of the Reset Rate of Interest 
for a preceding Reset Period or the application of the Initial Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes on the 
Interest Commencement Date. Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and 
Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory 
developments and the fact that the provisions of Condition 4(f) will not be applied if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the relevant Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the 
relevant Series of Notes as Tier 2 capital (in the case of Dated Subordinated Notes) or eligible liabilities or loss

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
absorbing capacity instruments (in the case of Loss Absorption Notes), there is a risk that the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of EU, Irish, United 
Kingdom, or other international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or 
any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes could have a 
material adverse effect on the trading market for, liquidity of, value of and return on any such affected Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any of 
the international or national reforms and the potential application of the benchmark discontinuation provisions of 
the Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate 
Where the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for a Series of Floating Rate Notes identifies that 
the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(“SONIA”), the Rate of Interest will be determined on the basis of compounded daily SONIA. Compounded daily 
SONIA differs from LIBOR in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that compounded 
daily SONIA is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas LIBOR is expressed on the 
basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should 
be aware that LIBOR and SONIA may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for Notes issued 
under the Programme. The use of compounded daily SONIA as a reference rate for Eurobonds is nascent, and is 
subject to change and development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and 
adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing compounded daily SONIA.  
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing compounded daily SONIA should be aware that 
the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as 
an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. For example, in the context of backwards-looking SONIA rates, market 
participants and relevant working groups are currently assessing the differences between compounded rates and 
weighted average rates, and such groups are also exploring forward-looking ‘term’ SONIA reference rates (which 
seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). The adoption 
of SONIA may also see component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from LIBOR or 
another reference rate to SONIA.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as applicable to Notes referencing a SONIA rate that are 
issued under the Programme. Furthermore, the Issuers may in future issue Notes referencing SONIA that differ 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA-referenced Notes issued 
by them under the Programme. The nascent development of compounded daily SONIA as an interest reference 
rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such market and the 
market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA-referenced Notes issued under the Programme from time to time. 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest on Notes which reference compounded daily SONIA is only capable of 
being determined at the end of the relevant Interest Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference compounded daily SONIA to estimate reliably the 
amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade 
such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such 
Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based securities, if Notes referencing compounded daily SONIA become 
due and payable early under Condition 9 or Condition 10 (as applicable), or are otherwise redeemed early on a 
date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall only 
be determined immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets may 
differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the derivatives 
and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA 
reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put 
in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing compounded daily SONIA.  
In its “Summary and response to market feedback - Supporting Risk-Free Rate transition through the 
provision of compounded SONIA” as updated in July 2020, the Bank of England confirmed that it would produce 
and, from August 2020, publish, its SONIA Compounded Index using the methodology described in that paper 
(and that it would not publish a set of period averages). If the Final Terms or, as the case may be, Pricing

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
Supplement for any Notes specifies that interest will be determined by reference to the Overnight SONIA Rate 
and ‘Index Determination’ is specified to be applicable, the provisions of Condition 4(c)(ii)(c)(C) will apply. Such 
provisions are based upon the guidance given by the Bank of England in its July 2020 paper for calculating 
compounded SONIA rates by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index. There can be no assurance that the 
Bank of England’s methodology for determining the SONIA Compounded Index, or its guidance for calculating 
compounded SONIA rates by reference to such index, will not change over time. 
SONIA is a relatively new rate, and the Bank of England (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA, may 
make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SONIA, including changes related to the 
method by which SONIA is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, 
or timing related to the publication of SONIA. If the manner in which SONIA is calculated is changed, that change 
may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the relevant Notes, which may adversely affect the 
trading prices of such Notes. The administrator of SONIA may withdraw, modify, amend, suspend or discontinue 
the calculation or dissemination of SONIA, respectively, in its sole discretion and without notice and has no 
obligation to consider the interests of holders of the Floating Rate Notes in calculating, withdrawing, modifying, 
amending, suspending or discontinuing SONIA. 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such Notes. 
Risks relating to Sustainable Notes 
In respect of any Notes issued as Sustainable Notes, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds 
will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that the Notes 
are intended to be Sustainable Notes (which may include, inter alia, sustainable, green and/or social Notes 
(together the “Sustainable Notes”)). The Group intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from any 
issue of Sustainable Notes to advance loans to the Group’s customers on a targeted basis for the purposes of the 
financing and/or refinancing by such customers of assets, projects and expenditures with a positive sustainability 
impact, which may include environmental, green and/or social projects (“Eligible Sustainable Projects”), in line 
with any framework(s) that the Group may publish from time to time and in keeping with the Green Bond 
Principles, Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines as published by ICMA (together, the 
“Principles”). As at the date of this Prospectus, the Group has published its Green Bond Framework (see “Use of 
Proceeds” for further information). 
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus as to what constitutes or may be 
classified as, a “sustainable”, “green”, “social” or equivalently-labelled project or a loan that may finance such 
project and the requirements of any such label continue to develop and evolve, and different organisations may 
develop definitions or labels that are different from, and may be incompatible with, those set by other 
organisations. The EU has implemented Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable development (the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”). The stated purpose of the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation is to establish the criteria for determining whether an economic activity qualifies as environmentally 
sustainable for the purposes of establishing the degree to which an investment is environmentally sustainable.  
No assurance is or can be given by the Group or the Dealers to investors that any projects or uses the subject 
of, or related to, any Eligible Sustainable Projects will comply with any taxonomy established under the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation or otherwise meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “sustainable”, 
“social” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or 
other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Sustainable Projects. In addition, no assurance can be given by the Group, the Dealers or any other person 
to investors that any Notes will comply with any future standards or requirements regarding any “green”, “social”, 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives and, accordingly, the status of any Notes as 
being “green”, “social” or “sustainable” (or equivalent) could be withdrawn at any time. 
No assurance is given by the Group or the Dealers that the use of amounts advanced by the Group to 
customers for the purposes of financing or refinancing any projects which the Group has identified as Eligible 
Sustainable Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Sustainable Projects.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
No assurances with respect to the Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification  
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuers, the Group or the Dealers as to the suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification of any 
third party (whether or not solicited by the Group) which may be made available in connection with the Group’s 
Green Bond Framework or any Sustainable Notes and in particular with any Eligible Sustainable Projects to fulfil 
any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Second Party 
Opinion nor any other such opinion or certification is, and they shall not be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or 
form part of this Prospectus.  
Neither the Second Party Opinion nor any other such opinion or certification is, and they should not be 
deemed to be, a recommendation by the Group or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Sustainable Notes. The 
Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is and will be current only as of its date. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of the Second Party Opinion and any other 
such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of the Second Party 
Opinion or such other opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in Sustainable Notes. Currently, 
the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight.  
The Noteholders will have no recourse against either Issuer or any of the Dealers or the provider of the 
Second Party Opinion or any other such opinion or certification for the contents of any such opinion or 
certification. A withdrawal of any such opinion or certification may affect the value of any Sustainable Notes, 
may result in the delisting of such Sustainability Bonds from any dedicated ‘green’, ‘social’ or ‘sustainable’ or 
other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market and/or may have consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green, social, sustainable or other equivalently-labelled 
assets. 
No assurances that Sustainable Notes will be or remain admitted to any dedicated segment of any stock 
exchange, nor that admission of Sustainable Notes to any such segment will indicate that any particular objectives 
or investment criteria of any investor will be met   
In the event that any Sustainable Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuers, the Group, the 
Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related 
to, any Eligible Sustainable Projects or the funding thereof by the Group. Furthermore, it should be noted that the 
criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to 
another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Group or any other person that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any Sustainable Notes or, if obtained, that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Sustainable Notes, and any failure to obtain 
or maintain any such listing or admission to trading may affect the value of such Sustainable Notes. 
No obligation or assurance that the proceeds of issue of Sustainable Notes (or amounts equal thereto) will 
be applied for the purposes of financing or refinancing Eligible Sustainable Projects, and any failure in 
application of such proceeds (or equal amounts) will not constitute a default or otherwise enable Noteholders to 
take any enforcement action against the relevant Issuer   
While it is the intention of the Group to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Sustainable Notes 
for advancing loans to customers on a targeted basis for the purposes of financing and/or refinancing Eligible 
Sustainable Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Prospectus, the relevant Issuer will be 
under no contractual obligation to do so (including that the Terms and Conditions of Sustainable Notes will not 
contain any such requirement on, or covenant by, the relevant Issuer nor any event of default should the relevant 
Issuer fail to apply the proceeds or related amounts for such purpose) and further there can be no assurance that 
the relevant loans advanced by the Group, or the project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Sustainable Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance 
with any timing schedule and that accordingly such amounts will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible 
Sustainable Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Sustainable Projects will be completed 
within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
originally expected or anticipated by the Group when making its assessment whether or not to advance the relevant 
loan. Any such event or failure by the Group or its customers will not constitute an Event of Default under the 
Sustainable Notes or otherwise trigger any other consequences under the terms of the Sustainable Notes.  
Any such event or failure by the Group to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of 
Sustainable Notes to advance loans to customers to finance and/or refinance any Eligible Sustainable Projects, 
and/or any failure by any such customer to apply those funds to Eligible Sustainable Projects as aforesaid, and/or 
withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion or any other similar opinion or certification in connection with any 
Sustainable Notes, or any opinion or certification attesting that the Group or any of its customers is not complying 
in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any 
Sustainable Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as 
aforesaid and/or any failure by the relevant Issuer or the Group to provide or publish any reporting or any impact 
assessment on the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) from any issue of Sustainable Notes will not: 
(i) 
give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the relevant Issuer and/or any Dealer; 
(ii)  
constitute an Event of Default under the Sustainable Notes or permit the Trustee or any Noteholder to 
accelerate the Sustainable Notes or take any other enforcement action against the relevant Issuer; 
(iii)  
lead to an obligation of the relevant Issuer to redeem the Sustainable Notes or be a relevant factor for the 
relevant Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any 
Sustainable Notes;  
(iv)  
affect the qualification of Sustainable Notes which are also Dated Subordinated Notes or Loss Absorption 
Notes (as the case may be) as Tier 2 Capital or as eligible liabilities or loss absorbing capacity instruments 
(as applicable);  
(v)  
otherwise affect or impede the ability of the Group to apply the proceeds of such Sustainable Notes to 
cover losses in any part of the Group; or  
(vi)  
result in any step-up or increased payments of interest, principal or any other amounts in respect of any 
Sustainable Notes, or otherwise affect the terms and conditions of any Sustainable Notes.  
However, such event of failure may adversely affect the reputation of the Group and could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of such Sustainable Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes, including 
(without limitation) Notes which are intended to finance the Group’s lending for Eligible Sustainable Projects 
and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be 
used for a particular purpose.  
Furthermore, any failure by the Group to meet any sustainability targets it may be required to meet or may 
set itself from time to time shall not constitute an event of default under any Sustainable Notes or otherwise result 
in any Sustainable Notes being redeemed prior to their maturity date.  
The characterisation of Notes as Sustainable Notes does not affect the status of such Notes in terms of 
ranking, subordination, loss absorbency or regulatory classification as own funds or eligible liabilities 
instruments 
Notes issued as Sustainable Notes will be subject to bail-in and resolution measures available under BRRD 
in the same way as any other Notes issued under the Programme (see the risk factor entitled “The European Union 
adopted a bank recovery and resolution directive which is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in 
relation to credit institutions, investment firms, certain financial institutions and certain holding companies (each 
a “relevant entity”) considered to be at risk of failing” above).  
Further, investors should note that where Sustainable Notes that qualify for inclusion in the owns funds and 
eligible liabilities of the relevant Issuer and/or the Group, the prudential and resolution rules will apply to those 
Sustainable Notes in the same way as they apply to other Notes issued under the Programme, including that the 
provisions of the Capital Requirements Regulation and BRRD will continue to apply to such Notes in full. 
Sustainable Notes intended to form part of the own funds and eligible liabilities of the relevant Issuer and/or the 
Group will not be issued with any features which undermine their ability to absorb losses in compliance with the 
prevailing prudential and resolution rules, and neither the Sustainable Notes nor the proceeds of issue thereof will 
be afforded any special treatment or enhanced protections as a result of them being Sustainable Notes. Dated 
Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes will continue to be subject to lower priority ranking than 
other debts of the relevant Issuer as set out in Condition 3, and the other risks applicable to Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes a described elsewhere in this section “Risk Factors” 
– including with respect to loss absorption as a result of bail-in or write down, and with respect to restricted events

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
of default and limited rights of enforcement - shall apply to such irrespective of whether or not such Notes are 
Sustainable Notes.  
The proceeds of issue of Notes that qualify as own funds and eligible liabilities of the relevant Issuer and/or 
the Group will be available to cover all losses of the relevant Issuer and/or the Group, regardless of whether such 
Notes are Sustainable Notes and regardless of whether the losses stem from the loans advanced by the Group 
under its Green Bond Framework out of the proceeds of issue of such Sustainable Notes or under any other green, 
social or sustainable assets of the Group. 
No link between Sustainable Notes and any Eligible Sustainable Projects funded out of the proceeds of issue 
thereof  
Amounts of interest, principal or other amounts payable in respect of any Sustainable Notes will not be 
impacted by the performance of the Eligible Sustainable Projects funded out of the proceeds of issue (or amounts 
equal thereto) of such Sustainable Notes or by any other Eligible Sustainable Projects or other green, social or 
sustainable assets of the relevant Issuer or the Group. 
Further, the tenor of the amounts advanced by the Group to customers for the purposes of financing or 
refinancing Eligible Sustainable Projects may not match the maturity date of the Sustainable Notes issued to fund 
such advances. The subsequent redemption of relevant loans advanced by the Group, or the project(s) or use(s) 
the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Sustainable Projects before the maturity date of any Sustainable Notes 
issued to fund such advances shall not lead to the early redemption of such Sustainable Notes or any other Notes 
nor create any obligation or incentive of the relevant Issuer to redeem the Sustainable Notes at any time or be a 
factor in the relevant Issuer’s determination as to whether or not to exercise any early redemption rights it may 
have from time to time. 
Materialisation of risks 
If any of the risks outlined in this risk factor materialise, this may have a material adverse effect on the 
market price of Sustainability Notes issued under the Programme and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose, including, without 
limitation, if such investors are required to dispose of Sustainable Notes held by them as a result of such 
Sustainable Notes not, or no longer, meeting any investment criteria or objectives set by or for such investor, 
which could lead to increased volatility and/or material decreases in the market price of Sustainable Notes. 
Prospective investors should consult with their legal and other advisers before making an investment in any such 
Notes and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in 
such Sustainable Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
Investors have no recourse to the Dealers 
No Dealer is responsible for (i) any assessment of any eligibility criteria relating to Sustainable Notes, (ii) 
any verification of whether the relevant advance of loans by the Group or the Eligible Sustainable Projects will 
satisfy the relevant eligibility criteria or (iii) the monitoring of the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) in 
connection with the issue of any Sustainable Notes, (iv) the allocation of the proceeds by the Group to particular 
Eligible Sustainable Projects, (v) any assessment of the Eligible Sustainable Projects criteria or (vi) the contents 
of the Green Bond Framework, the Second Party Opinion or any other sustainability framework developed by the 
Group or any related second party opinion, and no investor in any Notes, Coupons or Receipts will have any 
recourse to any of the Dealers in connection therewith. 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Notes, such as Index Linked 
Notes and Dual Currency Notes. In particular, an investor might receive less interest than expected or no interest 
in respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal amount invested by it 
The Issuers may issue Exempt Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to an index or 
formula, to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in currency exchange rates or other 
factors (each, a “Relevant Factor”).  In addition, the Issuers may issue Exempt Notes with principal or interest 
payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Exempt Notes are 
denominated.  Potential investors should be aware that: 
(a) the market price of such Exempt Notes may be volatile; 
(b) they may receive no interest;

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
(c) payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected; 
(d) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(e) a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(f) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Exempt Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or 
contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal or interest 
payable likely will be magnified; and 
(g) the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, the 
greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the 
future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes.  Accordingly, each potential investor 
should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any Notes linked to 
a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
Where Exempt Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment of 
the issue price could lose all of their investment 
The Issuers may issue Exempt Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment.  Any 
failure by any investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of their Notes could result in 
such investor losing all of their investment. 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or other 
leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments.  If they are structured to include multipliers or 
other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, 
their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate.  The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other conventional 
floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms).  Inverse 
Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate 
of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market 
value of these Notes. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Meetings of Noteholders and other resolutions 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders (which may be held at a 
physical location, or via an electronic platform (such as a conference call or videoconference) or by a combination 
of such methods) to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in 
writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did 
not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in 
a manner contrary to the majority. 
Significant discretions are conferred on the Trustee, which may be exercised without the consent of the 
Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests of particular Noteholders 
The conditions of the Notes provide that the Trustee (a) may, without the consent of Noteholders and without 
regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation 
of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of Notes or (ii) determine without the consent of the 
Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such or (iii) the 
substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the relevant Issuer, in the

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
circumstances described in Condition 15 of the conditions of the Notes; or (b) shall, in certain circumstances, use 
reasonable endeavours to assist the Issuer in any substitution or variation of Notes pursuant to Condition 6(m). 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “OECD”) Common Reporting Standard 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing the United States Foreign Account 
Tax Compliance Act, the OECD developed the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”) to address the issue of 
offshore tax evasion on a global basis.  Aimed at maximising efficiency and reducing cost for financial institutions, 
the CRS provides a common standard for due diligence, reporting and exchange of financial account information.  
Pursuant to the CRS, participating jurisdictions will obtain from reporting financial institutions, and automatically 
exchange with the tax authorities in partner jurisdictions on an annual basis, financial information with respect to 
all reportable accounts identified by financial institutions on the basis of common due diligence and reporting 
procedures. Ireland has implemented the CRS into Irish law.  
Under the CRS, participating jurisdictions are required to exchange certain information held by financial 
institutions regarding their reportable accounts. The first exchanges of information began in 2017.   
Ireland has adopted the “Wider Approach” to CRS due-diligence, therefore Irish Financial Institutions are 
required to carry out due diligence on all customers, although it should be noted that Ireland will only exchange 
CRS information with jurisdictions where there is a legal obligation to do so.   
Noteholders may be required to provide additional information to the Issuers to enable each Issuer to satisfy 
its obligations under the CRS. 
By subscribing for Notes, each Noteholder is agreeing to provide such information upon request from the 
Issuer or their delegates.  
Pursuant to information-sharing arrangements in place between Ireland and/or the European Union and 
certain third countries and/or dependant or associated territories of CRS-participating jurisdictions, to the extent 
that those countries or territories are not “Reportable Jurisdictions” under the CRS, entities considered to be a 
paying agent for these purposes, may be obliged to collect certain information in relation to Noteholders in order 
to satisfy the disclosure requirements under CRS. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes 
may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of 
such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds 
an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not 
receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed or issued) and would need 
to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its 
holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that 
is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Governing law 
The Notes will be either English Law Notes or Irish Law Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or (as the case may be) the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of English Law Notes, the Trust Deed (as 
it relates to such Notes), the Notes and any Coupons and Receipts relating to such Notes, and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, will be governed by and construed in accordance with 
English law, except that Condition 3, Condition 18(c), Clause 31 of the Trust Deed (with respect to the 
acknowledgement of Bail-in Powers, as defined therein) and the provisions of the Trust Deed relating to the 
ranking of claims in respect of such Notes, Receipts and Coupons on a winding-up of the Issuer, and (in each 
case) any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, will be governed by and construed 
in accordance with the laws of Ireland. In the case of Irish Law Notes, the Trust Deed (as it relates to such Notes), 
the Notes and any Coupons and Receipts relating to such Notes, and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection therewith, will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Ireland.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
Irish law or administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, 
are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors, and may also be the case if Notes are issued to only one or a small 
number of initial investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more 
price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market 
value of Notes. 
In addition, prevailing global credit market conditions, including a general lack of liquidity in the secondary 
market for instruments similar to the Notes, could result in investors suffering losses on the Notes in secondary 
resales even if there were no decline in the performance of the Notes or the assets of the relevant Issuer. These 
and other factors unrelated to the relevant Issuer’s creditworthiness may affect the price Noteholders receive for 
their Notes, or their ability to sell their Notes at all. The Issuers cannot predict when these circumstances will 
occur and whether, if and when they do occur, there will be a more liquid market for the Notes and instruments 
similar to the Notes at that time. Investors may therefore lose some or all of their investment in the Notes on 
secondary resales. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, they will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates that may adversely affect the value of their holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk 
that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency of 
the Notes or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the 
Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and Monetary Authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal 
as measured in the Investor’s Currency. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. Investors 
holding the Notes may therefore receive a lower return than they would receive on other instruments and investors 
wishing to sell their Notes may consequently receive a lower price than they had paid for the Notes, or may not 
be able to sell their Notes at all. 
Credit ratings assigned to the relevant Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EEA rating 
agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the 
case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published 
by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of 
the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures 
being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country 
non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit 
rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or 
endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional 
relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the 
relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in 
the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the 
value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings may be disclosed in the Final Terms.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
DOCUMENTS DEEMED TO BE INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published (or are published simultaneously with this 
Prospectus) and have been filed with the Central Bank and with Euronext Dublin shall be deemed to be 
incorporated in, and to form part of, this Prospectus: 
(a) the audited consolidated financial statements of BOI for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 
and 31 December 2019, including the notes thereto and the Auditor’s Reports in connection therewith 
by 
KPMG, 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
be 
https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/app/uploads/GovCo-Annual-Report-2020.pdf 
and 
https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/app/uploads/GovCo-Annual-Report-2019.pdf; 
(b) the audited consolidated financial statements of BOIG for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 
and the audited consolidated financial statements of BOIG for the financial year ended 31 December 
2019, including the notes thereto and the Auditor’s Reports in connection therewith by KPMG, which 
can be viewed online at https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/app/uploads/BOI-Annual-Report-
2020.pdf and https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/app/uploads/BOI-Annual-Report-2019.pdf; 
(c) the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of BOIG for the six months ended 30 June 
2021, 
including 
the 
notes 
thereto, 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at  
https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/app/uploads/HoldCo-Interim-Report-2021-Web.pdf; 
(d) the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of BOI for the six months ended 30 June 2021, 
including 
the 
notes 
thereto, 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/app/uploads/GovCo-Interim-Report-2021-Web.pdf; 
(e) the Pillar 3 disclosures of the BOIG Group for the year ended 31 December 2020, which can be viewed 
online at https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/app/uploads/Pillar-3-Bank-of-Ireland-Group-
plc-31-December-2020.xlsx;  
(f) 
the terms and conditions contained in the previous Information Memorandum dated 11 February 2005, 
pages 20 to 43 (inclusive), prepared by BOI in connection with the Programme, which can be viewed 
online at https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/app/uploads/ENP_Information-Memorandum-
February-2005.pdf; 
(g) the terms and conditions contained in the previous Prospectus dated 20 December 2011, pages 110 to 
168 (inclusive), prepared by BOI in connection with the Programme, which can be viewed online at          
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_6e597fb7-d35d-44f5-a38f-8db6002d97fa.pdf; 
(h) the terms and conditions contained in the previous Prospectus dated 11 August 2017, pages 94 to 126 
(inclusive), prepared by BOI and BOIG in connection with the Programme, which can be viewed online 
at 
https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/app/uploads/%E2%82%AC25bn-Euro-Note-
Programme-Prospectus-Supplement-dated-11-August-2017.pdf; 
(i) 
the terms and conditions contained in the previous Prospectus dated 7 August 2018, pages 76 to 113 
(inclusive), prepared by BOI and BOIG in connection with the Programme, which can be viewed online 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_ae5f35c1-fce4-4032-8214-
4e18055a345e.pdf;  
(j) 
the terms and conditions contained in the previous Prospectus dated 21 June 2019, pages 81 to 123 
(inclusive), prepared by BOI and BOIG in connection with the Programme, which can be viewed online 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_403bba19-6a74-46d1-b024-
6346ae87d903.PDF; and 
(k) the terms and conditions contained in the previous Prospectus dated 28 August 2020, pages 86 to 130 
(inclusive), prepared by BOI and BOIG in connection with the Programme, which can be viewed online 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_7dfd052c-6b8e-438f-a557-45569980f0e5.pdf.   
Following the publication of this Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and approved by 
the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this 
Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor 
or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
References in this Prospectus or any documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus to websites are 
made for information purposes only and the contents of those websites (save for the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus) do not form part of this Prospectus. 
The Issuers will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, prepare supplementary 
Listing Particulars in accordance with the Rules of Euronext Dublin (in respect of Exempt Notes) or publish a 
new Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, the Issuers may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency and having a minimum maturity of one 
month, subject as set out herein. A summary of the terms and conditions of the Programme and the Notes appears 
below. The applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes endorsed on, or 
incorporated by reference into, the Notes, as completed by the applicable Final Terms or (in case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement attached to, or endorsed on, such Notes, as more fully described under “Form of the Notes” 
below. Each such Final Terms in respect of Notes to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and each such Pricing Supplement in respect of Exempt 
Notes to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on the Global Exchange Market will be 
delivered as appropriate to Euronext Dublin prior to the date of issue of such Notes. 
This Prospectus and any supplement will only be valid for issues of Notes in an aggregate nominal amount, 
when added to the aggregate nominal amount then outstanding of all Notes previously or simultaneously issued 
under the Programme, does not exceed €25,000,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies. For the purpose of 
calculating the euro equivalent of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes issued under the Programme from time 
to time: 
(a) the euro equivalent of Notes denominated in another Specified Currency (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, Pricing Supplement in relation to the relevant Notes and as 
described under “Form of the Notes”) shall be determined, at the discretion of the relevant Issuer, either 
as of the date on which agreement is reached for the issue of Notes or on the preceding day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London, in each case on the 
basis of the spot rate for the sale of euro against the purchase of such Specified Currency in the London 
foreign exchange market quoted by any leading bank selected by the relevant Issuer on the relevant 
day of calculation; and 
(b) the euro equivalent of Dual Currency Notes, Index Linked Notes and Partly Paid Notes (all of which 
shall be Exempt Notes) shall be calculated in the manner specified above by reference to the original 
nominal amount on issue of those Notes (in the case of Partly Paid Notes regardless of the amount of 
the subscription price paid); and 
(c) the euro equivalent of Zero Coupon Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the 
relevant Notes) and other Notes issued at a discount or premium shall be calculated in the manner 
specified above by reference to the net proceeds received by the relevant Issuer for the relevant issue.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to “applicable 
Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered 
form, without interest coupons attached. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) and Registered Notes will be issued outside the United 
States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S. 
Form of the Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a “Temporary Bearer Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global Note (a “Permanent Bearer Global Note” and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a 
“Bearer Global Note”) which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and 
(ii) if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the 
“Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean 
that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for NGNs 
will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal and 
interest (if any) due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
only to the extent that certification (in the form provided for by the relevant clearing system) to the effect that the 
beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any 
U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based 
on the certifications it has received) to the Agent (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below). 
Any reference in this section “Form of the Notes” to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever 
the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system approved 
by the relevant Issuer, the Trustee (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below) and the Agent. 
On and after the Exchange Date interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable free 
of charge upon a request as described therein either for interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note without 
receipts, interest coupons or talons or for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons 
and talons attached. In each case the exchange will be against certification of beneficial ownership as described 
in the first sentence of the immediately preceding paragraph unless such certification has already been given, 
provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer 
Notes.  The “Distribution Compliance Period” expires on the Exchange Date. The “Exchange Date” is the later 
of 40 days after the Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued and 40 days after completion of the distribution of 
the relevant Tranche. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment 
of interest or principal due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes 
is improperly withheld or refused. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below) the Agent 
shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued, the Notes of such Tranche shall be assigned a 
common code and ISIN by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which are different from the common code 
and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until at least the expiry of the Distribution 
Compliance Period applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Permanent 
Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, 
where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached, either (a) at the option of the relevant Issuer who 
may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange or (b) upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. 
For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that the relevant Issuer has been notified that Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason 
of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact 
done so and no alternative clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available. In the event of the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an 
interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and the relevant 
Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. 
Any such exchange shall occur not later than 60 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by 
the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Global Notes and definitive Notes which have an original 
maturity of more than 1 year and which are subject to TEFRA D US Selling Restrictions and on all receipts, 
interest coupons and talons, where applicable, relating to such definitive Notes: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, receipts, interest coupons or talons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer 
Notes, receipts, interest coupons or talons. 
The relevant Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee that Notes may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, other than where such Notes are Exempt 
Notes, a supplement to this Prospectus or a new Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect 
of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
Form of the Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
“Registered Global Note”). Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the 
Registered Global Notes are to be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the “NSS”), a common safekeeper, 
as the case may be for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the 
Common Depositary of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common 
safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global 
Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical 
delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, 
the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are to be so 
held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time 
during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common 
safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS will either by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 5(g)) 
as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes.  None of the Issuers, any Paying Agent, the Trustee or the 
Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries 
made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising 
or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
Date (as defined in Condition 5(g)) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in 
that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event.  For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means the relevant Issuer has been notified that both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business 
or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available. 
The relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange 
Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered 
Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and the relevant Issuer may also 
give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the 
date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except 
in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the 
extent applicable.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are not Exempt 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended or 
superseded, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the European Economic 
Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.][Include if the Final 
Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors” as “Applicable”] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.][Include if the 
Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors” as “Applicable”] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”) and professional clients as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market]. Any distributor should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 
2018”), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes as [prescribed capital markets products (as defined

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products)]/[     ].] 
[Date] 
 
[THE GOVERNOR AND COMPANY OF THE BANK OF IRELAND] 
[BANK OF IRELAND GROUP PLC] 
[Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [Q2GQA2KF6XJ24W42G291 / 635400C8EK6DRI12LJ39] 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Under the €25,000,000,000 
Euro Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
prospectus dated 30 September 2021 (the “Prospectus”) [as supplemented by the supplement[s] to it dated [date] 
[and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. When 
used in these Final Terms, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of  the Prospectus Regulation and must 
be read in conjunction with the Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of 
the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. The Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website of the 
Central Bank of Ireland and at https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/e25bn-euro-note-programme.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Prospectus with an earlier date.]     
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
prospectus dated [11 February 2005 / 20 December 2011 / 11 August 2017 / 7 August 2018 / 21 June 2019 / 28 
August 2020] which are incorporated by reference in the prospectus dated 30 September 2021 (the “Prospectus”). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of  the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus [as supplemented by the supplement[s] to it dated 
[date] [and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
When used in these Final Terms, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Full information 
on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and 
the Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [is] [are] available for viewing at 
https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/e25bn-euro-note-programme/.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics 
denote directions for completing the final terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
[The Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland][Bank 
of Ireland Group plc] 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[             ] 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[             ] 
(iii) Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [    ] on [the Issue Date/the date that is 40 days after 
the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Bearer Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 27 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that Series, 
including the date on which the Notes become fungible) 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[             ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
Tranche: 
[             ] 
 
Series: 
[             ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[             ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date]] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[             ] 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above €100,000 or 
equivalent are being used the following sample wording 
should be followed in the case of Bearer Notes: 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].”) 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[             ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of 
two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[             ] 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[[     ]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – [    ]] 
[Floating rate – Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest 
to [specify month]] 
[Zero coupon – [    ]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[             ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[     ] month [EURIBOR]]/[SONIA] 
 +/– [             ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[[       ] per cent. Fixed Rate until [       ], then calculated in 
accordance with paragraph 16 below] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below, see paragraph 
[15/16/17/18]) 
10. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par 
11. Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable – see Fixed Rate Note Provisions and Fixed 
Rate Reset Note Provisions/Applicable – Fixed Rate 
changing to Floating Rate – see Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
and Floating Rate Note Provisions/Not Applicable] 
12. Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Redemption following a Capital Event] 
 
[Redemption following a Tax Event] 
 
[Redemption following a Loss Absorption Disqualification 
Event] 
 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below, see paragraph 
[19/20/21/22/23])] 
13. [(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred / Senior Non-Preferred / Dated 
Subordinated] 
(Only BOI may issue Senior Non-Preferred Notes under 
the Programme) 
(If the Notes are Dated Subordinated Notes, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(ii)  
Loss Absorption Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes are Senior Non-Preferred Notes, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
(iii) 
Senior Preferred Notes: Waiver of 
Set-off: 
[Applicable - Condition 3(d) applies] / [Not Applicable – 
Condition 3(d) does not apply] 
(If the Notes are Loss Absorption Notes, specify as 
“Applicable”, otherwise specify as “Not Applicable”) 
(iv) 
Senior Preferred Notes: Restricted 
Events of Default: 
[Applicable – Condition 9(b) applies] / [Not Applicable – 
Condition 9(a) applies] 
14. Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[             ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date [subject as provided in paragraph 16 
below] 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[       ] [and [             ]] in each year [from (and including) [   
] up to (and including) the Maturity Date] 
 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons) 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[             ] per Calculation Amount[, payable on [       ]] 
 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[[             ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [             ] / [Not Applicable] 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [30/360] /[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
(vi) [Determination Date(s): 
[             ] in each year / [Not Applicable] 
 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. NB: This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payment dates which are not of equal 
duration 
 
(NB: only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
16. Fixed Rate Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[       ] [and [             ]] in each year [from (and including) [   
] up to (and including) the Maturity Date]

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons) 
(iii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [30/360] /[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
(iv) [Determination Date(s): 
[             ] in each year / [Not Applicable] 
 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. NB: This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payment dates which are not of equal 
duration 
 
NB: only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
(v) Reset Date(s): 
[       ] 
(vi) Subsequent Reset Reference Rate(s): 
[Mid Swaps/Reference Bond] 
(vii) Mid Swap Benchmark Rate: 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/specify][Not Applicable] 
(If specifying a risk-free rate other than SONIA or SOFR 
(for which the Conditions already specify compounding), 
specify if the rate is to be compounded for the Floating Leg 
Swap Duration) 
(viii) Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page: 
[[       ]/Not Applicable] (Delete if Reference Bond 
selected) 
(ix) Floating Leg Swap Duration: 
[       ] 
(x) Fixed Leg Swap Duration: 
[       ] 
(xi) Reset Margin(s): 
[       ] 
(xii) Reset Determination Date(s): 
[       ] 
(xiii) Subsequent Reset Rate Time: 
[       ] 
(xiv) Relevant Financial Centre: 
[       ] 
(xv) First Reset Period Fallback Rate: 
[       ] 
17. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[             ] [in each year from (and including) [     ] up to 
(and including) the Maturity Date, subject in each case to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified below] 
(ii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[             ], subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified below 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(iv) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[             ] / [Not Applicable] 
(v) Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(vi) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent): 
[             ] (the “Calculation Agent”) / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
(vii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 Overnight SONIA Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Relevant Number: 
[5 / [         ]] London Banking Days 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Not Applicable’, delete 
‘Relevant Number’ and complete the remaining bullets 
below) 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Applicable’, insert number of 
days (expected to be five or greater) as the Relevant 
Number, and the remaining bullets below will each be ‘Not 
Applicable’) 
• 
Day Count Fraction: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
• 
Lag Look-back Period: 
[5 / [     ] London Banking Days] [Not Applicable] 
• 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] London Banking Days] [Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 London Banking Days should be 
specified for the Lag Look-back Period or Observation 
Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable) 
 
Reference Rate and Relevant 
Financial Centre(s): 
Reference Rate: [SONIA]/[[             ] month [EURIBOR]] 
Relevant Financial Centre: [London/Brussels] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[   ] [TARGET/[   ]] Business Days [in [     ]] prior to the [   
] day in each Interest Period/each Interest Payment Date] 
[In respect of an Interest Period, the day falling [5]/[    ] 
London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
(or, if applicable, other due date for the payment of interest) 
for such Interest Period][The [first/[      ]] London Banking 
Day falling after the last day of the relevant Observation 
Period [             ] 
 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[             ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fall back provisions appropriately) 
(viii) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[             ] 
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[             ] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
Reset Date: 
[         ]

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of 
the interest period) 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Compounding with Lookback Period: [[     ] Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Compounding with Observation Shift Period: [[     ] 
Observation Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in 
the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Compounding with Lockout Period: [[      ] Lockout Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)]] 
[IOS Compounding]] 
(ix) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(x) Margin(s): 
[+/–] [             ] per cent. per annum 
(xi) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[             ] per cent. per annum 
(xii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[             ] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
[Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling]) 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] 
 
[30E/360] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
[360/360] 
 
[Bond Basis] 
 
[Eurobond Basis] 
18. Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[             ] per cent. per annum 
(ii) Reference Price: 
[             ] 
(iii) Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and late 
payment: 
[Conditions 6(e) and 6(k) apply] 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365]

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
(Consider applicable day count fraction if not U.S. dollar 
denominated) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION, SUBSTITUTION AND VARIATION 
19. (i) Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(In the case of Dated Subordinated Notes or Loss 
Absorption Notes include: “Issuer Call will be subject to 
Condition 6(l)”) 
(ii) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[             ]/[Any day falling in the period commencing on 
(and including) [     ] and ending on ([and including/but 
excluding]) [the [first] Reset Date]/[the Maturity Date]/[   
]] 
(iii) Optional Redemption Amount: 
[             ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. This must always be a cash amount) 
(iv) If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[             ] 
(b) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[             ] 
20. Redemption following a Capital Event 
(Condition 6(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(This item may only be expressed to be Applicable if the 
Notes are Dated Subordinated Notes) 
(i) 
Capital Event for partial exclusion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
21. Redemption 
following 
a Tax 
Event 
(Condition 6(b)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
22. Redemption following a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event (Condition 6(f)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(This item may only be expressed to be Applicable where 
the Notes are Loss Absorption Notes. If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining subparagraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Loss 
Absorption 
Disqualification 
Event for partial exclusion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[             ]/[Any day falling in the period commencing on 
(and including) [     ] and ending on ([and including/but 
excluding]) [     ] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount: 
[             ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. This must always be a cash amount) 
24. Final Redemption Amount: 
[             ] per Calculation Amount 
25. Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption following a Tax Event, a 
Capital 
Event, 
a 
Loss 
Absorption 
Disqualification Event or on an event of 
default: 
[[             ] per Calculation Amount/Market Value less 
Associated Costs] 
 
26. Substitution and Variation (Condition 
6(m)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(This item may only be specified as Applicable if the Notes 
are Dated Subordinated Notes or Loss Absorption Notes)

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. (i) 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes:] 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable for 
definitive Notes either at the option of the Issuer or upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event.] 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date.] 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable for 
definitive Notes either at the option of the Issuer or upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event] 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in the 
“Form of the Notes” section in the Prospectus and the 
Notes themselves. N.B. Need to amend right to exchange 
for definitive Notes to disapply any Noteholder/Issuer 
optional exchange where Notes are expressed to have a 
Specified Denomination of EUR 100,000 or its equivalent 
and integral multiples of another smaller amount, e.g. EUR 
1,000, thereafter in order for Notes to be accepted by the 
clearing 
systems. 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to 
any issue of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes.)] 
 
[Registered Notes:] 
 
[Registered Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary/common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
(ii) New Global Note/New Safekeeping 
Structure: 
[New Global Note][New Safekeeping Structure][Not 
Applicable] 
28. Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[    ]] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment 
and not Interest Period end dates) 
29. Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be made 
/No] 
30. Governing Law: 
[English Law Notes][Irish Law Notes] 
 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on [specify relevant 
regulated market and, if relevant, listing on an official list] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the 
€25,000,000,000 Euro Note Programme of The Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland and Bank of Ireland 
Group plc. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [Relevant third party 
information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify 
source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading]. 
Signed on behalf of [The Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland][Bank of Ireland Group plc]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
By:  .................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List of 
[Euronext Dublin/[insert any relevant green or sustainable 
bond segment]] and trading on [the regulated market of 
[Euronext Dublin/[insert any relevant green or sustainable 
bond segment]] with effect from [   ].] / [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be listed on [specify relevant Official List] and 
admitted to trading on [specify relevant regulated market] 
with effect from [   ].] / [Not Applicable*] 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[             ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[Not Applicable] / [The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal 
name of the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating. Include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.) 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating agency 
entity] is established in the [European Union] and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the “CRA Regulation”).  [As such [insert the 
legal name of the relevant credit rating agency entity] is 
included in the list of credit ratings agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with such Regulation.][The rating 
[insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating agency 
entity] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert the 
legal name of the relevant UK credit rating agency entity], 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EEA credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the European 
Economic Area and is not registered in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation.  [[Insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-EEA credit rating agency entity] is therefore not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation.] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EEA credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the European 
Economic Area and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”). The ratings [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EEA-registered credit rating agency entity] in accordance 
                                                     
* Where “Not Applicable” is specified, no application has been made to have the Notes listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
with the CRA Regulation.  [Insert the legal name of the 
relevant EEA-registered credit rating agency entity] is 
established in the [European Economic Area] and 
registered under the CRA Regulation.[As such [insert the 
legal name of the relevant EEA credit rating agency entity] 
is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation.]]  
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EEA credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the European 
Economic Area and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”) but it [is]/[has applied to be] certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation[[[EITHER:] and it is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation] [[OR:] 
although notification of the corresponding certification 
decision has not yet been provided by the relevant 
competent authority and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EEA credit rating agency entity] is not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation]. 
[[Insert legal name of the relevant credit rating agency] is 
established in the [European Economic Area] and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”), 
although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the relevant 
competent authority [and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency] is not included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation]. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business]. 
 
4. 
YIELD (Insert for Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[         ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus]/[The Notes 
are intended to be issued as Sustainable Notes and an 
amount equal to the net proceeds will be used [to 
invest in Sustainable Notes issued by BOI. An 
amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue of 
Sustainable Notes by BOI is intended to be used – 
include if BOIG issuance] by BOI for the purposes of 
financing and/or refinancing Eligible Assets as

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
described in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, 
which is available on the website of the Issuer 
alongside the Second Party Opinion. The Issuer’s 
Green Bond Framework, the Second Party Opinion 
and (save for information expressly incorporated by 
reference in the Prospectus as set out in the 
Prospectus, as supplemented) the contents of the 
Issuer’s website do not form part of this document or 
the Prospectus and are not incorporated by reference 
in this document or the Prospectus.]/[give details] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in 
the Prospectus, give details) 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds 
[    ] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[    ]] 
(ii) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[    ] 
(iii) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[    ]] 
(iv) If non-syndicated, name and address 
of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[    ]] 
(v) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic Area Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN:  
[          ] 
(ii) Common Code: 
[          ] 
(iii) CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[    ]] 
(vi) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) Name and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[          ] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
(viii) Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[          ] 
(ix) Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for Registered Notes which 
are to be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life.  Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]/ 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper][include this text for 
Registered Notes].  Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
(x) Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope 
of the Benchmarks Regulation]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[    ] has been extracted from [    ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [      ], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
EXEMPT NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes, 
whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL 
INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU as amended or superseded, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
European Economic Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.][Include if the Pricing Supplement specifies “Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail 
Investors” as “Applicable”] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.][Include if the 
Pricing Supplement specifies “Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors” as “Applicable”] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”) and professional clients as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
2018”), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes as [prescribed capital markets products (as defined 
in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products)]/[     ].] 
[Date] 
[THE GOVERNOR AND COMPANY OF THE BANK OF IRELAND] 
[BANK OF IRELAND GROUP PLC] 
[Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [Q2GQA2KF6XJ24W42G291 / 635400C8EK6DRI12LJ39] 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Under the €25,000,000,000 
Euro Note Programme 
PART A  – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such offer. 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document must be 
read in conjunction with the prospectus dated 30 September 2021 (the “Prospectus”) [as supplemented by the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] “Listing Particulars” for the purposes 
of the admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the Global Exchange 
Market. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of this Pricing Supplement and the Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [is] 
[are] available for viewing at https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/e25bn-euro-note-programme/.] 
[The following language is to be included only if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Prospectus with an earlier date.]     
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
prospectus dated [11 February 2005 / 20 December 2011 / 11 August 2017 / 7 August 2018 / 21 June 2019 / 28 
August 2020] which are incorporated by reference in the Prospectus.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics 
denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
[The Governor and Company of the Bank of 
Ireland][Bank of Ireland Group plc] 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[             ] 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[             ] 
(iii) Date on which the Notes will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [    ] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Bearer Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 29 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of 
that Series, including the date on which the 
Notes become fungible) 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[             ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
 
Tranche: 
[             ] 
 
Series: 
[             ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[             ] per cent. of the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest 
from [insert date]] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[             ] 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[             ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert 
the Specified Denomination. 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. Note: 
There must be a common factor in the case 
of two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[             ] 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[[     ]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will 
not be relevant for certain Notes, for 
example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – [    ]] 
[Floating rate – Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to [specify month]] 
[Zero coupon – [    ]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[             ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/– [     ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[[       ] per cent. Fixed Rate until [       ], 
then 
calculated 
in 
accordance 
with 
paragraph 16 below] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[Index Linked Interest] 
 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
 
[specify other] 
 
(further particulars specified below, see 
paragraph [15/16/17/18/19/20]) 
10. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
[Partly Paid] 
[Instalment] 
[specify other] 
11. Change of Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change 
of Notes into another Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment 
Basis/Not 
Applicable] 
12. Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Redemption following a Capital Event] 
 
[Redemption following a Tax Event] 
 
[Redemption following a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[(further particulars specified below, see 
paragraph [21/22/23/24/25])]

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
13. [(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred / Senior Non-Preferred / 
Dated Subordinated] 
(Only BOI may issue Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes under the Programme) 
(If the Notes are Dated Subordinated Notes, 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(ii)  
Loss Absorption Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes are Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph)  
(iii) 
Senior Preferred Notes: Waiver of Set-off: 
[Applicable - Condition 3(d) applies] / [Not 
Applicable – Condition 3(d) does not apply] 
(If the Notes are Loss Absorption Notes, 
specify as “Applicable”, otherwise specify 
as “Not Applicable”) 
(iv) 
Senior Preferred Notes: Restricted Events of 
Default: 
[Applicable – Condition 9(b) applies] / [Not 
Applicable – Condition 9(a) applies] 
14. Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[             ] per cent. per annum payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date 
[subject as provided in paragraph 16 below] 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[       ] [and [             ]] in each year [from 
(and including) [      ]  up to (and including) 
the Maturity Date] 
 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the 
case of long or short coupons) 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[             ] per Calculation Amount[, payable 
on [       ]] 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[[             ] per Calculation Amount, payable 
on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[             ] / [Not Applicable] 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
/ 
[30/360] 
/[Actual/365 (Fixed)] /[specify other] 
(vi) [Determination Date(s): 
[             ] in each year / [Not Applicable] 
 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
NB: This will need to be amended in the case 
of regular interest payment dates which are 
not of equal duration 
 
(NB: only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
(vii) Other terms relating to the method of calculating 
interest for Fixed Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Notes: 
[None/ give details]

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
16. Fixed Rate Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[       ] [and [             ]] in each year [from 
(and including) [       ] up to (and including) 
the Maturity Date] 
 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the 
case of long or short coupons) 
(iii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
/ 
[30/360] 
/[Actual/365 (Fixed)] /[specify other] 
(iv) [Determination Date(s): 
[             ] in each year / [Not Applicable] 
 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
NB: This will need to be amended in the case 
of regular interest payment dates which are 
not of equal duration 
 
NB: only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
(v) Reset Date(s): 
[       ] 
(vi) Subsequent Reset Reference Rate(s): 
[Mid Swaps/Reference Bond] 
(vii) Mid Swap Benchmark Rate: 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/specify][Not 
Applicable] 
(If specifying a risk-free rate other than 
SONIA or SOFR (for which the Conditions 
already specify compounding), specify if the 
rate is to be compounded for the Floating 
Leg Swap Duration) 
(viii) Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page: 
[[       ]/Not Applicable] (Delete if Reference 
Bond selected) 
(ix) Floating Leg Swap Duration: 
[       ] 
(x) Fixed Leg Swap Duration: 
[       ] 
(xi) Reset Margin(s): 
[       ] 
(xii) Reset Determination Date(s): 
[       ] 
(xiii) Subsequent Reset Rate Time: 
[       ] 
(xiv) Relevant Financial Centre: 
[       ] 
(xv) First Reset Period Fallback Rate: 
[        ] 
(xvi) Other terms relating to the method of calculating 
interest for Fixed Rate Reset Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[None/ give details] 
17. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[             ] [in each year from (and including) 
[     ] up to (and including) the Maturity Date, 
subject in each case to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention specified below]

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
(ii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[             ], 
subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention specified below 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(iv) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[             ] / [Not Applicable] 
(v) Manner in which the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount is to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other] 
(vi) Party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount (if not the Agent): 
[             ] (the “Calculation Agent”) / [Not 
Applicable] 
(vii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Overnight SONIA Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Relevant Number: 
[5 / [         ]] London Banking Days 
(If 
‘Index 
Determination’ 
is 
‘Not 
Applicable’, delete ‘Relevant Number’ and 
complete the remaining bullets below) 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Applicable’, 
insert number of days (expected to be five or 
greater) as the Relevant Number, and the 
remaining bullets below will each be ‘Not 
Applicable’) 
• 
Day Count Fraction: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
• 
Observation Method: 
 
[Lag/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
• 
Lag Look-back Period: 
[5 / [     ] London Banking Days] [Not 
Applicable] 
• 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] London Banking Days] [Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 London Banking Days 
should be specified for the Lag Look-back 
Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable) 
 
Reference Rate and Relevant Financial Centre(s): 
[SONIA]/[[     ] month [EURIBOR/specify 
other Reference Rate]].  (Either LIBOR, 
EURIBOR or other, although additional 
information is required if other, including 
fallback provisions.) 
Relevant Financial Centre: [      ] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[   ] [TARGET/[   ]] Business Days [in [     ]] 
prior to the [    ] day in each Interest 
Period/each Interest Payment Date] [In 
respect of an Interest Period, the day falling 
[5]/[    ] London Banking Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date (or, if applicable,

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
other due date for the payment of interest) 
for such Interest Period][The [first/[      ]] 
London Banking Day falling after the last 
day of the relevant Observation Period ] 
[             ] 
 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[             ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which 
shows a composite rate or amend the fall 
back provisions appropriately) 
(viii) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[             ] 
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option 
included in the Floating Rate Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[             ] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not 
relevant where the relevant Floating Rate 
Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
Reset Date: 
[              ]  
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the 
first day of the interest period) 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
items of this subparagraph) 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Compounding with Lookback Period: [[     ] 
Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in 
the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift 
Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: [[     ] Observation Period Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix 
(as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Compounding with Lockout Period: [[     ] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)]]

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
[IOS Compounding]] 
(ix) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the rate of 
interest for the [long/short] [first/last] 
Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short 
or long interest period)] 
(x) Margin(s): 
[+/–] [             ] per cent. per annum 
(xi) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[             ] per cent. per annum 
(xii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[             ] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
[Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling]) 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] 
 
[30E/360] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
[360/360] 
 
[Bond Basis] 
 
[Eurobond Basis] 
 
[specify other] 
(xiv) Fallback provisions, rounding provisions and any 
other terms relating to the method of calculating 
interest on Floating Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Notes, if different from those set out in the 
Conditions: 
[        ] [Not Applicable] 
18. Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[             ] per cent. per annum 
(ii) Reference Price: 
[             ] 
(iii) Any other formula/basis of determining amount 
payable for Zero Coupon Notes which are Exempt 
Notes: 
[             ] 
(iv) Day Count Fraction in relation to Early Redemption 
Amounts and late payment: 
[Conditions 6(e) and 6(k) apply] 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[specify other] 
(Consider applicable day count fraction if 
not U.S. dollar denominated) 
19. Index Linked Interest Note 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index/Formula: 
[give or annex details] 
[Index Linked Interest Notes may include 
(without 
limitation) 
Notes 
Linked 
to 
Constant Maturity Swap rates or Notes 
linked to a rate of inflation] 
[Where the Index/Formula is a basket of 
underlyings, include ‘Disclosure of the

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
relevant weightings of each underlying in 
the basket’] 
[Include ‘Final Reference Date’ and 
‘Exercise Price’ if required] 
(ii) Calculation Agent 
[give name] 
(iii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest 
(if not the Calculation Agent) and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent): 
[          ] 
(iv) Provisions 
for 
determining 
Coupon 
where 
calculation by reference to Index and/or Formula is 
impossible or impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events 
and adjustment provisions] 
(v) Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[          ] [in each year from (and including) [   
] up to (and including) the Maturity Date, 
subject in each case to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention specified below] 
(vi) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention/specify 
other] 
(vii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(viii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(ix) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(x) Day Count Fraction: 
[          ] 
20. Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate of Exchange/method of calculating Rate of 
Exchange: 
[give or annex details] 
(ii) Party, if any, responsible for calculating the principal 
and/or interest due (if not the Agent): 
[          ] (the “Calculation Agent”) 
(iii) Provisions applicable where calculation by reference 
to Rate of Exchange impossible or impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events 
and adjustment provisions] 
(iv) Person at whose option Specified Currency(ies) 
is/are payable: 
[          ] 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION, SUBSTITUTION AND VARIATION 
21. (i) Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(In the case of Dated Subordinated Notes or 
Loss Absorption Notes include: “Issuer Call 
will be subject to Condition 6(l)”) 
(ii) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[             ]/[Any day falling in the period 
commencing on (and including) [     ] and 
ending on ([and including/but excluding]) 
[the [first] Reset Date]/[the Maturity Date]/[   
]]

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
(iii) Optional Redemption Amount and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount/specify 
other/see Appendix] 
(iv) If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[             ] 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[             ] 
22. Redemption following a Capital Event (Condition 6(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(This item may only be expressed to be 
Applicable 
if 
the 
Notes 
are 
Dated 
Subordinated Notes) 
(i) 
Capital Event for partial exclusion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. Redemption following a Tax Event (Condition 6(b)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
24. Redemption following a Loss Absorption Disqualification 
Event (Condition 6(f)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(This item may only be expressed to be 
Applicable where the Notes are Loss 
Absorption Notes. If Not Applicable, delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraph 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Loss Absorption Disqualification Event for partial 
exclusion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
25. Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[             ]/[Any day falling in the period 
commencing on (and including) [     ] and 
ending on ([and including/but excluding]) [   
] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount/specify 
other/see Appendix] 
26. Final Redemption Amount: 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount/specify 
other/see Appendix] 
27. Early Redemption Amount payable on redemption 
following a Tax Event, a Capital Event, a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event or on an event of default: 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount/Market 
Value 
less 
Associated 
Costs/specify 
other/see Appendix] 
28. Substitution and Variation (Condition 6(m)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(This item may only be specified as 
Applicable 
if 
the 
Notes 
are 
Dated 
Subordinated Notes or Loss Absorption 
Notes) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
29. (i) 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes:] 
[Temporary 
Bearer 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer 
Global Note which is exchangeable for 
definitive Notes either at the option of the 
Issuer or upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event.] 
 
[Temporary 
Bearer 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for definitive Notes on and 
after the Exchange Date.]

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note which is 
exchangeable for definitive Notes either at 
the option of the Issuer or upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event] 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the 
wording in the “Form of the Notes” section 
in the Prospectus and the Notes themselves. 
N.B. Need to amend right to exchange for 
definitive 
Notes 
to 
disapply 
any 
Noteholder/Issuer optional exchange where 
Notes are expressed to have a Specified 
Denomination of EUR 100,000 or its 
equivalent and integral multiples of another 
smaller amount, e.g. EUR 1,000, thereafter 
in order for Notes to be accepted by the 
clearing 
systems. 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified Denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issue of Notes 
which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary 
Global 
Bearer 
Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
 
[Registered Notes:] 
 
[Registered Global Note registered in the 
name of a nominee for a common 
depositary/common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
(ii) New Global Note/New Safekeeping Structure: 
[New 
Global 
Note][New 
Safekeeping 
Structure][Not Applicable] 
30. Additional Financial Centre(s) or other special provisions 
relating to Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/[    ]] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date 
of payment and not Interest Period end 
dates) 
31. Talons for future Coupons to be attached to definitive 
Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, Talons may be required 
if, on exchange into definitive form, more 
than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made /No] 
32. Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: amount of each 
payment comprising the Issue Price and date on which 
each payment is to be made and consequences of failure 
to pay, including any right of the Issuer to forfeit the Notes 
and interest due on late payment. 
[Not Applicable/give details.  N.B. A new 
form of Temporary Bearer Global Note 
and/or Permanent Bearer Global Note or 
Registered Global Note may be required for 
Partly Paid issues] 
33. Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[give details] 
(ii) Instalment Date(s): 
[give details] 
34. Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
35. Governing Law: 
[English Law Notes][Irish Law Notes] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [The Issuer confirms that such information has been

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify 
source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading]. 
Signed on behalf of [The Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland][Bank of Ireland Group plc] 
 
By:  .................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
PART B  – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin and trading on Global Exchange Market with effect 
from [   ] [insert any relevant green or sustainable bond 
segment].] / [Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on [specify 
relevant Official List] and admitted to trading on [specify 
market - note this should not be a regulated market] with 
effect from [   ] [insert any relevant green or sustainable 
bond segment].] / [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[Not Applicable] / [The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal 
name of the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating. Include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.) 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating agency 
entity] is established in the [European Union] and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the “CRA Regulation”).  [As such [insert the 
legal name of the relevant credit rating agency entity] is 
included in the list of credit ratings agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with such Regulation.][The rating 
[insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating agency 
entity] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert the 
legal name of the relevant UK credit rating agency entity], 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EEA credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the European 
Economic Area and is not registered in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation.  [[Insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-EEA credit rating agency entity] is therefore not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation.] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EEA credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the European 
Economic Area and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”). The ratings [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EEA-registered credit rating agency entity] in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation.  [Insert the legal name of the 
relevant EEA-registered credit rating agency entity] is 
established in the [European Economic Area] and 
registered under the CRA Regulation.[As such [insert the

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
legal name of the relevant EEA credit rating agency entity] 
is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation.]]  
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EEA credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the European 
Economic Area and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”) but it [is]/[has applied to be] certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation[[[EITHER:] and it is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation] [[OR:] 
although notification of the corresponding certification 
decision has not yet been provided by the relevant 
competent authority and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EEA credit rating agency entity] is not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation]. 
[[Insert legal name of the relevant credit rating agency] is 
established in the [European Economic Area] and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”), 
although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the relevant 
competent authority [and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency] is not included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation].  
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business]. 
 
4. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[    ]] 
(ii) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[    ]] 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name and address 
of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[    ]] 
(iv) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(v) Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to be 
relevant for certain structured Notes, such as commodity-
linked Notes) 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic Area Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products, 
“Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
5. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus]/[The Notes are 
intended to be issued as Sustainable Notes and an amount 
equal to the net proceeds will be used [to invest in 
Sustainable Notes issued by BOI. An amount equal to the 
net proceeds from the issue of Sustainable Notes by BOI is 
intended to be used – include if BOIG issuance] by BOI for 
the purposes of financing and/or refinancing Eligible 
Assets as described in the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework, which is available on the website of the Issuer 
alongside the Second Party Opinion. The Issuer’s Green 
Bond Framework, the Second Party Opinion and (save for 
information expressly incorporated by reference in the 
Prospectus as set out in the Prospectus, as supplemented) 
the contents of the Issuer’s website do not form part of this 
document or the Prospectus and are not incorporated by 
reference in this document or the Prospectus.]/[give 
details]1  
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF INDEX/FORMULA, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF 
INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
UNDERLYING 
[Need to insert link or give other indication of where information on past and future performance and 
volatility of the index/formula can be obtained.] 
[Description of the settlement procedure of derivative securities.] 
[Description of how any return on derivative securities takes place, the payment or delivery date and the way 
it is calculated.] 
[If there is a derivative component in the interest or the securities are derivative securities, need to include 
a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is affected by the underlying and 
the circumstances when the risks are most evident.] 
7. 
PERFORMANCE OF RATE[S] OF EXCHANGE AND EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE 
OF INVESTMENT  
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the relevant rate[s] can be 
obtained.] 
[Description of the settlement procedure of the derivative securities.] 
[Description of how any return on derivative securities takes place, the payment or delivery date and the way 
it is calculated.] 
[If there is a derivative component in the interest or the securities are derivative securities, need to include 
a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is affected by the underlying and 
the circumstances when the risks are most evident.] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN:  
[          ] 
(ii) Common Code: 
[          ] 
(iii) CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
                                                     
1 Intended to be used for disclosure in respect of Sustainable Notes – item can be deleted if no other reason to provide disclosure to 
investors.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s) 
[Not Applicable/[    ]] 
(vi) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) Name and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[          ] / [Not Applicable] 
(viii) Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[          ] 
(ix) Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for Registered Notes which 
are to be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life.  Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]/ 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, 
and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include this text for 
Registered Notes].  Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
(x) Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope 
of the Benchmarks Regulation]/[Not Applicable] 
(xi)  Settlement Procedures: 
[Not Applicable] [give details]

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
[APPENDIX TO THE PRICING SUPPLEMENT] 
[Insert additional terms and conditions for Exempt Notes if needed, Index Linked Interest Notes may include 
(without limitation) Notes Linked to Constant Maturity Swap rates or Notes linked to a rate of inflation]

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following (other than the text in italicised font, which is descriptive only) are the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to be issued by the relevant Issuer which (subject to completion and amendment) will be incorporated 
by reference into each global Note and each definitive Note if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue but, if 
not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and 
Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other 
terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms 
and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes.  The 
applicable Final Terms (as defined below) in relation to any Tranche of Notes will complete the following Terms 
and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each temporary global Note, permanent global Note and definitive Note. 
Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will 
specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by, as specified hereon, The Governor and 
Company of the Bank of Ireland (“BOI”) or Bank of Ireland Group plc (“BOIG”) constituted by a Trust Deed 
(as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Trust Deed”) dated 28 July 1995 made 
between the Issuers and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the “Trustee”, which expression shall 
include any successor as trustee). References in these Terms and Conditions to the “Issuer” or the “relevant 
Issuer” shall mean (i) where BOI is specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below) as the issuer of the 
Notes, BOI and (ii) where BOIG is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the issuer of the Notes, BOIG. 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series (as defined below) and shall 
mean: 
(i)  
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii)  
any Global Note (which may be in bearer form (a “Bearer Global Note”) or registered form (a 
“Registered Global Note”));  
(iii) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) issued in exchange for a Bearer Global Note; 
and  
(iv)  
any definitive Notes in registered form (“Registered Notes”) (whether or not issued in exchange for 
a Registered Global Note). 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) also have the benefit of an 
amended and restated Agency Agreement (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
the “Agency Agreement”) dated 30 September 2021 and made among the Issuers, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the “Agent”, which expression shall include 
any successor agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the other paying agent named therein (together 
with the Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), 
Citibank Europe Plc as registrar (the “Registrar”, which expression shall include any successor registrar) and a 
transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the “Transfer Agents”, 
which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents). The Agent, the Calculation Agent (if 
any is specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Registrar, the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents are 
together referred to as the “Agents”. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note (the “applicable Final Terms”) which complete these Terms and Conditions 
(the “Conditions”) and, in the case of a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation (an “Exempt Note”), the final terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement attached to or endorsed on this Note (the 
“applicable Pricing Supplement”) and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of 
this Note.   
Any references in the Conditions to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to 
“applicable Pricing Supplement” where relevant.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have 
interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons 
(“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Exempt Notes in definitive bearer form which are 
repayable in instalments have receipts (“Receipts”) for the payment of the instalments of principal (other than the 
final instalment) attached on issue.  Registered Notes and Global Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
attached on issue. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the “Noteholders” (which expression shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the holders of the Notes, (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are 
registered and, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, shall be construed as provided below), the 
holders of the Receipts (the “Receiptholders”) and the holders of the Coupons (the “Couponholders”, which 
expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the 
provisions of the Trust Deed. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and 
“Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which (i) are issued 
by the same Issuer, (ii) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (iii) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the form of the Final Terms and each Final Terms (i) are 
available for inspection during normal business hours at the registered office of each of the Trustee (being at 30 
September 2021 at Eighth Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG), the Agent and the other Paying Agents 
or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to the Trustee or any Paying 
Agent, in each case upon provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee or the 
relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, save that if this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement will only be available for inspection, and copies may only be obtained, by a Noteholder holding one 
or more Notes of that Series and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Trustee or the relevant 
Paying Agent as to identity. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have 
notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement 
and the Trust Deed, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement 
or the Trust Deed and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, “euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the case 
of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the “Specified Currency”) and the denomination (the 
“Specified Denomination(s)”) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination 
may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for 
Registered Notes and vice versa. 
This Note is a Senior Preferred Note, a Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Dated Subordinated Note, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Fixed Rate 
Reset Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis 
shown in the applicable Final Terms and the appropriate provisions of these Terms and Conditions will apply 
accordingly. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Fixed Rate 
Reset Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Interest Note or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement and the 
appropriate provisions of these Terms and Conditions will apply accordingly.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an Instalment 
Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending 
upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement and the appropriate provisions 
of these Terms and Conditions will apply accordingly. 
Notes in definitive bearer form are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to 
the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. The Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent may to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law deem and 
treat the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the 
absolute owner thereof (whether or not the same are overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or 
writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes and no person shall be liable for so 
treating such holder but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next 
succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such 
Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error) shall be deemed to be and shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and any other Agent as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal 
or interest on the Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder 
of the relevant Registered Global Note (or the Trustee in accordance with the Trust Deed) shall be treated by the 
Issuer, the Trustee, and any Agent as the holder of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the 
relevant Global Note (and the expressions “Noteholder”, “holder” (in relation to any Note) and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly). Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable 
only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits but not in 
the case of notes indicated in the applicable Final Terms as being in NGN form, be deemed to include a reference 
to any additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer, the Trustee and the Agent. 
2. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in 
such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such interests.  A beneficial interest in a 
Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be 
transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same 
series only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the 
rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement.   
(b) Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(c) below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the 
Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in 
part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms).  In order to effect any such transfer 
(A) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered 
Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of 
transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised 
in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent 
and (B) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title 
and the identity of the person making the request.  Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations 
as the Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set 
out in a Schedule to the Agency Agreement).  Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the 
specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required 
to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the 
authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by 
uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like 
aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred.  In the 
case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form 
in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the 
risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
(c) Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 6, the Issuer shall not be required to register 
the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
(d) Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer as 
provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that 
the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge 
that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3. 
Status of the Notes 
(a) Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 3(a) applies if the applicable Final Terms specifies the ‘Status of the Notes’ as being ‘Senior 
Preferred’ (in which case, this Note is a “Senior Preferred Note”).  
The Senior Preferred Notes and the Receipts and Coupons relating thereto (if any) constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves and (save for certain debts required to be preferred by law) at least equally with all other 
Ordinary Unsecured Debts of the Issuer from time to time outstanding.  
Accordingly, subject to the Ranking Legislation, the Senior Preferred Notes and any relative Receipts and 
Coupons form part of the class of Ordinary Unsecured Debts of the Issuer under the Ranking Legislation. 
(b) Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be issued on terms such that they (i) have an original contractual 
maturity of at least one year and (ii) are not derivatives and contain no embedded derivatives for the purposes of 
section 1428A(1)(c)(ii) of the Companies Act. 
This Condition 3(b) applies if the Notes are issued by BOI and the applicable Final Terms specifies the 
‘Status of the Notes’ as being ‘Senior Non-Preferred’ (in which case, this Note is a “Senior Non-Preferred 
Note”). Senior Non-Preferred Notes will not be Instalment Notes. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Coupons relating thereto (if any) constitute direct, unconditional 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and, subject to the Ranking Legislation, constitute Secondary Unsecured 
Debts of the Issuer in accordance with subparagraphs 1(c)(i) to 1(c)(iii) of section 1428A of the Companies Act 
and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
Accordingly, subject to the Ranking Legislation, claims in respect of principal, interest and any other amount 
(including, without limitation, any damages awarded for breach of the Issuer’s obligations) in respect of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and any relative Coupons will, in the event of the winding-up of the Issuer, rank as provided 
for Secondary Unsecured Debts in the Ranking Legislation, and therefore: 
(i) 
junior in right of payment to all Senior Claims; 
(ii) pari passu with all other Secondary Unsecured Claims; and 
(iii) in priority to all Subordinated Claims.  
(c) Dated Subordinated Notes

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
This Condition 3(c) applies if the applicable Final Terms specifies the ‘Status of the Notes’ as being ‘Dated 
Subordinated’ (in which case, this Note is a “Dated Subordinated Note”).  Dated Subordinated Notes will not 
be Instalment Notes. 
The Dated Subordinated Notes and the Coupons relating thereto (if any) constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, subordinated as described below, and rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves.  
Accordingly, subject to the Ranking Legislation, the Dated Subordinated Notes and any relative Coupons 
form part of the class of Subordinated Debts of the Issuer, and the claims of the holders of Dated Subordinated 
Notes and the Coupons (if any) relating thereto (including any claims for damages in respect thereof) will, in the 
event of the winding-up of the Issuer: 
(i) 
be subordinated in right of payment in the manner provided in the Ranking Legislation and the Trust 
Deed to (x) all Senior Claims, (y) all Secondary Unsecured Claims and (z) any Subordinated Claims 
(if any) which rank, or are expressed to rank, in priority to claims in respect of the Dated 
Subordinated Notes; 
(ii)  
rank at least pari passu with the claims in respect of all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, 
or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 
instruments of the Issuer; and  
(iii) 
rank in priority to (1) the claims in respect of all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would 
but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 1 instruments of the 
Issuer, (2) the claims in respect of all undated or perpetual subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(other than any such obligations which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu with, or in priority 
to, the Dated Subordinated Notes), (3) the claims in respect of all classes of share capital of the 
Issuer and (4) the claims in respect of all other obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed 
to rank, junior to the Dated Subordinated Notes. 
(d) Waiver of Set-off 
This Condition 3(d) shall apply to: 
(i) 
all Dated Subordinated Notes;  
(ii) 
all Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(iii) 
any Series of Senior Preferred Notes where the applicable Final Terms specifies “Senior Preferred 
Notes: Waiver of Set-off” to be applicable. 
No holder of a Note, or a Receipt or Coupon relating thereto, may exercise or claim any right of set-off in 
respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with such Note, Receipt or Coupon 
and each such holder shall, by virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of any such Note, Receipt or Coupon, 
be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off. Notwithstanding the provisions of the foregoing sentence, if 
any of the said rights and claims of any holder of any such Note, Receipt or Coupon against the Issuer is discharged 
by set-off, such holder will immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer or, in 
the event of winding-up of the Issuer, the liquidator of the Issuer and accordingly such discharge will be deemed 
not to have taken place, and until such payment is made shall hold an amount equal thereto in trust for the Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the liquidator of the Issuer. 
(e) Certain definitions 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
“2015 Regulations” means S.I. No. 289 of 2015 – European Union (Bank Recovery and Resolution) 
Regulations 2015, as amended (including by the 2019 Regulations) and as may be further amended or superseded 
from time to time; 
“2019 Regulations” means S.I. No. 127 of 2019 – European Union (Bank Recovery and Resolution) 
Regulations 2019, as may be amended or superseded from time to time; 
“Bank Recovery and Resolution Regulations” means the 2015 Regulations and the 2019 Regulations read 
together (and as may be further amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time); 
“Companies Act” means the Companies Act 2014 (No. 38 of 2014) of Ireland, as amended (including by 
the Bank Recovery and Resolution Regulations) and as may be further amended or superseded from time to time;

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
“Competent Authority” means the European Central Bank and/or such successor or other authority having 
for the time being primary supervisory authority and/or responsibility with regards to prudential, conduct and/or 
resolution matters in respect of the Issuer and/or any Regulatory Group of which the Issuer forms part, as may be 
relevant in the context and circumstances; 
“CRD IV” means, collectively, Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (the “Capital Requirements Regulation”), 
Directive 2013/36/EU (the “Capital Requirements Directive”) and any laws or regulations of Ireland 
implementing or transposing any provision of the Capital Requirements Regulation or the Capital Requirements 
Directive, in each case as may be amended or superseded from time to time (including, without limitation, by 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 and Directive (EU) 2019/878); 
“Ordinary Unsecured Debts” means liabilities to unsecured creditors the claims in respect of which, under 
paragraph 1(c) of section 1428A of the Companies Act, rank for payment in a winding-up after claims in respect 
of the liabilities falling within (x) paragraphs 1(a) and (b) of that section and (y) section 621(2) of the Companies 
Act and in priority to claims in respect of the liabilities resulting from debt instruments (as defined in section 
1428A(4) of the Companies Act) which meet the conditions set out in subparagraphs 1(c)(i) to (iii) (inclusive) of 
that section (which, in turn, rank in priority to claims in respect of Subordinated Debts); 
“Ranking Legislation” means the Companies Act, the Bank Recovery and Resolution Regulations and any 
other law or regulation designating or affecting the relative ranking of creditors upon a winding-up or insolvency 
of the Issuer, in each case as may be applicable to the Issuer; 
“Regulatory Capital Requirements” means, at any time, any requirement contained in the law, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy and/or prudential supervision then in effect and 
applicable to the relevant Issuer and/or any Regulatory Group of which the relevant Issuer forms part, including 
(without limitation to the generality of the foregoing), those laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies of Ireland and/or of the Competent Authority and any applicable regulation, directive or other binding 
rules, standards or decisions adopted by the institutions of the European Union (including, without limitation and 
for so long as the same continue to apply to the relevant Issuer and/or any Regulatory Group of which the relevant 
Issuer forms part, CRD IV); 
“Regulatory Group” means, at any time, the (or each) prudential group and/or sub-group of which the 
Issuer forms part under the Regulatory Capital Requirements at such time and/or the (or each) resolution group 
and/or sub-group of which the Issuer forms part under the Loss Absorption Regulations at such time, as may be 
relevant in the context and circumstances (and any such group or sub-group may include the Issuer, any direct or 
indirect parent undertaking of the Issuer and any direct or indirect subsidiary undertakings, participations and 
participating interests of the Issuer from time to time and any other undertakings from time to time consolidated 
with the Issuer, or with which the Issuer is consolidated, for prudential or resolution purposes), in each case applied 
in accordance with the rules and guidance of the Competent Authority then in effect.  
“Secondary Unsecured Claims” means the aggregate amount of all claims admitted to proof in the winding-
up of the Issuer which are claims of creditors in respect of Secondary Unsecured Debts of the Issuer; 
“Secondary Unsecured Debts” means liabilities to unsecured creditors in respect of debt instruments (as 
defined in section 1428A(4) of the Companies Act) which meet the conditions set out in subparagraphs 1(c)(i) to 
(iii) (inclusive) of section 1428A of the Companies Act and accordingly, under paragraphs 1(c) and (d) of that 
section, the claims in respect of which rank for payment in a winding-up after claims in respect of Ordinary 
Unsecured Debts and in priority to claims in respect of Subordinated Debts; 
“Senior Claims” means the aggregate amount of all claims admitted to proof in the winding-up of the Issuer 
which are (i) claims of depositors (if any) of the Issuer; and (ii) claims of creditors in respect of Ordinary 
Unsecured Debts of the Issuer and all other obligations of the Issuer which are preferred by law to Secondary 
Unsecured Debts;  
“Subordinated Claims” means the aggregate amount of all claims admitted to proof in the winding-up of 
the Issuer which are claims in respect of Subordinated Debts of the Issuer; 
“Subordinated Debts” means liabilities in respect of the items listed in subparagraphs (a) to (d) of 
Regulation 87(1) of the 2015 Regulations (including, without limitation, claims in respect of obligations of the 
Issuer which constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 
2 instruments), which are subordinated in the manner set out in section 1428A(1)(d) of the Companies Act; 
“Tier 1 instruments” has the meaning given to it by the Regulatory Capital Requirements from time to 
time; and

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
“Tier 2 instruments” has the meaning given to it by the Regulatory Capital Requirements from time to 
time.  
4. 
Interest 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed Rate Reset Notes, 
Floating Rate Notes or Zero Coupon Notes or, in the case of Exempt Notes, whether a different interest basis 
applies. 
(a) Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year and on the Maturity Date if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, then except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on such date will 
amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate 
of Interest to: 
(A) in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if they are Partly Paid 
Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(B) in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such subunit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount 
of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to 
reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In these Terms and Conditions “Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest in accordance with this Condition 4(a): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) the 
most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or 
(b) in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which the 
Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period divided 
by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number 
of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year;

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
(ii) if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 
360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; and 
(iii) if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
relevant period divided by 365. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Determination Period” means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest 
Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and 
ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b) Interest on Fixed Rate Reset Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Reset Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount: 
(i) 
in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
Reset Date (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, the first Reset Date occurring after the Interest 
Commencement Date), at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; and 
(ii) in respect of the Reset Period (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, each successive Reset Period 
thereafter), at such rate per annum as is equal to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate, as determined by 
the Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date in accordance with this Condition 4(b), 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Dates(s) (as specified in the Final Terms). 
Defined terms 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Day Count Fraction” and related definitions have the meanings given in Condition 4(a). 
“Mid Swap Benchmark Rate” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) 
EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is euro, (ii) SONIA if the Specified Currency is Sterling, or (iii) SOFR if the 
Specified Currency is U.S. dollars, subject in each case as otherwise provided pursuant to Condition 4(f), if 
applicable. 
“Mid Swap Rate” means (subject to Condition 4(f), if applicable) for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean 
of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Duration 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in 
the Specified Currency as determined by the Agent (which, unless the Agent otherwise determines, shall be 
Actual/360 if the Specified Currency is euro or U.S. dollars, or Actual/365 if the Specified Currency is Sterling)) 
of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (a) has a term of 
equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (b) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market, and (c) has a floating leg based on: 
(1) 
(where the Mid Swap Benchmark Rate is EURIBOR) the Mid Swap Benchmark Rate for the Floating Leg 
Swap Duration (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis 
or such other day count basis as is then customary for floating rate payments in euro as determined by the 
Agent);  
(2)  
(where the Mid Swap Benchmark Rate is SONIA), the Mid Swap Benchmark Rate compounded for the 
Floating Leg Swap Duration (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (calculated on an Actual/365 day 
count basis or such other day count basis as is then customary for floating rate payments in pounds Sterling 
as determined by the Agent); 
(3)  
(where the Mid Swap Benchmark Rate is SOFR), the Mid Swap Benchmark Rate compounded for the 
Floating Leg Swap Duration (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (calculated on an Actual/360 day 
count basis or such other day count basis as is then customary for floating rate payments in U.S. dollars as 
determined by the Agent); or

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
(4)  
(where the Mid Swap Benchmark Rate is any other reference rate), the Mid Swap Benchmark Rate 
(compounded, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the Floating Leg Swap Duration (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) (calculated on such day count basis as is then customary for 
floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Agent). 
“Mid Swap Reference Banks” means the principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre of four major 
banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with the Subsequent Reset Reference 
Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
“Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by the state 
responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, and unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment 
bank of international repute as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period 
that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity 
to the relevant Reset Period. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks (selected by the Issuer on the advice of 
an investment bank of international repute), or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities 
dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered yields to 
maturity or interpolated yields to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) for the relevant Reference Bond 
(expressed in each case as a percentage) at or around the Subsequent Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date quoted in writing to the Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
“Reset Determination Date” means for each Reset Period the date as specified in the Final Terms relating 
to such Reset Period on which the rate of interest applying during such Reset Period will be determined. 
“Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the first Reset Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date (if any) if there is only one Reset Period or, if there is more than one Reset Period, each period from (and 
including) one Reset Date (or the first Reset Date) to (but excluding) the next Reset Date up to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date (if any). 
“SOFR” means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as administered or supervised by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York. 
“Subsequent Reset Rate” for any Reset Period means the sum of (i) the applicable Subsequent Reset 
Reference Rate and (ii) the applicable Reset Margin (such sum being converted, if necessary, by the Agent (or 
other party responsible for determining the Subsequent Reset Rate) in line with market convention to a basis (e.g. 
annual, semi-annual, quarterly, etc.) which reflects the frequency of scheduled interest payments on the Notes) 
(rounded to four decimal places, with 0.00005 being rounded down). 
“Subsequent Reset Reference Rate” means either: 
(A) if “Mid Swaps” is specified in the Final Terms, the Mid Swap Rate displayed on the Subsequent Reset 
Rate Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) at or 
around the Subsequent Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date for such Reset 
Period; or 
(B) if “Reference Bond” is specified in the Final Terms, the annual yield to maturity or interpolated yield 
to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the relevant Reference Bond, expressed as a percentage, 
as determined by the Agent as follows on the basis of the Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations provided to the Agent (upon request by or on behalf of the Issuer) by the Reference 
Government Bond Dealers at or around the Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date. 
If four or more Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are so provided, the Reset Reference 
Rate shall be the arithmetic average of such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations after 
excluding the highest (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and lowest (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the lowest) such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations. If only two or three 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are so provided, the Reset Reference Rate shall be the 
arithmetic average of all such quotations.  If only one Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation 
is so provided, the Reset Reference Rate shall be the quotation provided. If no Reference Government 
Bond Dealer Quotations are so provided, the Reset Reference Rate will be (i) in the case of each Reset 
Period other than the first Reset Period, the Reset Reference Rate in respect of the immediately

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
preceding Reset Period or (ii) in the case of the first Reset Period, the “First Reset Period Fallback 
Rate” set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Calculation of interest 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on the Fixed Rate Reset 
Notes for the relevant period by applying the Initial Rate of Interest or the applicable Subsequent Reset Rate (as 
the case may be) to: 
(A) in the case of Fixed Rate Reset Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Reset Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) in the case of Fixed Rate Reset Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate 
Reset Note in definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Fixed Rate Reset Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided 
above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
Fallback for Mid Swap Rate determinations 
If, at any relevant time, a Mid Swap Rate is not displayed on the Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page or such 
page is otherwise unavailable, then (subject to the provisions of Condition 4(f), if applicable), the Agent shall 
request each of the Mid Swap Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the relevant Mid Swap Rate at approximately the Subsequent Reset 
Rate Time on the Reset Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Mid Swap Reference Banks provide 
the Agent with quotations, the Subsequent Reset Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the applicable Reset Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent.  If on any Reset 
Determination Date only one of the Mid Swap Reference Banks provides the Agent with a quotation as provided 
in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Subsequent Reset Rate shall be such quotation plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the applicable Reset Margin (if any), as determined by the Agent. If on any Reset Determination Date 
none of the Mid Swap Reference Banks provides the Agent with a quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Subsequent Reset Rate shall be determined by applying the applicable Reset 
Margin (if any) to a Subsequent Reset Reference Rate equal to (A) the then-latest Mid Swap Rate displayed on 
the Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page prior to the Subsequent Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date, as determined by the Agent in consultation with the Issuer or (B) if this is later (or if the 
Agent, in consultation with the Issuer, is unable to determine the then-latest Mid Swap Rate under (A)) (i) in the 
case of any Reset Period other than the first Reset Period, the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate determined in 
respect of the immediately preceding Reset Period or (ii) in the case of the first Reset Period, the “First Reset 
Period Fallback Rate” set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notification etc. 
The Agent will cause the Subsequent Reset Rate and each Interest Amount for each Reset Period to be 
notified to the Issuer and the Trustee and any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and notice 
thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression 
“London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in London. 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(b) shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Trustee and all Noteholders and 
(in the absence of wilful default and bad faith) no liability to the Issuer or the Noteholders or any other person 
shall attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date (each 
such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) which 
falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final 
Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each “Interest Period” (which expression shall, in these Terms 
and Conditions, mean (as the context admits): 
(1) the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date; or  
(2) where interest is required to be determined in respect of a period other than a full period under (1) 
above, such other period in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and 
including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 9 or Condition 10, as the case may be, shall be the date on which such Notes become due 
and payable). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is: 
(1) in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
4(c)(i)(B), the “Floating Rate Convention”, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case 
of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) the “Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) the “Modified Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) the “Preceding Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In this Condition, “Business Day” means a day which is: 
(a) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and 
any Additional Business Centre (other than the TARGET2 System (as defined below)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) if the TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, 
a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) System (the “TARGET2 System”) is open; and 
(c) either (1) in relation to interest payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre 
of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to interest 
payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 system is open.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
(ii) Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 
4(f) (if applicable), be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (a), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent or other person specified in the applicable 
Final Terms under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent or such other person were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating: 
(i) 
if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; or  
(ii)  
if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes, 
(the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(1) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) the Designated Maturity (if applicable) is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(3) the relevant Reset Date is as the day specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(4) if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method is one of the following, as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
Compounding with Lookback; 
(B) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; 
(C) 
Compounding with Lockout; or 
(D) 
IOS Compounding. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be deemed 
to be references to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (a), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate 
Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Euro-zone” “Reset Date”, “Overnight Floating Rate Option”, 
“Overnight Rate Compounding Method”, “Compounding with Lookback”, “Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift”, “Compounding with Lockout” and “OIS Compounding” have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Fallback provisions 
If the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest in respect of the last 
preceding Interest Period, though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
(b) Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Term Rate 
Where ‘Screen Rate Determination’ and ‘Term Rate’ are both specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below (and to Condition 
4(f), if applicable), be either: 
(1) the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page); or

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
(2) the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) 
as at 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial Centre time) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (which term shall, unless the context otherwise requires, mean the Calculation Agent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no Calculation Agent is so specified, the Agent or other person responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts in respect of the Notes). If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining 
the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (1) above applies and no such offered 
quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph (2) above applies and fewer than three 
such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph of this 
Condition 4(c)(ii)(b) (the “Specified Time”) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Calculation 
Agent in consultation with the Issuer shall request the principal London office of each of the Reference 
Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the making of a deposit in the Specified Currency for the period specified in 
the Reference Rate to leading banks in the London inter-bank market as at approximately the Specified Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of 
such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only, or none, of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be: 
(A) 
the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or 
more of them, at which such banks were offered, as at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any);  
(B) 
if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, which, as at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the relevant Issuer 
suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any); or 
(C)  
if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions (A) and (B) 
of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(1) determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate 
of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period); or 
(2) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
applicable to such Notes on the Interest Commencement Date (though substituting, where a

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate 
of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
The Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of Condition 4(c)(ii)(b)(1), those banks whose offered rates were 
used to determine such quotation when such quotation last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page and, in the 
case of Condition 4(c)(ii)(b)(2) above, those banks whose offered quotations last appeared on the Relevant 
Screen Page when no fewer than three such offered quotations appeared. 
In the case of Exempt Notes, if the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of 
the Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(c) Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Overnight SONIA Rate 
This Condition 4(c)(ii)(c) shall apply where ‘Screen Rate Determination’ and ‘Overnight SONIA Rate’ are 
both specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable. 
(A) 
Rate of Interest – Non-Index Determination 
This Condition 4(c)(ii)(c)(A) shall apply where ‘Index Determination’ is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be not applicable (and, for the avoidance of doubt, in the circumstances specified in 
Condition 4(c)(ii)(c)(C)(2)). 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, subject to Condition 4(f) and as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA for such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the applicable Margin, where: 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment during the Observation Period corresponding to such Interest Period 
(with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with 
the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× 365
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
“d”  
is the number of calendar days in: 
(i)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“do”  
means: 
(i)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
or 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“i”  
is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing a London Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in:

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
(i)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“LBD”  means a “London Banking Day”, being any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London;  
“ni”  
for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such London Banking Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following London 
Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means the period from (and including) the date falling “p” London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period to (but excluding) the 
date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period or (B) the date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due, if 
different; 
“p” 
means:  
(i)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of London Banking Days specified as the ‘Lag Look-Back 
Period’ in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, 
five London Banking Days); or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days specified as the 
‘Observation Shift Period’ in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, five London Banking Days); 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day (“LBDx”), is a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such 
LBDx as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day 
immediately following LBDx; and 
“SONIAi” means the SONIA reference rate for: 
(i)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to 
the relevant London Banking Day “i”; or 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
(B) 
Fallback provisions where the Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 4(c)(ii)(c)(A) 
(1) 
If, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 4(c)(ii)(c)(A) above, in respect 
of any London Banking Day on which an applicable SONIA reference rate is required to be 
determined, such SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page (and has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors), then (unless the Calculation Agent 
has been notified of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and any related Adjustment Spread 
and/or Benchmark Amendments) pursuant to Condition 4(f), if applicable) the SONIA reference rate 
in respect of such London Banking Day shall be:  
(i) 
the sum of (1) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. 
(or, if earlier, close of business) on such London Banking Day and (2) the mean of the spread 
of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days 
on which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there 
is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if 
there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(ii) 
if the Bank Rate under (i)(1) above is not available at the relevant time, either (A) the SONIA 
reference rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) or (B) if this is more recent, the latest rate determined under 
(i) above,  
and, in each case, references to “SONIA reference rate” in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 
4(c)(ii)(c) shall be construed accordingly. 
(2) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with any of the foregoing 
provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(i) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period); or  
(ii) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first scheduled Interest Period had 
the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first scheduled Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (applying the Margin and, if 
applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the 
first scheduled Interest Period). 
(C) 
Rate of Interest – Index Determination 
This Condition 4(c)(ii)(c)(C) shall apply where ‘Index Determination’ is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be applicable. 
(1) The Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, subject to Condition 4(f) and as provided below, 
be the Compounded Daily SONIA Rate for such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin, where: 
“Compounded Daily SONIA Rate” means the rate (expressed as a percentage and rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined by the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) by reference to the screen rate or index for 
compounded daily SONIA rates administered by the administrator of the SONIA reference rate 
that is published or displayed by such administrator or other information service from time to 
time at the relevant time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as further specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the “SONIA Compounded Index”) and in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate   =   
 
where: 
“x”  
denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is the SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period;  
“y”  
denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is the SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days 
prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (B) such other date 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the 
operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period);  
“d”  
is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which ‘x’ is 
determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which ‘y’ is determined (being the 
number of calendar days in the applicable reference period); and 
“Relevant Number” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
d
x
Index
Compounded
SONIA
Index
Compounded
SONIA
x
y
365
1





−

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
(2) If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the administrator of 
the SONIA reference rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if later, 
by the time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in 
accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the SONIA 
reference rate or of such other information service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Compounded Daily SONIA 
Rate for the applicable Interest Period for which the SONIA Compounded Index is not available 
shall be “Compounded Daily SONIA” determined in accordance with Condition 4(c)(ii)(c)(A) 
above as if ‘Index Determination’ were specified in the applicable Final Terms as being ‘not 
applicable’, and for these purposes: (i) the “Observation Method” shall be deemed to be 
‘Observation Shift’ and (ii) the ‘Observation Shift Period’ shall be deemed to be equal to the 
Relevant Number of London Banking Days, as if those alternative elections had been made in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(D) 
Determination of interest following acceleration pursuant to Condition 9 or Condition 10 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 9 or Condition 
10 (as the case may be), the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall 
continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in 
Condition 4(e) and the Trust Deed.  
(iii) Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be such Minimum Rate of Interest. If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any 
Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest 
Amount”) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered Notes 
in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (1) the Notes represented by such 
Global Note or (2) such Registered Notes (or, in each case, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate 
amount paid up); or 
(B) in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate 
Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for 
the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in 
a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365;

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
(iii) if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number is 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Interest 
Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number would be 
31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Interest 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day 
of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Interest 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 
31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line 
linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined 
as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, provided 
however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser as soon as reasonably practicable, 
with a view to such Independent Adviser determining such rate, at such time and by reference to such sources as 
it determines appropriate for the purposes of the calculation of the Rate of Interest. The Independent Adviser shall 
instruct the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, as to such rate. The Independent Adviser will consult 
with the Issuer with respect to such determination. 
If, notwithstanding the use of reasonable endeavours, the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
or if an Independent Adviser is appointed by the Issuer but fails to make any relevant determination specified to 
be made by it under this Condition 4(c)(v) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Issuer itself (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) shall be entitled to determine the Rate of Interest.  
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(c)(v) shall act in good faith and (in the 
absence of bad faith or fraud) neither the Issuer nor any Independent Adviser shall have any liability whatsoever 
to the Trustee, the Agents or the holders of any Notes, Receipts or Coupons for any determination made by it 
pursuant to this Condition 4(c)(v). 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in 
the Reference Rate. 
(vi) Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) 
and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as possible after their determination 
but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount, Interest Payment 
Date and (in respect of a Rate of Interest determined by reference to Compounded Daily SONIA or the 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate) Rate of Interest so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment (or alternative arrangements) will be promptly notified to 
each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
(vii) Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(c), whether by the Calculation 
Agent or, if applicable, any other Agent, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in 
the absence of wilful default and bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent or any other Agent (if applicable) in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(d) Interest on Exempt Notes

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes where the applicable Pricing Supplement 
identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if the Reference Rate from time to 
time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than EURIBOR or SONIA, the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Exempt Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate Notes or 
Floating Rate shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, provided that 
where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the provisions of Condition 4(c) shall, save to the extent 
amended in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if the references therein to Floating Rate Notes and to the 
Calculation Agent were references to Index Linked Interest Notes and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and 
provided further that the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest will 
accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
(e) Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease to 
bear interest (if any) from the due date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly withheld or 
refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue as provided in the Trust Deed. 
(f) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Conditions 4(b) or 4(c), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to 
an Original Reference Rate at any time when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions of this Condition 4(f) 
shall apply. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, with a view to such Independent Adviser determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(f)(ii)) and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread (in accordance 
with Condition 4(f)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4(f)(iv)).  
The Independent Adviser will consult with the Issuer with respect to all determinations to be made by it 
pursuant to this Condition 4(f).  
If, notwithstanding the use of reasonable endeavours, the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
or if an Independent Adviser is appointed by the Issuer but fails to make any relevant determination specified to 
be made by it under this Condition 4(f) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Issuer itself (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) shall be entitled to make the relevant determination(s) 
(which may, for the avoidance of doubt, including determination of a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(f)(ii)) and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread (in accordance 
with Condition 4(f)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4(f)(iv)). In such case, 
remaining references in this Condition 4(f) to determinations made, or to be made, by the Independent Adviser 
shall be construed accordingly.  
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(f) shall act in good faith and (in the absence 
of bad faith or fraud) neither the Issuer nor any Independent Adviser shall have any liability whatsoever to the 
Trustee, the Agents or the holders of any Notes, Receipts or Coupons for any determination made by it pursuant 
to this Condition 4(f). 
(ii) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate, as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment 
Spread determined pursuant to Condition 4(f)(iii), shall subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 4(f)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate, as 
adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread determined pursuant to Condition 4(f)(iii), shall

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 4(f)).  
(iii) Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the 
Independent Adviser shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specified quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an 
Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero)), which shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with this Condition 4(f) and the Independent Adviser determines (A) that amendments to these 
Terms and Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed (including, without limitation, amendments 
to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days, Interest Determination Date, or Relevant Screen Page) 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation (having regard to prevailing market practice, if any) of such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
“Benchmark Amendments”) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4(f)(vi), without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of Noteholders, Couponholders or Receiptholders, vary these Terms and Conditions, the Agency Agreement 
and/or the Trust Deed to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice.  
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 4(f)(vi), the Trustee shall (at the 
expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, Couponholders or 
Receiptholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter 
alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement) and 
the Trustee shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof, provided that the Trustee shall not be 
obliged so to concur if in the sole opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon 
it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend rights and/or the protective 
provisions afforded to the Trustee in these Terms and Conditions, the Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way. 
Noteholders, Couponholders and Receiptholders shall, by virtue of holding any Note, Coupon or Receipt or 
any beneficial interest therein, be deemed to accept the variation of the terms of such Notes and to grant the Issuer 
and the Trustee full power and authority to take any action and/or execute and deliver any document which is 
necessary or convenient to give effect to the variation of the terms of the Notes, Coupons and Receipts (as 
applicable). 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(f)(iv), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.  
(v) Application to Dated Subordinated Notes and Loss Absorption Notes  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(f), no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or 
Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and conditions of any Series of 
Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, 
the same could reasonably be expected (i) to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Dated 
Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Capital and/or the relevant Series of Notes as eligible liabilities or loss absorbing 
capacity instruments for the purposes of the Loss Absorption Regulations or (ii) (in the case of Loss Absorption 
Notes only) to result in the relevant Competent Authority treating the Interest Payment Date or the Reset Date, as 
the case may be, as the effective maturity date of the Notes, rather than the Maturity Date. 
(vi) Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 4(f) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, the 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent (if applicable) and, in accordance with Condition 14, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, 
if any.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by 
two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case may be, 
the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 4(f);  
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation, having 
regard to prevailing market practice (if any), of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either 
case, the applicable Adjustment Spread; and 
(C) 
certifying that (i) each of the matters above has been determined by the Independent Adviser or, if 
that is not the case, (ii) explaining, in reasonable detail, why such determinations have not been made 
by the Independent Adviser. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or liability to any person) as 
sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error 
in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments, and without prejudice to the Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent (if applicable) and the Noteholders. 
(vii) Survival of Original Reference Rate  
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 4(f)(i) to 4(f)(iv), the Original Reference 
Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(b), 4(c)(ii)(b) or 4(c)(ii)(c), as applicable, will 
continue to apply unless and until the Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be), and (in either case) of the applicable Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments (if any), 
in accordance with Condition 4(f)(vi). 
(viii)  Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest 
on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) 
and (in either case) Adjustment Spread has been determined pursuant to this Condition 4(f), the Original Reference 
Rate in respect of which such Benchmark Event has occurred will continue to apply for the purposes of 
determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions 
provided in Condition 4(b), 4(c)(ii)(b) or 4(c)(ii)(c) (if and to the extent applicable) will continue to apply to such 
determination. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply 
the provisions of this Condition 4(f), mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments) has 
been determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 4(f) (and, until such determination and notification 
(if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Conditions will continue to apply). 
(ix) Preparations in anticipation of a Benchmark Event 
If the Issuer anticipates that a Benchmark Event will or may occur, nothing in these Conditions shall prevent 
the Issuer (in its sole discretion) from taking, prior to the occurrence of such Benchmark Event, such actions which 
it considers expedient in order to prepare for applying the provisions of this Condition 4(f) (including, without 
limitation, appointing and consulting with an Independent Adviser to identify any Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate, Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments), provided that no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments will take effect until the relevant Benchmark Event has 
occurred. 
(x) Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or (b) the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines is required to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, being the spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(B) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where (A) above does not apply), 
the Independent Adviser determines is in customary market usage (or reflects an industry-accepted 
rate, formula or methodology) in the international debt capital market for transactions which reference 
the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the 
case may be, the Successor Rate); or 
(C) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available) under (A) above and the 
Independent Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology in customary 
market usage or which is industry-accepted under (B) above, the Independent Adviser determines to 
be appropriate, having regard to the objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
of reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the Noteholders. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 4(f)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market 
usage, or is an industry-accepted rate, in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate, any one or more of the following:   
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or to be published or administered on a permanent or 
indefinite basis;  
(B) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or will cease to publish the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued;  
(D) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used, is no 
longer representative or its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case 
in circumstances where the same shall be applicable to the Notes; or 
(E) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as applicable, 
become unlawful for the Agent, any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable) or the Issuer 
to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 or under that 
Regulation as retained in United Kingdom domestic law under the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018, as amended, in each case, if applicable), 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (B) to (D) above, the Benchmark Event shall occur on: 
(i) 
in the case of (B) above, the date of the cessation of the publication of the Original Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
in the case of (C) above, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
in the case of (D) above, the date on which the Original Reference Rate is prohibited from use, is 
deemed no longer to be representative or becomes subject to restrictions or adverse consequences (as 
applicable), 
and not (in any such case) the date of the relevant public statement (unless the date of the relevant public 
statement coincides with the relevant date in (i), (ii) or (iii) above, as applicable). 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent 
adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under 
Condition 4(f)(i) or Condition 4(c)(v). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the 
purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes 
(provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally specified Reference Rate (or any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, the term “Original Reference Rate” shall be deemed to include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request 
of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
(ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.  
5. 
Payments 
(a) Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account in 
the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a 
cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of 
such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, 
shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii) payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro 
cheque. 
(b) Payments Subject to Fiscal and Other Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases, to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7, in the place of payment, and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
“Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder 
or any official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another 
jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof or any law implementing such an intergovernmental 
agreement.  Any such amounts withheld or deducted will be treated as paid for all purposes under the Notes, and 
no additional amounts will be paid on the Notes, Coupons or Receipts with respect to any such withholding or 
deduction. 
(c) Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will be made in the manner provided in Condition 
5(a) above only against surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive 
Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will be made as aforesaid only against 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States 
of America (including the States and the District of Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the 
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) and save as 
provided in Condition 5(f) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining 
thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made 
in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum 
due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the 
manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 
years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in 
respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Fixed Rate Reset Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive 
bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue 
had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided 
that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount 
of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not a fixed interest date or an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding fixed interest date or 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
(d) Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in bearer form will be 
made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in 
the relevant Global Note, where applicable, against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global 
Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global 
Note by such Paying Agent or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
(e) General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note (or as provided in the Trust Deed, the Trustee) shall be the only person entitled 
to receive payments in respect of Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note or the Trustee, as the case may be, in respect of 
each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer 
to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note or the Trustee, as the case may be. No person other than the 
holder of such Global Note or the Trustee, as the case may be, shall have any claim against the Issuer in respect 
of any payments due on that Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, U.S. dollar payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes 
denominated and payable in U.S. dollars will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such 
specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the Bearer 
Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the United 
States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(f) 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Bearer Notes, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 5(a) above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Receipt 
in accordance with the preceding paragraph.  Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided 
in Condition 5(a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the relevant Bearer Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph.  Each Receipt must be 
presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive Bearer Note to which it appertains.  
Receipts presented without the definitive Bearer Note to which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations 
of the Issuer.  Upon the date on which any definitive Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if 
any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note in definitive bearer form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof.   
(g) Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in respect of each 
Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or 
any of the Paying Agents.  Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) 
of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the 
Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar outside the United Kingdom (the “Register”): 
(i)  
where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date; and  
(ii)  
where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a 
day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is 
located) before the relevant due date.   
For these purposes, “Designated Account” means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese 
yen to a non resident of Japan, shall be a non resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank 
and identified as such in the Register and “Designated Bank” means (in the case of payment in a Specified 
Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in respect of 
each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by transfer on the due date to the Designated 
Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register: 
(i) 
where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date; and  
(ii) 
where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth 
day is a business day) before the relevant due date, 
(the “Record Date”).  Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption and the 
final instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such 
Registered Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments of 
principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes 
or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
(h) Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, (unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 8) 
is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(B) in any Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(ii) if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a 
day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(iii) either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre 
of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 system is open. 
(i) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to “principal” in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7 or pursuant 
to any undertakings given in addition thereto or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(ii) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(vi) any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer under or 
in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to “interest” in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7 or pursuant 
to any undertakings given in addition thereto or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase, Substitution and Variation 
(a) Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note will be redeemed by 
the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified 
Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) Redemption following a Tax Event 
This Condition 6(b) shall apply if “Redemption following a Tax Event” is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (in its sole discretion and subject, if this Note is a 
Dated Subordinated Note, to the provisions of Condition 6(l)(A) and, if this Note is a Loss Absorption Note (as 
defined in Condition 6(f)), to the provisions of Condition 6(l)(B)) in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 45 days’ notice in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately prior to the giving of such notice that, as a result of a Tax Law 
Change: 
(i) 
(if this Note is a Senior Preferred Note, a Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Dated Subordinated Note) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7; or 
(ii) (if this Note is a Dated Subordinated Note only) the Issuer is or will no longer be entitled to claim a 
deduction in computing its taxable profits and losses in respect of interest payable on the Dated 
Subordinated Notes, or such a deduction is or would be reduced or deferred, 
(each a “Tax Event”) and, in either case, such consequence cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it (such measures not involving any material additional payments by, or expense 
for, the Issuer), provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which: 
(A) in respect of (i) above, the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts; or  
(B) in respect of (ii) above, the payment of interest would no longer be so deductible or such deduction 
would be reduced or deferred,  
in each case were a payment in respect of the Notes then due.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(b), the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that (i) a Tax Event has 
occurred and that the relevant consequence cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it and (ii) in the case of a Dated Subordinated Note or a Loss Absorption Note only, the applicable conditions 
set out in Condition 6(l) have been satisfied, and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and 
binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred 
to in Condition 6(g) below together (if applicable) with unpaid interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Tax Law Change” means any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of Ireland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the latest Tranche of the Notes. 
(c) Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 6(c) shall apply if “Issuer Call” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer may (in its sole discretion and subject, if this Note is a Dated Subordinated Note, to the provisions 
of Condition 6(l)(A) and, if this Note is a Loss Absorption Note, to the provisions of Condition 6(l)(B)), having 
(unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) given:  
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 45 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14; and 
(ii) prior notice to the Trustee before the giving of the notice referred to in (i); 
(which notices shall be irrevocable), redeem all or some only (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the 
Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (the “Optional Redemption Date” and “Optional Redemption Amount”, 
respectively) together (if applicable) with unpaid interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (if any).  
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be selected 
individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the 
rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of 
selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 not 
less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted 
during the period from and including the Selection Date to and including the date fixed for redemption pursuant 
to this Condition 6(c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 at least 15 days prior to the Selection Date. 
(d) Redemption following the occurrence of a Capital Event 
This Condition 6(d) shall apply if this Note is a Dated Subordinated Note and if “Redemption following a 
Capital Event” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Upon the occurrence of a Capital Event, the Issuer may (in its sole discretion and subject to the provisions 
of Condition 6(l)(A)), having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 45 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14; and 
(ii) prior notice to the Trustee before the giving of the notice referred to in (i); 
(which notices shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at any time at 
their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 6(g) below together (if applicable) with unpaid interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions: 
a “Capital Event” is deemed to occur if the Issuer, after consultation with the Competent Authority, 
determines that there has been a change (which has occurred or which the Competent Authority considers to be

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the relevant Series of Dated Subordinated Notes, in any 
such case becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the latest Tranche of such Series of Dated Subordinated 
Notes, that results, or would be likely to result, in the entire principal amount of such Series of Dated Subordinated 
Notes (or, if “Capital Event for partial exclusion” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
entire principal amount of such Series of Dated Subordinated Notes or any part thereof) being excluded from the 
Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or any Regulatory Group of which the Issuer forms part, whether on a solo, individual 
consolidated, consolidated or sub-consolidated basis, as applicable (other than as a result of any applicable 
limitation on the amount of such capital); and 
“Tier 2 Capital” has the meaning given to it by the Regulatory Capital Requirements from time to time. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(d), the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating (i) that a Capital Event has 
occurred as at the date of the certificate and (ii) that the applicable conditions set out in Condition 6(l)(A) have 
been satisfied, and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of such occurrence, 
in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders. 
(e) Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders other than holders of Dated Subordinated Notes (Investor Put) 
This Condition 6(e) shall apply if this Note is a Senior Preferred Note or a Senior Non-Preferred Note and 
“Investor Put” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms. It shall not apply in respect of any Dated 
Subordinated Notes.  
Upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 nor more 
than 45 days’ notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, 
subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, in whole (but not in part), 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together (if applicable) with unpaid interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date 
and any interest due but unpaid. It may be that before an Investor Put can be exercised, certain conditions and/or 
circumstances will need to be satisfied. Where relevant, the provisions will be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
To require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in definitive form and held 
outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case 
of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of 
such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar, falling within the notice period, a duly completed and 
signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any 
Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a “Put Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account (or, if payment is by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the 
case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of 
the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of 
the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
2(b). If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its 
order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, 
within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to 
the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to 
time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6(e) shall be irrevocable 
except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and the Trustee has declared 
the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 9, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by 
notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 6(e). 
(f) 
Redemption due to Loss Absorption Disqualification Event 
This Condition 6(f) shall apply if this Note is a Loss Absorption Note and if “Redemption following a Loss 
Absorption Disqualification Event” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject to the provisions of Condition 6(l)(B)) in 
whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if 
this Note is a Floating Rate Note) at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 6(g) below together 
(if applicable) with unpaid interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption, on giving not less than 15 
nor more than 45 days’ notice in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer 
determines that a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event has occurred. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions: 
a “Loss Absorption Disqualification Event” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Series of 
Loss Absorption Notes if, as a result of any amendment to, or change in, any Loss Absorption Regulations, or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of any Loss Absorption Regulations, in any such case becoming 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the latest Tranche of such Series of Loss Absorption Notes, the Loss 
Absorption Notes of such Series are or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the Competent Authority) are likely to 
become fully (or, if “Loss Absorption Disqualification Event for partial exclusion” is specified to be applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, fully or partially) excluded from the minimum requirements of the Issuer and/or 
any Regulatory Group of which the Issuer forms part (whether on a solo, individual consolidated, consolidated or 
sub-consolidated basis, as applicable) for (A) own funds and eligible liabilities and/or (B) loss absorbing capacity 
instruments, in each case as such minimum requirements are applicable to the Issuer and/or any Regulatory Group 
of which Issuer forms part and determined in accordance with, and pursuant to, the relevant Loss Absorption 
Regulations; provided that a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event shall not occur where the exclusion of the 
Loss Absorption Notes from the relevant minimum requirement(s) is due to the remaining maturity of the Loss 
Absorption Notes being less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria for such minimum 
requirements under the relevant Loss Absorption Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer and/or any 
Regulatory Group of which the Issuer forms part on the Issue Date of the latest Tranche of the relevant Series of 
Loss Absorption Notes; 
“Loss Absorption Note” means any Senior Preferred Note or Senior Non-Preferred Note where “Loss 
Absorption Notes” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“Loss Absorption Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss 
absorbing capacity instruments of Ireland, the Competent Authority and/or of the European Parliament or of the 
Council of the European Union then in effect in Ireland and applicable to the Issuer and/or any Regulatory Group 
of which the Issuer forms part including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or 
implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and any 
regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Competent Authority from 
time to time (whether such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards or policies are applied generally 
or specifically to the Issuer or to any Regulatory Group of which the Issuer forms part); and the Loss Absorption 
Regulations shall, if the Notes are Senior Non-Preferred Notes, be deemed to include any provision of any Ranking 
Legislation which relates to the requisite features of Secondary Unsecured Debts. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(f), the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating (i) that a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event has occurred as at the date of the certificate and (ii) that the applicable conditions set out 
in Condition 6(l)(B) have been satisfied, and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient 
evidence of such occurrence, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders. 
(g) Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 6(b), 6(d) and 6(f) above and, as the case may be, Condition 9 or Condition 10, 
the Notes will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount (together, if applicable, with accrued and unpaid 
interest) where “Early Redemption Amount” means the amount calculated by the Agent or, where a Calculation 
Agent is appointed in relation to a Series of Notes, the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note), the amount specified, or determined in the 
manner specified, in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the nominal amount of such Note; or 
(ii) in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, an amount calculated as the sum of (i) the Reference Price specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) and the

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable,  
or such other amount as is provided in the applicable Final Terms, provided that in the case of any 
Notes in respect of which “Market Value less Associated Costs” is specified as the Early Redemption 
Amount in the applicable Final Terms, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each nominal 
amount of such Notes equal to the Calculation Amount shall be an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent (or where no Calculation Agent is appointed, the Issuer), which on: 
(1) in the case of redemption other than pursuant to Condition 9 or Condition 10, the second Business 
Day immediately preceding the due date for the early redemption of the Notes; or  
(2) in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 9, the due date for the early redemption of such 
Notes; or 
(3) in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10, the last day immediately preceding the date 
of commencement of the winding-up of the Issuer, 
represents the fair market value of such Notes (taking into account all factors which the Calculation 
Agent (or where no Calculation Agent is appointed, the Issuer) determines relevant) less Associated 
Costs, and provided that no account shall be taken of the financial condition of the Issuer which shall 
be presumed to be able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the Notes; and 
(iii) in the case of paragraph (ii) above, where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a 
whole number of years, it shall be made (I) in the case of a Zero Coupon Note other than a Zero Coupon 
Note payable in euro, on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each or (II) in 
the case of a Zero Coupon Note payable in euro, on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed 
divided by 365 (or, if any of the days elapsed falls in a leap year, the sum of (x) the number of those 
days falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (y) the number of those days falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365) or (in either case) such other calculation basis as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
If for any reason at any time the Agent, the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Issuer defaults in 
its obligation to determine the Early Redemption Amount, the Trustee (or an agent appointed by the Trustee 
at the expense of the Issuer) shall determine the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with the above 
provisions and in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances. 
For the purpose of the Conditions: 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly 
under common control with the First Entity.  For these purposes “control” means ownership of a majority of the 
voting power of an entity; 
“Associated Costs” means an amount per nominal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount 
equal to such Notes’ pro rata share of the total amount of any and all costs associated or incurred by the Issuer or 
any Affiliate in connection with such early redemption, including, without limitation, any costs associated with 
unwinding any funding relating to the Notes and any costs associated with unwinding any hedge positions relating 
to the Notes, all as determined by the Calculation Agent (or where no Calculation Agent is appointed, the Issuer) 
in its sole discretion. 
(h) Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption Amount in 
respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may be specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  For the purposes of Condition 6(b), 
6(d) and 6(f), Index Linked Interest Notes and Dual Currency Interest Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest 
Payment Date. 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement.  In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount of Instalment 
Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(i) 
Purchases

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
The Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer may (in its sole discretion and subject, if this Note is a Dated 
Subordinated Note, to the provisions of Condition 6(l)(A) and, if this Note is a Loss Absorption Note, to the 
provisions of Condition 6(l)(B)) at any time purchase or otherwise acquire Notes (provided that, in the case of 
definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) in the open market or otherwise and in any manner and at any price. Such Notes may be held, reissued, 
resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
(j) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed or purchased as aforesaid and surrendered to a Paying Agent and/or the 
Registrar for cancellation will forthwith be cancelled (together with, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption) and cannot be 
reissued or resold. 
(k) Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to Condition 6(a), 6(b), 6(c), 6(d), 6(e) or 6(f) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided 
in Condition 9 or Condition 10 (as applicable) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable 
in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6(g)(ii) above as 
though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note 
becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by the Agent 
or the Registrar and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders either in accordance with 
Condition 14 or individually. 
(l) 
Conditions to Redemption, Purchase and Modification 
(A) 
Any redemption, purchase or modification of Dated Subordinated Notes in accordance with 
Conditions 6(b), 6(c), 6(d), 6(i) or 15, as the case may be, is subject to: 
(1) 
in respect of any redemption or purchase, the Issuer giving notice to the Competent Authority 
and the Competent Authority granting permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Dated 
Subordinated Notes (in each case to the extent, and in the manner, required by the Competent 
Authority or the Regulatory Capital Requirements, including Articles 77(1)(c) and 78 of the 
Capital Requirements Regulation); 
(2) 
in respect of any redemption or purchase, if and to the extent then required under the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements, the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that either (a) on or before the relevant redemption or purchase date, 
the Issuer has (or will have) replaced the Dated Subordinated Notes with instruments 
qualifying as own funds of equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for the 
income capacity of the Issuer or (b) the own funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer would, 
following such redemption or purchase, exceed its minimum applicable requirements 
(including any applicable buffer requirements) by a margin that the Competent Authority 
considers necessary at such time; 
(3) 
in respect of any redemption or purchase of the relevant Dated Subordinated Notes proposed 
to be made prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of the latest Tranche of the Notes, 
if and to the extent then required under the Regulatory Capital Requirements: 
(a) 
in the case of redemption following a Tax Event pursuant to Condition 6(b), the Issuer 
having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the relevant 
change or event is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date 
of the latest Tranche of the Notes;  
(b) 
in the case of redemption following a Capital Event pursuant to Condition 6(d), the 
Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the 
relevant change is sufficiently certain and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the 
Issue Date of the latest Tranche of the Notes;  
(c) 
the Issuer having, before or at the same time as such redemption or purchase, replaced 
the relevant Dated Subordinated Notes with instruments qualifying as own funds of 
equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
Issuer, and the Competent Authority having permitted such action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified 
by exceptional circumstances; or  
(d) 
in the case of a purchase, the relevant Dated Subordinated Notes being purchased for 
market-making purposes in accordance with applicable Regulatory Capital 
Requirements; and 
(4) 
in respect of any such modification, the Issuer giving notice of such modification to the 
Competent Authority and the Competent Authority not objecting to such modification (if 
and to the extent, and in the manner, required by the Competent Authority or the Regulatory 
Capital Requirements),  
provided that if, at the time of any such redemption, purchase or modification, the Competent 
Authority or the Regulatory Capital Requirements permit a redemption, purchase or modification 
only after compliance with one or more additional or alternative preconditions to those set out 
above in this Condition 6(l)(A), the Issuer shall comply (in addition or in the alternative, as the 
case may be) with such additional and/or alternative precondition(s).  
As at the Issue Date the granting of permission by the Competent Authority for any redemption 
or purchase by the Issuer of the relevant Dated Subordinated Notes prior to the fifth anniversary 
of the Issue Date is subject to the Issuer complying with the provisions of Article 78(4) of the 
Capital Requirements Regulation. 
By its acquisition of any Dated Subordinated Note or any interest therein, each Noteholder 
acknowledges and accepts that, if the Issuer or a subsidiary of the Issuer purchases any Dated 
Subordinated Note from a Noteholder without having obtained the prior permission of the 
Competent Authority as required under the Regulatory Capital Requirements in effect at the 
relevant time, the Noteholder shall be obliged to repay in full to the Issuer or its subsidiary, as the 
case may be, any amounts received by it in consideration of such purchase.  
(B) 
Any redemption, purchase or modification of any Loss Absorption Note in accordance with 
Condition 6(b), 6(c), 6(f), 6(i) or 15, as the case may be, is subject to: 
(1) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Competent Authority and the Competent Authority granting 
permission to redeem, purchase or modify the relevant Loss Absorption Notes (in each case 
to the extent, and in the manner, required by the Competent Authority or the Regulatory 
Capital Requirements or Loss Absorption Regulations , including Articles 77(2) and 78a of 
the Capital Requirements Regulation); and 
(2) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to such redemption, purchase or modification as 
may be required by the Competent Authority or the Regulatory Capital Requirements or 
Loss Absorption Regulations at such time (including, in the case of a redemption or purchase 
and to the extent then so required, the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that:  
(a)  it has (or before or at the same time as the relevant redemption or purchase will have) 
replaced the Loss Absorption Notes with own funds or eligible liabilities instruments 
of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the 
Issuer; or  
(b)  the own funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer would, following such redemption 
or purchase, exceed its minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities by 
a margin that the Competent Authority considers necessary at such time; or  
(c) the partial or full replacement of the Loss Absorption Notes with own funds instruments 
is necessary to ensure compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in the 
prevailing Regulatory Capital Requirements or Loss Absorption Regulations for 
continuing authorisation). 
By its acquisition of any Loss Absorption Note or any interest therein, each Noteholder 
acknowledges and accepts that, if the Issuer or a subsidiary of the Issuer purchases any Loss 
Absorption Note from a Noteholder without having obtained the prior permission of the 
Competent Authority where such permission was required under the Regulatory Capital 
Requirements or Loss Absorption Regulations in effect at the relevant time, the Noteholder shall

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
be obliged to repay in full to the Issuer or its subsidiary, as the case may be, any amounts received 
by it in consideration of such purchase. 
(C) 
Any refusal by the Competent Authority to give its permission as contemplated in this Condition 
6(l) shall not constitute a default for any purpose. 
(m) Substitution and Variation 
This Condition 6(m) applies only if (1) this Note is a Dated Subordinated Note or a Loss Absorption Note 
and (2) “Substitution and Variation” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms.  
(i) 
Substitution and Variation in respect of Dated Subordinated Notes 
In respect of any Series of Dated Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of a Capital Event, or in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(c), the Issuer (in its sole discretion but subject 
to the provisions of Condition 6(m)(iii)), having given: 
(A) not less than 15 nor more than 45 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14; and 
(B) prior notice to the Trustee before the giving of the notice referred to in (A) and having delivered 
to the Trustee the certificate referred to in the definition of Tier 2 Compliant Notes; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable), may, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, either substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Series of Dated 
Subordinated Notes for, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Dated Subordinated Notes of such 
Series so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Tier 2 Compliant Notes (and in either case may, in the 
case of English Law Notes, change the governing law of Condition 18(c) from Irish law to English law). 
Upon the expiry of the notice referred to above, the Issuer shall either vary the terms of or, as the case may 
be, substitute the Dated Subordinated Notes in accordance with this Condition 6(m)(i) and, subject as set out 
in Conditions 6(m)(iii) and (iv), the Trustee shall agree to such substitution or variation. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“EEA regulated market” means a market as defined by Article 4.1(14) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments, as amended;  
“Rating Agency” means each of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody’s Investors Services Limited, 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and DBRS Ratings Limited and each of their respective affiliates or 
successors; and 
“Tier 2 Compliant Notes” means securities that comply with the following (which compliance has been 
certified to the Trustee in a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer and delivered to 
the Trustee prior to the issue of the relevant securities): 
(a) 
are issued by the Issuer of the relevant Dated Subordinated Notes; 
(b) 
rank equally with the ranking of the relevant Dated Subordinated Notes; 
(c) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(c), have terms not 
materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Dated Subordinated Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an independent adviser of recognised 
standing); 
(d) 
(without prejudice to (c) above) (1) contain terms such that they comply with the then Regulatory 
Capital Requirements in relation to Tier 2 Capital; (2) bear the same rate of interest from time to time 
applying to the relevant Dated Subordinated Notes and preserve the same Interest Payment Dates; (3) 
do not contain terms providing for mandatory deferral of payments of interest and/or principal; (4) 
preserve the obligations (including the obligations arising from the exercise of any right) of the Issuer 
as to redemption of the relevant Dated Subordinated Notes, including (without limitation) as to timing 
of, and amounts payable upon, such redemption; (5) not contain terms providing for loss absorption 
through principal write-down or conversion to ordinary shares (but without prejudice to any 
acknowledgement of statutory resolution powers substantially similar to Condition 18(c)); and (6) 
preserve any existing rights to any accrued and unpaid interest and any other amounts payable under 
the relevant Dated Subordinated Notes which has accrued to Noteholders and not been paid; 
(e) 
(if the relevant Dated Subordinated Notes are listed on any stock exchange or market) are listed on 
the same stock exchange or market as the relevant Dated Subordinated Notes or the London Stock

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
Exchange or another EEA regulated market selected by the Issuer and approved in writing by the 
Trustee; and 
(f) 
where the relevant Dated Subordinated Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published 
rating solicited by the Issuer from one or more Rating Agencies immediately prior to their substitution 
or variation, benefit from (or will, as announced by each such Rating Agency, benefit from) an equal 
or higher published rating from each such Rating Agency as that which applied to the relevant Dated 
Subordinated Notes, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 18(c). 
(ii) Substitution and Variation in respect of Loss Absorption Notes 
In respect of any Series of Loss Absorption Notes, upon the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification 
Event, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(c), the Issuer (in its sole 
discretion but subject to the provisions of Condition 6(m)(iii)), having given: 
(A) not less than 15 nor more than 45 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14; and 
(B) prior notice to the Trustee before the giving of the notice referred to in (A) and having delivered 
to the Trustee the certificate referred to in the definition of Loss Absorption Compliant Notes; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable), may, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, either substitute all (but not some only) of the Loss Absorption Notes of 
such Series for, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Loss Absorption Notes of such Series so 
that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Loss Absorption Compliant Notes (and in either case may, in 
the case of English Law Notes, change the governing law of Condition 18(c) from Irish law to English law). 
Upon the expiry of the notice referred to above, the Issuer shall either vary the terms of or, as the case may 
be, substitute the Loss Absorption Notes in accordance with this Condition 6(m)(ii) and, subject as set out 
in Conditions 6(m)(iii) and (iv), the Trustee shall agree to such substitution or variation. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Loss Absorption Compliant Notes” means securities that comply with the 
following (which compliance has been certified to the Trustee in a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories of the Issuer and delivered to the Trustee prior to the issue of the relevant securities): 
(a) 
are issued by the Issuer of the relevant Loss Absorption Notes or any wholly-owned direct or indirect 
subsidiary of that Issuer with a guarantee of such obligations by that Issuer; 
(b) 
rank (or, if guaranteed by the Issuer, benefit from a guarantee that ranks) equally with the ranking of 
the relevant Loss Absorption Notes (or, if the relevant Loss Absorption Notes were Senior Non-
Preferred Notes upon issue, rank as part of the class of Secondary Unsecured Debt); 
(c) 
subject to (b) above and other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
18(c), have terms not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Loss 
Absorption Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an independent adviser 
of recognised standing); 
(d) 
(without prejudice to (c) above) (1) contain terms such that they comply with the then applicable Loss 
Absorption Regulations in order to be eligible to qualify in full towards the minimum requirements 
of the Issuer and/or any Regulatory Group of which the Issuer forms part (whether on a solo, 
individual consolidated, consolidated or sub-consolidated basis, as applicable) for own funds and 
eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments; (2) bear the same rate of interest from 
time to time applying to the relevant Loss Absorption Notes and preserve the same Interest Payment 
Dates; (3) do not contain terms providing for mandatory deferral of payments of interest and/or 
principal; (4) preserve the obligations (including the obligations arising from the exercise of any right) 
of the Issuer as to redemption of the relevant Loss Absorption Notes, including (without limitation) 
as to timing of, and amounts payable upon, such redemption; (5) not contain terms providing for loss 
absorption through principal write-down or conversion to ordinary shares (but without prejudice to 
any acknowledgement of statutory resolution powers substantially similar to Condition 18(c)); and 
(6) preserve any existing rights to any accrued and unpaid interest and any other amounts payable 
under the relevant Loss Absorption Notes which has accrued to Noteholders and not been paid; 
(e) 
(if the relevant Loss Absorption Notes are listed on any stock exchange or market) are listed on the 
same stock exchange or market as the relevant Loss Absorption Notes or the London Stock Exchange 
or another EEA regulated market selected by the Issuer and approved in writing by the Trustee; and

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
(f) 
where the relevant Loss Absorption Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published 
rating solicited by the Issuer from one or more Rating Agencies immediately prior to their substitution 
or variation, benefit from (or will, as announced by each such Rating Agency, benefit from) an equal 
or higher published rating from each such Rating Agency as that which applied to the relevant Loss 
Absorption Notes, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability 
of Condition 18(c) or the ranking of the securities under (b) above. 
(iii) Conditions to Substitution and Variation 
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 6(m), the relevant Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which such Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 6(m) is also subject to the following 
conditions: 
(A) the relevant Issuer shall have obtained the permission from the Competent Authority (if then 
required by the Competent Authority or by the Regulatory Capital Requirements or, as the case 
may be, Loss Absorption Regulations at such time);  
(B) such substitution or variation must be permitted by, and conducted in accordance with, any other 
applicable requirement of the Competent Authority or under the Regulatory Capital Requirements 
or, as the case may be, Loss Absorption Regulations at such time; 
(C) such substitution or variation shall not result in any event or circumstance which at or around that 
time gives the relevant Issuer a redemption right in respect of the Notes; and 
(D) prior to the publication of any notice of substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 6(m), 
the relevant Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories of the relevant Issuer stating that the Capital Event or, as the case may be, Loss 
Absorption Disqualification Event giving rise to the right to substitute or vary the Notes has 
occurred or, as the case may be, that the relevant substitution or variation is being effected in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(c), in each case as at the date 
of the certificate and that all conditions set out in (A), (B) and (C) above have been satisfied and 
the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate without any further inquiry as sufficient 
evidence thereof, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Trustee, the 
Receiptholders, the Couponholders and the Noteholders. 
(iv) Role of the Trustee in Substitution and Variation 
(A) The Trustee shall, subject to the relevant Issuer’s compliance with Condition 6(m)(iii) (including 
the delivery of the certificate referred to at Condition 6(m)(iii)(D)) and the provision of the 
certificates signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer in the definition of Tier 2 
Compliant Notes and/or Loss Absorption Compliant Notes, and at the expense and cost of the 
Issuer, use reasonable endeavours to assist the Issuer in any substitution or variation of Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 6(m), except that the Trustee shall not be obliged to assist in any such 
substitution or variation if either such substitution or variation itself or the terms of the proposed 
Tier 2 Compliant Notes or, as the case may be, Loss Absorption Compliant Notes would impose, 
in the Trustee’s opinion, more onerous obligations upon it or require the Trustee to incur any 
liability for which it is not indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
(B) In connection with any substitution or variation of Notes pursuant to this Condition 6(m), the 
Trustee may rely without liability to Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders on a report, 
confirmation, certificate or any advice of any accountants, financial advisers, financial institutions 
or any other experts, whether or not addressed to it and whether their liability in relation thereto 
is limited (by its terms or by any engagement letter relating thereto entered into by the Trustee or 
in any other manner) by reference to a monetary cap, methodology or otherwise. The Trustee may 
accept and shall be entitled to rely on any such report, confirmation, certificate or advice and such 
report, confirmation, certificate or advice shall be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders. 
7. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons shall be made without 
withholding and/or deduction for or on account of any present or future tax, duty or charge of whatsoever nature

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of Ireland, or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, unless such withholding and/or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will account 
to the relevant authorities for the amount required to be withheld or deducted and will: 
(a) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes where the applicable Final Terms specifies “Senior Preferred Notes: 
Restricted Events of Default” to be “Not Applicable”, in respect of payments of interest (if any) or principal; or  
(b) in the case of (1) Senior Preferred Notes where the applicable Final Terms specifies “Senior Preferred 
Notes: Restricted Events of Default” to be “Applicable”, (2) Senior Non-Preferred Notes and (3) Dated 
Subordinated Notes, in respect of payments of interest (if any) only,  
pay such additional amounts as will result (after such withholding and/or deduction) in the receipt by the 
holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons of such sums which would have been receivable (in the absence of 
such withholding and/or deduction) from it in respect of their Notes and/or, as the case may be, Receipts or 
Coupons, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder who is liable to 
any such tax, duty or charge in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of having some 
connection with Ireland other than the mere holding or ownership of such Note, Receipt or 
Coupon; and/or 
(ii) presented for payment (where presentation is required under these Terms and Conditions) at any 
specified office in Ireland of a Paying Agent by or on behalf of a holder who, at the time of such 
presentation, is eligible to receive the relevant payment without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of any such tax, duty or charge (under then current Irish law and practice) but fails to 
fulfil any legal requirement necessary to establish such eligibility; and/or 
(iii) presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting 
the same for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days (assuming, whether or not such is 
in fact the case, such last day to be a Payment Day). 
In no event will additional amounts be payable under this Condition 7 or otherwise in respect of any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or any official 
interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction 
facilitating the implementation thereof or any law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if this Note is (1) a Senior Preferred Note where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies “Senior Preferred Notes: Restricted Events of Default” to be “Applicable”, (2) a Senior Non-Preferred 
Note or (3) a Dated Subordinated Note, the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts under this Condition 7 in 
respect of principal of this Note. 
As used herein, the “Relevant Date” in respect of any payment means the date on which such payment first 
becomes due, or, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent or the Registrar, 
as the case may be, or the Trustee on or prior to such due date, the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
8. 
Prescription 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form), Receipts and Coupons will become void unless claims in 
respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years 
(in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon, any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5(b) or any Talon which would 
be void pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
9. 
Events of Default for, and Enforcement of, Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 9 shall apply only in respect of Senior Preferred Notes. 
(a) Non-restricted Events of Default 
This Condition 9(a) shall apply unless “Senior Preferred Notes: Restricted Events of Default” is specified to 
be applicable in the applicable Final Terms (in which case Condition 9(b) shall apply instead).

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
If this Condition 9(a) applies, then the Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the 
holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to 
its satisfaction), give notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall accordingly forthwith become, 
immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount as defined in Condition 6(g), together with 
accrued and unpaid interest (if any) as provided in the Trust Deed, if any of the following events (“Events of 
Default”) shall have occurred and be continuing: 
(i) 
default is made for more than 15 days (in the case of the payment of interest) or more than seven days 
(in the case of the payment of principal or in respect of any delivery) in the payment of any amount in 
respect of any of the Notes (in each case whether at maturity or upon redemption or otherwise) when 
and as the same falls due to be paid in accordance with these Terms and Conditions; or 
(ii) default is made by the Issuer in the performance or observance of any obligation, condition or provision 
under the Notes or the Trust Deed (other than any obligation for the payment of any amount due in 
respect of any of the Notes) and (except in any case where the Trustee considers the failure to be 
incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) 
such default continues for a period of 60 days (or such longer period as the Trustee may permit) after 
written notification requiring such default to be remedied has been given to the Issuer by the Trustee; 
or 
(iii) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer 
except for the purposes of or pursuant to a reconstruction or amalgamation the terms of which have 
previously been approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders; 
or 
(iv) the Issuer (a) stops payment (within the meaning of any applicable bankruptcy law) or (b) (otherwise 
than for the purposes of such a reconstruction or amalgamation as is referred to in Condition 9(a)(iii)) 
ceases or through an official action of the Court of Directors or other governing entity of the Issuer 
threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or is unable to pay its debts as and 
when they fall due (within the meaning of sections 509(3) or 570 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland 
(as amended)); or 
(v) the Issuer or any third party files an application under any applicable bankruptcy, reorganisation, 
composition or insolvency law against the Issuer and, in the case of an application by a third party the 
application is not dismissed within 30 days or the Issuer makes a conveyance or assignment for the 
benefit of, or enters into any composition with, its creditors in general; or 
(vi) a receiver, examiner or other similar official is appointed in relation to the Issuer or in relation to the 
whole or a material part of the assets of the Issuer, or the protection of the court is granted to the Issuer, 
or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a material part of the assets of the Issuer, or a 
distress or execution or other process is levied or enforced upon or sued out against the whole or a 
material part of the assets of the Issuer in respect of a debt of more than €10,000,000 (or its equivalent 
in another currency) and, in any of the foregoing cases, is not discharged within 30 days, 
provided that, in the case of any Event of Default other than those described in Conditions 9(a)(i) and 9(a)(iii) 
above, the Trustee shall have certified to the Issuer that the Event of Default is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders. 
The Trustee may at its discretion and without further notice take such proceedings against the Issuer as it 
may think fit to enforce the obligations of the Issuer under the Trust Deed and the Notes, Receipts and Coupons, 
but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or any other action unless (i) it shall have been so directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or so requested in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in 
nominal amount of the Notes outstanding and (ii) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded 
to its satisfaction. No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the 
Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound so to do, (i) fails to do so within a reasonable period, or (ii) is 
unable for any reason so to do, and such failure or inability is continuing. 
(b) Restricted Events of Default 
This Condition 9(b) shall apply only if “Senior Preferred Notes: Restricted Events of Default” is specified 
to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
If this Condition 9(b) applies, then:

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
(A) If default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes and such default 
continues for a period of 15 days after the due date for the same or, as the case may be, after any other 
date upon which the payment of interest is compulsory, the Trustee may, subject as provided below, at 
its discretion and without further notice, institute proceedings for the winding up of the Issuer in Ireland 
(but not elsewhere), but (save as provided in Condition 9(b)(B) below) may take no further action in 
respect of such default. 
(B) If, otherwise than for the purposes of a reconstruction or amalgamation on terms previously approved 
in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, an order is made or an 
effective resolution is passed for the winding up of the Issuer, the Trustee may, subject as provided 
below, at its discretion, give notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall accordingly thereby 
forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount as defined in 
Condition 6(g), plus accrued and unpaid interest (if any) as provided in the Trust Deed and together 
with any damages awarded in respect thereof. 
(C) Without prejudice to Conditions 9(b)(A) and 9(b)(B) above, the Trustee may, subject as provided 
below, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it 
may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding on the Issuer under the Notes, 
the Coupons or the Trust Deed (other than any obligation for the payment of any principal or interest 
in respect of the Notes or any damages awarded in respect thereof), provided that the Issuer shall not 
as a consequence of such proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums representing or measured by 
reference to principal or interest in respect of the Notes sooner than the same would otherwise have 
been payable by it, or any damages awarded in respect of the Notes. 
(D) The Trustee shall be bound to take action as referred to in Conditions 9(b)(A), 9(b)(B) and 9(b)(C) if 
(i) it shall have been so requested in writing by Noteholders holding at least one-fifth in nominal amount 
of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders and 
(ii) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
(E) No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 9(b) unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, (i) fails to do so within a 
reasonable period, or (ii) is unable for any reason so to do, and such failure or inability is continuing 
(and in such case the Noteholder or Couponholder may only take such steps as are available to the 
Trustee). No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled either to institute proceedings in Ireland (or 
elsewhere) for the winding up of the Issuer or to submit a claim in such winding-up, except that if the 
Trustee, having become bound to institute such proceedings as aforesaid, (i) fails to do so, or (ii) is 
unable for any reason so to do, or, being able and bound to submit a claim in such winding-up, fails to 
do so, in each case within a reasonable period and such failure or inability is continuing, then any such 
holder may, on giving an indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee, in the name of the Trustee (but not 
otherwise), itself institute proceedings for the winding up of the Issuer in Ireland (but not elsewhere) 
and/or submit a claim in such winding-up to the same extent (but not further or otherwise) that the 
Trustee would have been entitled to do so. 
(F) No remedy against the Issuer, other than as provided above in this Condition 9(b), shall be available to 
the Trustee, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of 
such Notes or the relative Coupons or under the Trust Deed in so far as it relates to the Notes or the 
relative Coupons. 
10. Events of Default for, and Enforcement of, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 10 shall apply in respect of all Senior Non-Preferred Notes and all Dated Subordinated Notes. 
(A) If default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes and such default 
continues for a period of 15 days after the due date for the same or, as the case may be, after any other 
date upon which the payment of interest is compulsory, the Trustee may, subject as provided below, at 
its discretion and without further notice, institute proceedings for the winding up of the Issuer in Ireland 
(but not elsewhere), but (save as provided in Condition 10(B) below) may take no further action in 
respect of such default. 
(B) If, otherwise than for the purposes of a reconstruction or amalgamation on terms previously approved 
in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, an order is made or an 
effective resolution is passed for the winding up of the Issuer, the Trustee may, subject as provided 
below, at its discretion, give notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall accordingly thereby

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount as defined in 
Condition 6(f), plus accrued and unpaid interest (if any) as provided in the Trust Deed and together 
with any damages awarded in respect thereof. 
(C) Without prejudice to Conditions 10(A) and 10(B) above, the Trustee may, subject as provided below, 
at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think 
fit to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding on the Issuer under the Notes, the Coupons 
or the Trust Deed (other than any obligation for the payment of any principal or interest in respect of 
the Notes or any damages awarded in respect thereof), provided that the Issuer shall not as a 
consequence of such proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums representing or measured by 
reference to principal or interest in respect of the Notes sooner than the same would otherwise have 
been payable by it, or any damages awarded in respect of the Notes. 
(D) The Trustee shall be bound to take action as referred to in Conditions 10(A), 10(B) and 10(C) above if 
(i) it shall have been so requested in writing by Noteholders holding at least one-fifth in nominal amount 
of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders and 
(ii) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
(E) No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 10 unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, (i) fails to do so within a 
reasonable period, or (ii) is unable for any reason so to do, and such failure or inability is continuing 
(and in such case the Noteholder or Couponholder may only take such steps as are available to the 
Trustee). No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled either to institute proceedings in Ireland (or 
elsewhere) for the winding up of the Issuer or to submit a claim in such winding-up, except that if the 
Trustee, having become bound to institute such proceedings as aforesaid, (i) fails to do so, or (ii) is 
unable for any reason so to do, or, being able and bound to submit a claim in such winding-up, fails to 
do so, in each case within a reasonable period and such failure or inability is continuing, then any such 
holder may, on giving an indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee, in the name of the Trustee (but not 
otherwise), itself institute proceedings for the winding up of the Issuer in Ireland (but not elsewhere) 
and/or submit a claim in such winding-up to the same extent (but not further or otherwise) that the 
Trustee would have been entitled to do so. 
(F) No remedy against the Issuer, other than as provided above in this Condition 10, shall be available to 
the Trustee, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of 
such Notes or the relative Coupons or under the Trust Deed in so far as it relates to the Notes or the 
relative Coupons. 
11. Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may, subject 
to all applicable laws and stock exchange requirements, be replaced at the specified office of the Agent (in the 
case of Bearer Notes, Receipts or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes), or any other place 
approved by the Trustee of which notice shall have been published in accordance with Condition 14, upon 
payment by the claimant of such costs, expenses, taxes and duties as may be incurred in connection therewith and 
on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. Agent and Paying Agents 
(a) Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set 
out below. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying 
Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the appointment of 
any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified 
office through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and a Transfer Agent 
(in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules 
and regulations of the relevant stock exchange (or any other relevant authority or authorities);

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
(ii) there will at all times be an Agent and a Registrar; and 
(iii) there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the jurisdiction in 
which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in 
the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 5(e). Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in the Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 14. 
(b) Calculation Agent 
In relation to each issue of Notes, the Calculation Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume 
any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders 
or Couponholders. All calculations and determinations made in respect of the Notes by the Calculation Agent 
shall be in its sole and absolute discretion, in good faith, and shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Agents and the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or Couponholders. The 
Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer and the Agent upon any such calculations and determinations, 
and (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) no liability to the Issuer, the Agents, the 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
The Calculation Agent may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and functions to a 
third party as it deems appropriate. 
13. Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, 
the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Agent or 
any other Paying Agent outside the United States in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further 
Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect 
of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8. Each Talon shall, for 
the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final 
Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
14. Notices 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be valid if an announcement is released by the Issuer through the 
companies announcement office of The Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext 
Dublin”) or any successor or replacement service. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date 
of release by Euronext Dublin. Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of 
any notice given to the Noteholders in accordance with this Condition. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of any other stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which the Bearer Notes are for the 
time being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing. 
All notices regarding Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail or (if 
posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their respective 
addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in 
addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another 
relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be 
published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 14, until such time as any definitive Notes are 
issued (and provided that, in the case of Notes listed on a stock exchange, the rules of that stock exchange or other 
relevant authority so permit), so long as the Global Note(s) is or are held in its/their entirety on behalf of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer may, in lieu of notice as aforesaid, give notice by the delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day on which the said 
notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
Notices to be given by any holder of the Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global 
Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent or the Registrar via Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. Meetings of Noteholders, Extraordinary Resolutions, Modification and Waiver 
Any modification, waiver, authorisation or substitution pursuant to this Condition 15 shall be binding on the 
Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and, unless, in the case of a modification, the Trustee agrees 
otherwise, any such modification or substitution shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable 
thereafter in accordance with Condition 14. 
(a) Meetings of Noteholders and Extraordinary Resolutions 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings (which may be held at a physical location, or 
via an electronic platform (such as a conference call or videoconference) or by a combination of such methods) 
of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including modification by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Trust Deed, provided that the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons (concerning inter alia the date of maturity of the Notes or any date 
for payment of interest thereof, the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes, the 
currency of payment of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons or the status and, if applicable, subordination of the Notes 
or certain provisions of the Trust Deed) may only be made at a meeting at which the necessary quorum will be 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding.  At any adjourned meeting, one or more persons present whatever the nominal amount of 
the Notes held or represented by him or them will form a quorum, except that at any adjourned meeting for the 
transaction of business comprising any of the aforementioned modification of provisions, the necessary quorum 
will be one or more persons present holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding.  
An Extraordinary Resolution may also be passed by the Noteholders by way of: 
(i) 
a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-quarters in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding; or  
(ii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form 
satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-quarters in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
An Extraordinary Resolution (whether passed at any meeting of the Noteholders or by way of written 
resolution or electronic consents) shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether present or not at the relevant 
meeting and/or whether or not voting on (or voting in favour of) the relevant Extraordinary Resolution, and on all 
Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
(b) Modification 
(i) 
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, to any modification (subject to certain exceptions), or to any 
waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of these Terms and Conditions 
or any provision of the Trust Deed or the Notes, Receipts or Coupons which, in the opinion of the 
Trustee, is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. In addition, the Trustee 
shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting (i) any Benchmark Amendments in the 
circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 4(f) and (ii) any substitution or variation in 
the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Conditions 6(m)(i) and 6(m)(ii), in each case without 
the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
(ii) 
The Trustee may also agree without such consent to any modification of any of these Terms and 
Conditions or any provision of the Trust Deed or the Notes, Receipts or Coupons which is made 
to correct a manifest error or which is of a formal, minor or technical nature. 
(c) Substitution 
The Trustee may also agree without the consent of Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders to the 
substitution at any time or times of a successor company (as defined in the Trust Deed), or any other company

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
which controls, or is under the control of, the Issuer or such successor company, as the principal debtor under the 
Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons. Such agreement shall also be subject to the relevant 
provisions of the Trust Deed, including (in the case of the substitution of any company other than such a successor 
company), unless the Trustee shall agree otherwise, the irrevocable and unconditional guarantee, in a form 
satisfactory to the Trustee (in respect of the Dated Subordinated Notes only, on a subordinated basis equivalent to 
that mentioned in Condition 3(c) and, in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, ranking on an equivalent 
basis to that set out in Condition 3(b)), of the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons by the Issuer or such successor 
company. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities or discretions (including, but 
without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or substitution), the Trustee shall have regard to the 
interests of the Noteholders as a class and, in particular, but without limitation, shall not have regard to the 
consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders resulting from their 
being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder, Receiptholder or 
Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect 
of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders 
except to the extent already provided for in Condition 7 and/or any undertaking given in addition to, or in 
substitution for, Condition 7 pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
(d) Regulatory consent 
If this Note is a Dated Subordinated Note or a Loss Absorption Note, any modification or substitution 
pursuant to this Condition 15 is subject to Condition 6(l)(A) or 6(l)(B), as applicable. 
16. Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in 
all respects save for the Issue Date, nominal amount, Interest Commencement Date, date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and/or Issue Price and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. Indemnification etc. 
The Trust Deed contains provisions governing the responsibility of the Trustee and providing for its 
indemnification in certain circumstances including provisions relieving it, unless indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, from taking proceedings to enforce repayment. The Trustee shall be entitled 
to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any subsidiary of the Issuer without accounting for any 
profit resulting therefrom. 
The Trustee shall not be liable for any consequences of any application of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers (as provided in Condition 18(c) below) in respect of the Issuer or any of its affiliates or any Notes and 
shall not be required to take any action in connection therewith that would, in the Trustee’s opinion, expose the 
Trustee to any liability or expense unless it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction; provided that nothing in this paragraph shall prevent any application of Irish Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers in respect of the Issuer or any of its affiliates or any Notes from taking effect, and each 
Noteholder, Couponholder or Receiptholder, by its acquisition of any Note, Coupon or Receipt, authorises and 
instructs the Trustee to take such steps as may be necessary or expedient in order to give effect to any such 
application of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers. 
18. Governing Law, Submission to Jurisdiction and Acknowledgement of Irish Statutory Resolution 
Powers 
(a) Governing Law 
The applicable Final Terms will specify ‘Governing Law’ as either ‘English Law Notes’ (such Notes, 
“English Law Notes”) or ‘Irish Law Notes’ (such Notes, “Irish Law Notes”). 
(i)  
In the case of English Law Notes, the Trust Deed, the Notes, any Coupons and Receipts relating to 
the Notes, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, 
the Notes and any Coupons and Receipts relating to the Notes, are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law, except that Condition 3, Condition 18(c), Clause 31 of

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
the Trust Deed (with respect to the acknowledgement of Bail-in Powers, as defined therein) and the 
provisions of the Trust Deed relating to the ranking of claims in respect of the Notes, Receipts and 
Coupons on a winding-up of the Issuer, and (in each case) any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws 
of Ireland. 
(ii) 
In the case of Irish Law Notes, the Trust Deed, the Notes, any Coupons and Receipts relating to the 
Notes, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the 
Notes and any Coupons and Receipts relating to the Notes, are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, the laws of Ireland. 
(b) Submission to Jurisdiction 
(i)  
In the case of English Law Notes: 
(A) 
the Issuer has in the Trust Deed irrevocably agreed for the benefit of the Trustee, the 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders that (subject as provided below) 
the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes (including a dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust 
Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons) which may arise out of or in connection 
with the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons and that accordingly any 
suit, action or proceedings arising out of or in connection therewith (together referred to as 
“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts; and 
(B) 
the Issuer has in the Trust Deed irrevocably and unconditionally waived and agreed not to 
raise any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of the venue of any 
Proceedings in the courts of England and any claim that any such Proceedings have been 
brought in an inconvenient forum and has further irrevocably and unconditionally agreed 
that a judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the English courts shall be conclusive 
and binding upon the Issuer and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right (to the extent allowed by law) to 
take Proceedings against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall 
the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings 
in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
(ii) 
In the case of Irish Law Notes: 
(A) 
the Issuer has in the Trust Deed irrevocably agreed for the benefit of the Trustee, the 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders that (subject as provided below) 
the courts of Ireland are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes (including a dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust 
Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons) which may arise out of or in connection 
with the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons and that accordingly 
Proceedings may be brought in such courts; and 
(B) 
the Issuer has in the Trust Deed irrevocably and unconditionally waived and agreed not to 
raise any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of the venue of any 
Proceedings in the courts of Ireland and any claim that any such Proceedings have been 
brought in an inconvenient forum and has further irrevocably and unconditionally agreed 
that a judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the Irish courts shall be conclusive and 
binding upon the Issuer and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right (to the extent allowed by law) to 
take Proceedings against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall 
the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings 
in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
(c) Acknowledgement of Irish Statutory Resolution Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, arrangements 
or understanding between the Issuer and the Trustee or any Noteholder, Couponholder or Receiptholder, the 
Trustee and, by its acquisition of any Note, Coupon or Receipt or any interest therein, each Noteholder, 
Couponholder and Receiptholder and each holder of a beneficial interest in any Note, Coupon or Receipt 
acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes, Coupons or Receipts may be subject to 
the exercise of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by:

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or a 
combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes, Coupons 
and/or Receipts; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes, 
Coupons and/or Receipts into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or 
another person, and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder, Couponholder or 
Receiptholder of such shares, securities or obligations, including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, Coupons and/or Receipts; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes, Coupons and/or Receipts or the Relevant Amounts in respect 
thereof; and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the Maturity Date of the Notes or amendment of the amount 
of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, including 
by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii)  
the variation of the terms of the Notes, Coupons and/or Receipts as deemed necessary by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
The Trustee and, by its acquisition of any Note, Coupon or Receipt or any interest therein, each Noteholder, 
Couponholder and Receiptholder further acknowledges and accepts that the taking by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority of a crisis prevention measure or a resolution action in respect of the Issuer pursuant 
to the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers shall not constitute an Event of Default and shall not constitute 
grounds for the Trustee or the Noteholders, Couponholders or Receiptholders to institute proceedings for the 
winding up of the Issuer or for the giving of notice to the Issuer that the Notes, Coupons or Receipts are 
immediately due and repayable.   
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, 
any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Ireland, relating to (i) the transposition into Irish law 
of Directive 2014/59/EU (including, without limitation, Article 48 thereof) as amended or replaced from 
time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation 
of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period); 
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest and additional amounts and any other amounts due on or in respect of the Notes. References 
to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, 
prior to the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority; 
and 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Irish 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer and/or the Notes, Coupons and/or Receipts (being, 
as at the Issue Date, the Single Resolution Board). 
See the risk factor entitled “The European Union adopted a bank recovery and resolution directive which is 
intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions, investment firms, certain 
financial institutions and certain holding companies (each a “relevant entity”) considered to be at risk of 
failing” for further information. 
(d) Process agent 
This Condition 18(d) shall apply only in respect of English Law Notes. 
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed appointed General Counsel, Bank of Ireland (UK) plc, Bow Bells House, 
Bread Street, London EC4M 9BE as its agent to accept on its behalf service of process in England in 
connection with any Proceedings, and has undertaken that, in the event of such person ceasing so to act, it 
will appoint such other person as the Trustee may approve as its agent for that purpose. The Issuer has also 
agreed in the Trust Deed to procure that, so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, there shall be in 
force an appointment of such a person approved by the Trustee with an office in London with authority to

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
accept service as aforesaid. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law. 
19. Third Party Rights 
This Condition 19 shall apply only in respect of English Law Notes. 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any 
term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available apart from 
that Act.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used by the Group to support its business and, in the case 
of Notes issued by BOIG, will be used to invest in securities issued by BOI. If in respect of any particular issue 
of Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be. 
 Sustainable Notes 
Notes may be issued as Sustainable Notes and the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will indicate 
if the Notes are intended to constitute Sustainable Notes. 
The Group intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from any issue of Sustainable Notes to 
advance loans to the Group’s customers on a targeted basis for the purposes of the financing and/or refinancing 
by such customers of Eligible Sustainable Projects in accordance with the Group’s Green Bond Framework and/or 
any other sustainability framework the Group may publish from time to time. See also the risk factor section 
entitled “Risks relating to Sustainable Notes” above.  
Green Bond Framework 
The Group has developed a Green Bond Framework (as the same may be amended or replaced from time to 
time, the “Green Bond Framework”) as part of its commitment to supporting a transition to a low carbon, climate 
resilient economy.  
The current version of the Green Bond Framework as at the date of this Prospectus can be viewed at:  
https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/app/uploads/Green-Bond-Framework-March-2021.pdf. 
In connection with the Green Bond Framework, the Group has appointed a sustainability specialist, 
Sustainalytics UK Limited, to issue an opinion confirming that the Green Bond Framework aligns with the 
International Capital Market Association’s Green Bond Principles (as the same may be amended or replaced from 
time to time, the “Second Party Opinion”). 
The current version of the Second Party Opinion as at the date of this Prospectus can be viewed at: 
https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/app/uploads/Bank-of-Ireland-Green-Bond-Framework-Second-
Party-Opinion-March-2021.pdf.  
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green Bond Framework nor the Second Party Opinion are, nor shall 
either of them be deemed to be, incorporated in, and/or form part of, this Prospectus.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF BOIG AND THE GROUP 
General 
BOIG was incorporated as Adjigo plc in Ireland as a public limited company on 28 November 2016 with 
registered number 593672, its registered office is situated at 40 Mespil Road, Dublin 4, Ireland and it is domiciled 
in Ireland. BOIG’s telephone number is +353 1 661 5933. On 31 March 2017, Adjigo plc changed its name to 
Bank of Ireland Group plc. The principal legislation under which BOIG operates is the Companies Act. 
BOIG’s legal entity identifier (“LEI”) is 635400C8EK6DRI12LJ39. 
BOIG is a non-operating holding company and is the ultimate parent of the BOIG Group, which includes a 
number of companies operating in the financial services sector. BOIG carries on all of its trading activities through 
BOI and other members of the BOI Group. Accordingly, save for the issuance and management of certain capital 
instruments by BOIG, the business of the BOIG Group and the BOI Group are, at the date of this Prospectus, 
substantively similar in all material respects. See “Description of BOI” for further details. 
As BOIG is a non-operating holding company and conducts substantially all of its operations through its 
direct subsidiary (BOI) and its indirect subsidiaries, it depends largely upon the receipt of dividends, distributions, 
loans or advances from such subsidiaries. 
BOIG’s website is: https://www.bankofireland.com. 
Board of Directors 
The business address of the Board of Directors of BOIG (the “Board”) is Bank of Ireland Group plc, 40 
Mespil Road, Dublin 4, Ireland.  
Name  
Current position  
Principal Outside Activities  
Patrick Kennedy 
Chairman  
Chairman 
of 
Cartrawler. 
Honorary 
Treasurer of the Irish Rugby Football 
Union.  
Francesca McDonagh  
Group Chief Executive Officer; 
Executive Director 
Director of IBEC CLG, member of the PRA 
Practitioner Panel. 
Evelyn Bourke*  
Non-Executive Director  
Non-executive Director of Marks & 
Spencer Group plc and member of its Audit 
and 
Nomination 
Committees. 
Non-
executive director of Admiral Group plc 
and AJ Bell plc. Member of board of The 
Ireland Fund of Great Britain. 
Giles Andrews 
Non-Executive Director 
Non-executive Director of Zopa Group 
Limited. Chairman of Bethnal Green 
Ventures. Non-executive Chairman of 
Market Finance Limited. Non-executive 
Chairman of Carwow Limited. Advisory 
role to Northzone Ventures.  
Ian Buchanan  
Non-Executive Director  
None.  
Eileen Fitzpatrick*  
Non-Executive Director  
Chair of the Outside Appointments Board, 
Department of Public Expenditure and 
Reform. 
Non-Executive 
Director 
and 
organisational effectiveness director of a 
number of KKR investment management 
firms in Ireland.  
Richard Goulding* 
Deputy Chairman; Senior 
Independent Director; Non-
Executive Director 
Non-executive Director of Zopa Bank 
Limited, where he is Chair of the Risk 
Committee and a member of the Audit, 
Nomination 
and 
Remuneration 
Committees. Member of the Council of the

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
Royal College of Music. 
Michele Greene 
Non-Executive Director 
Director of Mololo Limited. 
 
 
 
Myles O’Grady1 
Group Chief Financial Officer; 
Executive Director 
None. 
Fiona Muldoon*  
Non-Executive Director  
None. 
 
 
 
Steve Pateman* 
___ 
* Audit committee member 
Non-Executive Director 
Non-executive Director of ActivTrades 
Loans plc. President of the UK Chartered 
Banker Institute. 
1 On 27 September 2021, the Group announced that Mr. Myles O’Grady informed the Board of BOIG of his intention to step down 
as Group Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director of BOIG and BOI.  Mr O’Grady is expected to leave the Group in March 
2022 and a process to appoint his successor is underway. 
Conflicts of interest 
BOIG is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to BOIG of the persons listed 
under “Board of Directors” above and their private interests or other duties. 
Corporate Governance 
A key objective of the Group’s governance framework is to ensure compliance with applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements. BOIG is subject to both the UK Corporate Governance Code of the Financial Reporting 
Council and The Irish Corporate Governance Annex to the Listing Rules of Euronext Dublin and all relevant Irish 
law requirements. BOIG is governed according to the BOIG Constitution, the applicable laws of Ireland, and the 
applicable rules and regulations of the relevant regulatory bodies. The Board’s oversight of risk and control is 
supported through delegation of certain responsibilities to Committees. The Chairman of each Committee 
formally reports on key aspects of Committee proceedings to the subsequent scheduled meeting of the Board and 
minutes of principal Committees are tabled at the Board as soon as possible for noting and/or discussion as 
necessary. The terms of reference of the Committees are reviewed annually by the relevant Committees and by 
the Board.  
The Group believes it has robust governance arrangements, which include a clear organisational structure 
with well defined, transparent and consistent lines of responsibility, effective processes to identify, manage, 
monitor and report the risks to which it is or might be exposed and appropriate internal control mechanisms, 
including sound administrative and accounting procedures, IT systems and controls. The system of governance is 
subject to regular internal review. 
Group Audit Committee (the “GAC”) 
At the date of this Prospectus, the GAC comprised five Non-executive Directors. The Board believes that 
the Chair of the GAC, Evelyn Bourke, is considered independent, that she is the member of the Audit Committee 
with recent and relevant financial experience for the purposes of the UK Corporate Governance Code and that the 
GAC as a whole has an appropriate mix of skills and relevant financial/banking experience to enable it to discharge 
its responsibilities. The GAC has responsibility for:  
• 
the appropriateness and completeness of the system of internal control;  
• 
in close liaison with the Board Risk Committee, reviewing the manner and framework in which 
management ensures and monitors the adequacy of the nature, extent and effectiveness of internal control 
systems, including accounting control systems, thereby maintaining an effective system of internal control;  
• 
monitoring the integrity of the financial statements and the financial reporting process and assisting the 
Board in meeting its obligations under relevant Stock Exchange listing rules and under other applicable 
laws and regulations; 
• 
overseeing all matters relating to the relationship between the Group and the external auditors of the Group;  
• 
monitoring and reviewing the effectiveness of the Board’s Internal Audit function and its operations;  
• 
discharging the statutory responsibility of the Group under relevant statutes or regulation; and

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
• 
overseeing compliance with current and future Government requirements associated with their support for 
certain of the Group’s requirements.  
It has developed and implemented a Group Policy on the Provision of Non-Audit Services by the Group’s 
statutory auditor. The Group Policy ensures, among other things, that auditor objectivity and independence are 
not compromised. Under this Policy, a key procedural control requires that any engagement of the external 
auditors to provide non-audit services must be pre-approved in advance by the GAC. 
Financial Highlights of the BOIG Group 
The financial information set forth below as at and for the period ended 30 June 2021, the year ended 31 
December 2020 and the year ended 31 December 2019 has been extracted without material adjustment from the 
consolidated financial statements of BOIG, except where noted below. 
Financial information of BOIG 
 
 
Six months ended  
30 June 2021 
(unaudited) 
Twelve months ended  
31 December 2020 
(audited) 
Twelve months ended 
31 December 2019 
(audited) 
 
IFRS 
IFRS 
IFRS 
€m 
€m 
€m 
Income statement 
 
 
Profit / (Loss) before tax 
406 
(760) 
645 
Profit / (Loss) after tax 
341 
(707) 
448 
Earnings per unit of €1.00 
ordinary share (€ cent)   
28.2c 
(72.4)c 
35.9c 
  
 
 
 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
Non-controlling interests  
68 
68 
808 
Subordinated liabilities  
1,959 
1,434 
1,690 
Total equity  
10,288 
9,621 
10,433 
Total assets  
149,932 
133,754 
131,883 
  
 
 
 
Net interest margin  
1.90% 
2.00% 
2.14% 
The summary information above does not constitute the full financial statements of the Group, copies of 
which (other than in respect of the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements for the six months ended 
30 June 2021) are required to be annexed to the Group’s annual return to the Registrar of Companies in Ireland. 
Copies of the financial statements in respect of the financial periods ended on 30 June 2021, 31 December 2020 
and 31 December 2019 have been incorporated by reference herein. 
Regulatory Group capital requirements / buffers 
 
 
Set by 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Pillar 1 – Common Equity Tier 1 
 
CRR  
4.50% 
4.50% 
4.50% 
Pillar 2 Requirement   
 
SSM 
1.27% 
1.27% 
1.27% 
Capital Conservation Buffer  
 
CRD IV 
2.50% 
2.50% 
2.50% 
CCyB 
Ireland  
(c.60% of RWA) 
Central Bank  
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
UK  
(c.30% of RWA) 
FPC (UK)2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
US 
and 
other  
(c.10% of RWA)  
Fed3 / Various  
- 
- 
 
O-SII Buffer  
 
Central Bank 
1.00% 
1.50% 
1.50% 
Systemic Risk Buffer – Ireland  
 
Minister 
for 
Finance  
- 
- 
- 
                                                     
2 Financial Policy Committee UK 
3 Federal Reserve System of the United States

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
Pro forma Minimum Common 
Equity 
Tier 
1 
Regulatory 
Requirements  
 
 
9.27% 
9.77% 
9.77% 
P2G 
 
Not disclosed in line with regulatory preference 
The table above sets out the Regulatory Group's Common Equity Tier 1 capital requirements for 2020 to 
2022 and the authorities responsible for setting those requirements. As at the date of this Prospectus, the 
Regulatory Group is required to maintain a Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio of 9.77 per cent. This includes a Pillar 
1 requirement of 4.5 per cent., a Pillar 2 requirement of 1.27 per cent., a capital conservation buffer of 2.50 per 
cent., and an O-SII buffer of 1.5 per cent. Pillar 2 Guidance (“P2G”) is not disclosed, in accordance with regulatory 
preference. The O-SII buffer is subject to annual review by the Central Bank.  
During 2019, the Central Bank requested the power to introduce a Systemic Risk Buffer in Ireland, which 
could increase capital demand. On 18 March 2020, the Minister for Finance in Ireland decided to defer the 
introduction of the Systemic Risk Buffer while all of the key players in the banking sector are working together 
to support customers through the COVID-19 pandemic. The Central Bank has confirmed that it does not intend 
to begin any phase-in of the Systemic Risk Buffer in 2021. 
Recent Developments 
In March 2020, the World Health Organisation declared the outbreak of Covid-19 to be a global pandemic. 
Measures were adopted by governments and national regulators with a view to containing the spread of Covid-
19, including travel bans, shut-downs of businesses and workplaces, quarantine and elective self-isolation; leaving 
large parts of many economies, including the Irish and UK economies, effectively closed. The extent of these and 
any further restrictions, and the actual timing of the lifting of all restrictions, is as yet unknown. See the risk factors 
entitled “The Covid-19 pandemic continues to impact the global, Irish and UK economies” and “The Covid-19 
pandemic continues to impact the Group” above. 
The Group announced annual results in respect of the twelve months ended 31 December 2020 on 1 March 
2021, and the audited consolidated financial statements are incorporated by reference herein. The announcement 
updated the market on the Group’s financial performance and the impact Covid-19 is having, particularly in 
respect of: the changed economic environment in Ireland and the UK, which has resulted in lower levels of 
economic activity, credit formation and business income; the Group’s loan asset quality and loan loss impairment 
charges; Group financial performance and profitability; and measures the Group has implemented to support 
customers including payment breaks. 
A Group-wide Voluntary Parting Scheme (the “Scheme”) approved in the third quarter of 2020 will see 
c.1,450 full-time employees leaving the Group on a phased basis, and will bring staff numbers below 9,000 for 
the medium-term. At 30 June 2021, the number of staff (full time equivalents) was 9,211 (30 June 2020: 10,341) 
which reflects employees who exited the Group under the Scheme up to and including 30 June 2021. This Scheme 
has led to a reduction in staff numbers of 1,019 or 10 per cent. since it commenced in September 2020 and 579 of 
6 per cent. since December 2020. 
During 2020, the strategic review of the Northern Ireland retail business was completed. This will result in 
a material restructuring of the Northern Ireland business. c.50 per cent. of branches will close, helping to reduce 
costs. The Group will further simplify its product offering, leveraging its expertise in car finance and mortgages. 
The Group will also relocate its UK Head Office from London to Belfast. 
Following an extensive review of the Group’s network, the Group has taken the decision to close 103 
branches in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. The Group will continue to operate 182 branches across 
the island of Ireland. The branches will be an integral part of the Group’s strategy of blending physical and digital 
services to meet its customers' evolving needs. 
On 16 April 2021, the Group announced it had entered into a Memorandum of Understanding with KBC 
Bank Ireland, expressing the parties’ intention to explore a route that could potentially lead to a transaction 
whereby the Group commits to acquire substantially all of KBC Bank Ireland’s performing loan assets and 
liabilities. The transaction remains subject to customary due diligence, further negotiation and agreement of final 
terms and binding documentation, as well as obtaining all appropriate internal and external regulatory approvals. 
On 22 July 2021, the Group announced it had reached an agreement to acquire J&E Davy (“Davy”), Ireland’s 
leading provider of wealth management and capital markets services, for an enterprise value of €440 million, 
subject to certain customary adjustments including capital at completion (the “Enterprise Value”). 25 per cent. 
of the Enterprise Value will be paid to Davy shareholders two years after completion subject to Davy shareholders 
meeting a number of agreed criteria. The balance will be paid as cash consideration on completion, which is

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
expected in 2022. In addition, further payments of up to €40 million will be payable from 2025, contingent on 
future business model performance.  The transaction is expected to impact CET1 capital by c.80 basis points on 
completion in 2022 and will be financed through existing resources. 
Davy also announced on 22 July 2021 that it is selling Davy Global Fund Management (“DGFM”) and its 
shareholding in Rize ETF to separate third parties. As a result, Davy is expected to have a significant excess cash 
position at completion over and above that which is required to run the business. The Group will also pay for such 
excess cash, due to be finalised at completion, which will be largely comprised of the proceeds of these disposals, 
currently estimated to be c.€125 million. 
Completion of the Davy acquisition is conditional on the satisfaction of customary conditions including 
approval by the Central Bank of Ireland and the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission. 
The Group announced annual interim results in respect of the first six months ended 30 June 2021 on 3 
August 2021, and the unaudited consolidated financial statements are incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
The announcement updated the market on the Group’s financial performance; the Group’s loan asset quality and 
loan loss impairment charges; and two significant inorganic opportunities which complement the Group’s 
strategy, namely the planned acquisitions of Davy and KBC Bank Ireland. 
On 27 September 2021, the Group announced that Mr. Myles O’Grady informed the Board of BOIG of his 
intention to step down as Group Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director of BOIG and BOI.  Mr O’Grady 
is expected to leave the Group in March 2022 and a process to appoint his successor is underway. 
2021 EU-Wide Stress Test 
On 30 July 2021, the EBA published the results of the 2021 EU-wide stress test, which involved 50 banks 
from 15 EU and EEA countries, covering 70 per cent. of the EU banking sector assets. The 2021 EU-wide stress 
test does not contain a pass/fail threshold and instead is designed to be used as an important source of information 
for the purposes of the SREP. The results will assist competent authorities in assessing the Group’s ability to meet 
applicable prudential requirements under stressed scenarios. 
The stress test scenario was set by the ECB/European Systemic Risk Board and covers a three-year time 
horizon (2021-2023). The stress test has been carried out applying a static balance sheet assumption as of 
December 2020, and therefore does not take into account future business strategies and management actions. It is 
not a forecast of the Group’s profits.  In the stress test two scenarios were run; a baseline scenario and an adverse 
scenario which assumes a severe economic downturn. In the baseline scenario the Group maintains a CET1 ratio 
of 14.1% (regulatory) and 13.9% (fully loaded) in 2023. In the adverse scenario this ratio decreases to 8.8% 
(regulatory) and 8.1% (fully loaded) in 2023. 
Regulation 
During the first half of 2020, regulatory authorities and the European Commission announced various 
measures and proposals to ensure banks continue to fund the real economy and to maximise the ability of banks 
to lend and absorb losses related to the Covid-19 pandemic and alleviate the immediate impact of Covid-19 
developments. These measures include (i) capital relief by allowing banks to operate below Pillar 2 Guidance and 
the capital conservation buffer, delayed implementation of measures and reduction in capital requirements; and 
(ii) payment breaks and mortgage holidays to customers. These measures are discussed in more detail below. 
Supervision 
Historically, the Central Bank has had overall responsibility for the authorisation and supervision of credit 
institutions operating in Ireland. The SSM Regulation established the Single Supervisory Mechanism (the “SSM”) 
for credit institutions established in the Eurozone and other Member States that opt in to the SSM. The SSM 
Regulation transferred to the ECB supervisory responsibility and decision-making powers in respect of core 
activities. An institution categorised as significant (a “Significant Institution”) for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) No 468/2014 of the European Central Bank (ECB/2014/17) is directly supervised by a Joint Supervisory 
Team consisting of both ECB and Central Bank supervisors (a “JST”). In practice, SSM supervision of the Group 
is carried out in cooperation with the Central Bank. 
Regulatory capital regime applicable to the Group 
The Group's compliance with the prudential requirements of regulatory developments, including CRD IV, 
CRD V, CRR and CRR II, and the CRD Regulations, is significantly dependent on the SSM's interpretation and 
decisions in relation to these requirements following its periodic inspections of the Group within the scope of the

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
SSM Regulation. Certain Group subsidiaries and operations are subject to the supervision of other local 
supervisory authorities. For example, the Group's business in the UK is subject to the supervision of the PRA and 
joint decisions of the ECB and PRA are issued with respect to Bank of Ireland (UK) plc's capital requirements. 
From 1 January 2014, the Group has been regulated under CRD IV. This has introduced significant changes 
in the prudential regulatory regime applicable to banks including: increased minimum levels of capital; enhanced 
quality standards for qualifying capital, increased risk weighting of assets, particularly in relation to market risk 
and counterparty credit risk; and the introduction of a leverage ratio and new liquidity metrics. CRD IV provides 
for some of these measures to be phased in over transitional periods up to 2024, although the implementation of 
some of these measures had been delayed in accordance with the Quick Fix to CRR II (as defined below). 
The countercyclical capital buffer (“CCyB”) is independently set in each country by the relevant designated 
authority. The CCyB is applied in proportion to an institution's RWA exposures in the particular country. CCyB 
rates are subject to quarterly review by the relevant designated authority. In reaction to the Covid-19 pandemic, 
the Bank of England and the Central Bank announced, on 11 and 18 March 2020, respectively, the reduction of 
CCyB to 0 per cent. with immediate effect in the UK and from 1 April 2020 in Ireland. The respective central 
banks have confirmed that the 0 per cent. rates will remain in effect until at least the end of 2022. Any CCyB 
increase is subject to a 12 month implementation phase. 
CRD IV and CRD V introduce minimum liquidity requirements for regulated entities including the Liquidity 
Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) which requires banks to have sufficient high-quality liquid assets to withstand a 30-day 
stressed funding scenario.  
Additionally, the Net Stability Funding Ratio (“NSFR”), which requires a bank to have sufficient stable 
funding to meet its funding needs over a one-year horizon, became a binding requirement in June 2021, following 
the adoption of CRR II amending CRR. 
On 12 March 2020, the ECB announced a number of measures to ensure its directly supervised banks can 
continue to fund the real economy as the economic effects of the Covid-19 pandemic become apparent, including 
allowing banks to operate temporarily below the level of capital defined by the Pillar 2 Guidance, the capital 
conservation buffer and the LCR. On 28 July 2020, the ECB confirmed its commitment to allow banks to operate 
below the Pillar 2 Guidance and the combined buffer requirement4 until at least end-2022, and below the LCR 
until at least end-2021, without automatically triggering supervisory actions. 
The section above entitled “Regulatory Group capital requirements / buffers” sets out the Regulatory 
Group's CET1 capital requirements for 2021 and the CCyB and O-SII buffer applicable to the Group. 
On 11 July 2019, the Irish Government agreed to introduce legislation to confer on the Central Bank the 
powers to activate the Systemic Risk Buffer at a future date. On 18 March 2020, the Minister for Finance in 
Ireland decided to defer the introduction of the Systemic Risk Buffer while all of the key players in the banking 
sector are working together to support customers through the Covid-19 pandemic. In accordance with Article 
131(15) of CRD IV, once in place, the Systemic Risk Buffer will be cumulative with the O-SII buffer in respect 
of the Group. The Central Bank has confirmed that it does not intend to begin any phase-in of the Systemic Risk 
Buffer in 2021. 
Amendments and supplements to the capital requirements 
The CRD Regulations adopted in Ireland may change or be supplemented, whether as a result of (i) further 
changes to CRD IV adopted by EU legislators (as described above and further below), (ii) revisions to capital 
requirements as a result of proposals by the BCBS, (iii) binding regulatory technical standards to be developed by 
the EBA, (iv) targeted reviews of individual models, which are used to calculate capital requirements, previously 
granted under CRD II and/or CRD III, and (v) requirements applied to Irish banks or otherwise. Such changes, 
either individually and/or in aggregate, may lead to further requirements in relation to the Group’s capital, 
leverage, liquidity and funding ratios or alter the way such ratios are calculated.  
Legislation implementing amendments to the CRR, CRD IV, the BRRD and the SRM Regulation on 
(collectively, the “EU Banking Reforms”) was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 
2019. The EU Banking Reforms include the introduction into EU legislation of (i) a NSFR, (ii) a binding leverage 
ratio requirement, (iii) the BCBS' Fundamental Review of the Trading Book, incorporating a revised treatment 
for the calculation of own funds requirements for market risk, (iv) the Standardised Approach to Counterparty 
Credit Risk, and (v) other regulatory measures. Additionally, further clarity is provided in respect of the Pillar 2 
supervisory review process, in particular the conditions which can lead to additional capital requirements and the 
split between Pillar 2 Requirements and Pillar 2 Guidance. The EU Banking Reforms also bring “financial holding 
                                                     
4 Comprising the Capital Conservation Buffer, Countercyclical Capital Buffer, O-SII and Systemic Risk Buffer, as applicable

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
companies”, as defined in the CRR, within the scope of the EU prudential framework, potentially imposing greater 
regulatory responsibilities and associated enforcement and reputational risk on the Issuers. 
On 16 January 2020, the Group received official notification from the ECB that BOIG has been identified 
and classified as a financial conglomerate since 17 December 2019.  This will entail supplementary supervision 
by the ECB. Prior to this, a waiver applied to the Group by the supervisory authorities for financial conglomerate 
supervisory purposes.  
The Financial Conglomerates Directive (EC/2002/87), which was transposed into Irish law by S.I. 727/2004 
and was subsequently amended in 2011, 2014 and 2018 (the “FICOD”), gives the ECB additional responsibilities 
and tools to supervise financial conglomerates. While specific banking and insurance regulations are already 
applicable to the banking activities of financial conglomerates, the FICOD requires supervisors to apply 
supplementary supervision to financial groups in order to reduce the risks inherent in their activities.  Following 
the financial crisis, the FICOD was amended in 2011 to give the ECB new powers to oversee conglomerates' 
parent entities, such as holding companies. This allows banking, insurance and supplementary supervision to 
happen at the same time, thereby improving upon certain ineffective elements of previous policies identified 
during the crisis. 
The supplementary supervisory requirements are defined in the FICOD and relate to capital adequacy, risk 
concentration, intragroup transactions and internal control mechanisms. 
The EU Banking Reforms also introduced new leverage ratio related maximum distributable amount (“L-
MDA”) and MREL-based maximum distributable amount (“M-MDA”) restrictions, which are in addition to the 
RWA-based maximum distributable amount restriction originally contained in Article 141 of the Capital 
Requirements Directive. The L-MDA will initially apply to EU financial institutions which have been designated 
as global systematically important financial institutions, but may in due course be extended to other systemically 
important institutions (“O-SIIs”) which could include the Issuers. The L-MDA limits the amounts of certain 
discretionary payments which may be made by a relevant institution which is not meeting its leverage ratio 
requirements in full. The M-MDA will apply to all EU banking groups from 1 January 2022, and grants the 
relevant resolution authority the power to limit the amounts of certain discretionary payments which may be made 
by a relevant institution which is not meeting its MREL requirements in full.  
Additional capital and liquidity requirements or guidance and other requirements, whether based on an 
interpretation of current rules or the application of new rules or guidance being proposed by EU legislators, could 
also be imposed on the Group as a result of the SREP or EBA stress testing, including a revision of the level of 
the Pillar 2 requirement and/or Pillar 2 guidance, which are a point-in-time assessment and therefore subject to 
change over time. 
On 28 April 2020, the European Commission proposed certain targeted amendments to the CRR in order to 
maximise the ability of banks to lend and absorb losses related to the Covid-19 pandemic and alleviate the 
immediate impact of Covid-19 developments. The amendments were proposed in a draft Regulation of the 
European Parliament and of the Council amending Regulations (EU) No 575/2013 and (EU) 2019/876 as regards 
certain adjustments in response to the Covid-19 pandemic (the “CRR Amendment Regulation”). On 19 June 
2020, the European Parliament adopted the CRR Amendment Regulation. The CRR Amendment Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) No 2020/873) became applicable on 27 June 2020. Further detail on the CRR Amendment 
Regulation is set out below:  
(i) 
to mitigate the potential negative impact of IFRS 9 during the Covid-19 pandemic, the Commission 
proposed an extension of the current IFRS 9 transitional arrangements in the CRR by two years, extending 
to 2024, in line with the international agreement of the BCBS. This would allow banks to fully add back 
to Common Equity Tier 1 capital any increase in new expected credit loss provisions recognised in 2020 
and 2021 in respect of financial assets which are not credit-impaired. The amount that could be added back 
from 2022 to 2024 would decrease in a linear manner. The reference date for any increase in provisions 
that would be subject to the extended transitional arrangements is moved from 1 January 2018 to 1 January 
2020, to ensure the additional relief would likely be related to the Covid-19 pandemic; 
(ii) 
the CRR introduced a discretion to temporarily exclude central bank reserves from a bank's leverage ratio 
calculation in exceptional circumstances. The exemption may be granted for up to one year and any impact 
of the exclusion of central bank reserves is fully offset via a mechanism that increases an institution's 
individual leverage ratio requirement in a proportionate manner. This discretion, together with the leverage 
ratio requirement, became applicable from 28 June 2021. However, in light of the Covid-19 pandemic, the 
Commission proposed modifying the offsetting mechanism. In particular, a bank that exercises the 
discretion would still be required to calculate an adjusted leverage ratio but, unlike under the existing 
offsetting mechanism, it would be required to calculate it only once, at the moment it exercises the

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
discretion and based on the value of the institution’s eligible central bank reserves and total exposure 
measure at such time. The adjusted leverage ratio would not change throughout the full period during 
which the discretion is exercised. In June 2021, the ECB extended the leverage ratio relief until March 
2022; 
(iii) 
CRR II introduced provisions to change the regulatory treatment of prudently valued software assets, the 
value of which is not materially affected by the resolution, insolvency or liquidation of an institution. Under 
Article 36(1)(b) of the CRR, institutions will not be required to deduct these particular software assets from 
their Common Equity Tier 1 capital. The EBA was mandated, per Article 36(4) of the CRR, to develop a 
draft Regulatory Technical Standard (“RTS”) to specify how this exemption from deductions is to be 
applied, by defining the scope of software assets to be exempted and how they will be risk-weighted. In 14 
October 2020, following a consultation process, the EBA published the final RTS, which entered into force 
on 13 November 2020. The impact of these revisions has been recognised in full in the Group’s capital 
ratios at 30 June 2021; and 
(iv) 
CRR II provides for more favourable capital treatment of certain exposures to SMEs and entities that 
operate or finance physical structures or facilities, systems and networks that provide or support essential 
public services with a view to incentivise institutions to prudently increase lending to those entities. These 
changes were due to come into effect on 28 June 2021 however in light of the Covid-19 pandemic, the date 
of application was brought forward to the date of entry into force of the CRR Amendment Regulation. The 
impact of these changes has been recognised in full in the Group’s capital ratios at 30 June 2021. 
On 9 June 2020, the Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee of Members of the European Parliament 
(“MEPs”) approved the draft CRR Amendment Regulation. In addition to the targeted amendments announced 
on 28 April 2020, MEPs also agreed two further amendments, which were included as part of the CRR 
Amendment Regulation:  
(i) 
In order to support funding options in non-Euro member states fighting the consequences of the Covid-19 
pandemic, the Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee reintroduced transitional arrangements related 
to preferential treatment for when governments and central banks are exposed to bonds denominated in 
currencies of non-Euro member states and prolonged transitional periods with respect to their treatment 
under the large exposure limits. These transitional arrangements include lower risk weighting being applied 
each year until 31 December 2024; and 
(ii) 
Taking into account the extraordinary impact of the Covid-19 pandemic and the extreme levels of volatility 
in the financial markets leading to increased yields for public debt and in turn to unrealised losses on banks' 
holdings of public debt, MEPs agreed to introduce a temporary prudential filter to calculate gains and 
losses accumulated since 31 December 2019 and to neutralise their impact. The prudential filter would be 
applied during the period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2022. 
MREL requirements 
To support the effectiveness of bail-in and other resolution tools, Article 130(1) of the BRRD required that 
from 1 January 2016 Member States apply the BRRD's provisions requiring EU credit institutions and certain 
investment firms (collectively, BRRD Institutions) to maintain MREL, subject to the provisions of the MREL 
regulatory technical standards. 
The MREL requirements are determined on a case-by case basis taking into account (i) resolvability; (ii) 
capital adequacy; (iii) sufficiency of eligible liabilities; (iv) participation in a deposit guarantee scheme; (v) 
business risks (business model, funding, risk profile); and (vi) systemic risk (interconnectedness). The Group's 
MREL requirements are set by the Single Resolution Board (the “SRB”), in consultation with the SSM and the 
Bank of England. 
In light of the Covid-19 pandemic, the SRB confirmed in a letter to all banks under its remit that it will (i) 
postpone less urgent information or data requests related to the 2020 resolution planning cycle; (ii) reflect the 
capital relief measures provided to banks in future MREL decisions; and (iii) analyse market conditions and the 
impact on transition periods needed for the build-up of MREL. In respect of existing binding MREL targets, the 
SRB confirmed its intention to take a forward-looking approach to banks that may face difficulties meeting those 
targets before new decisions take effect. 
The Group’s interim binding MREL requirements, to be met by 1 January 2022, are 24.95 per cent. on an 
RWA basis and 7.59 per cent. on a leverage basis. The MREL RWA requirement consists of a SRB target of 20.95 
per cent. (based on the Group’s capital requirements as at 30 June 2020) and the Group’s expected Combined

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
Buffer Requirement (“CBR”) of 4 per cent. on 1 January 2022 (comprising the Capital Conservation Buffer of 
2.5 per cent. and an O-SII buffer of 1.5 per cent.).  
The SRB target is subject to annual review; while the CBR is dynamic, updating as changes in capital 
requirements become effective. Therefore the Group’s 2024 MREL requirement is expected to increase to c. 28 
per cent. (based on expected December 2021 regulatory capital requirements) as the SRB target is updated to 
reflect the phase-in of the O-SII buffer and the phase-out of MREL adjustments.  
The Group’s MREL position at 30 June 2021 was 27.6 per cent. on an RWA basis and 10.4 per cent. on a 
leverage basis. The Group expects to maintain a buffer over its MREL requirements. 
BRRD and SRM 
The BRRD, which establishes a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, has been implemented in Ireland by the European Union (Bank Recovery and Resolution) 
Regulations 2015 (as amended) and in the UK through amendments to the SRR established under the Banking 
Act 2009. 
Under the BRRD, competent authorities and resolution authorities are given power to, among other things: 
• 
require banks to prepare recovery plans and cooperate with resolution authorities in the preparation of 
resolution plans; 
• 
take early intervention measures to prevent a bank’s financial position from deteriorating, including 
replacing management or installing a temporary administrator in place of existing management; 
• 
appoint a special manager in place of existing management; and 
• 
implement resolution tools to manage the orderly resolution of a failing institution, including: (i) selling 
the institution or all or part of the business of the institution (the “sale of business tool”); (ii) 
transferring the institution or all or part of the business of the institution to a bridge institution (the 
“bridge institution tool”); (iii) transferring assets and liabilities of an institution to one or more asset 
management vehicles (the asset separation tool); and (iv) writing down capital instruments of an 
institution and writing down or converting to equity certain liabilities of an institution (the bail-in tool). 
As part of the initiative for a European banking union, the EU has established the SRM under the SRM 
Regulation which entered into force on 19 August 2014. Under the SRM, a single resolution process applies to all 
banks established in Member States participating in the SSM, such as the Group, and the process is co-ordinated 
by a new centralised European resolution authority, the SRB which is an independent agency established under 
the SRM Regulation.  
Credit institutions to which the BRRD applies that are subsidiaries of other credit institutions to which the 
BRRD applies, such as Bank of Ireland (UK) plc, may be subject to independent resolution action by their national 
resolution authorities in addition to (but generally in coordination with) action taken by the resolution authority 
supervising the parent entity. 
See the risk factors entitled “The Group is subject to regulatory regimes which may require that it holds or 
raises additional capital and/or eligible liabilities or result in increased costs” and “The Group’s business and 
operations are subject to substantial regulation and supervision and can be negatively affected by its non-
compliance with certain existing regulatory requirements and any adverse regulatory and governmental 
developments” for further detail. 
Other Policy Initiatives in response to Covid-19  
ECB 
In March 2020, the ECB updated its recommendation to banks on dividend distributions on 27 March 2020, 
recommending that banks should not pay dividends for the financial years 2019 and 2020 until at least 1 October 
2020 in order to boost capacity to absorb losses and support lending to households, small businesses and 
corporates during the Covid-19 pandemic. Banks should also refrain from share buy-backs aimed at remunerating 
shareholders. Furthermore, the ECB’s Supervisory Board and the EBA have encouraged banks to exercise 
moderation regarding variable remuneration at this time. 
On 28 July 2020, the ECB announced an extension of its dividend recommendation until 1 January 2021 
(Recommendation ECB/2020/35).

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
On 15 December 2020, the ECB repealed Recommendation ECB/2020/35 and consequently recommended 
that until 30 September 2021 banks exercise extreme prudence on dividends and share buy-backs 
(Recommendation ECB/2020/62). The ECB noted that it considered that it would not be prudent for banks to 
consider making distributions and share buy-backs amounting to more than 15 per cent. of their accumulated 
profit for the financial years 2019 and 2020, or more than 20 basis points in terms of the Common Equity Tier 1 
ratio, whichever is lower. 
On 23 July 2021, the ECB decided not to extend beyond September 2021 its recommendation that all banks 
limit dividends. Instead, supervisors will assess the capital and distribution plans of each bank as part of the regular 
supervisory process. 
EBA 
In March 2020, the EBA confirmed its support for the measures taken and proposed by national governments 
and EU bodies to address the adverse systemic economic impact of the Covid-19 pandemic in the form of general 
loan payment moratoria. Further, the EBA published guidelines in April 2020, aiming to clarify that payment 
moratoria do not trigger classification as forbearance or distressed restructuring if the measures taken are based 
on the applicable national law or on an industry or sector-wide private initiative agreed and applied broadly by 
the relevant credit institutions. These guidelines were applicable to payment moratoria applied before 30 
September 2020. In December 2020, the EBA announced it was reactivating its guidelines on payment moratoria 
and introducing a new end date of 31 March 2021. The EBA’s decision means that, for a limited period, where 
national payment moratoria meet the conditions of the EBA’s Guidelines, banks granting such payment breaks to 
customers do not have to automatically reclassify exposures as forborne or defaulted in line with the definition of 
distressed restructuring under the existing regulatory framework. The extension includes stricter conditions than 
those accompanying the original guidelines; specifically: 
1. introducing a cap of nine months on the maximum duration of any individual payment break; and 
2. requiring banks to notify the relevant competent authority of their plan on how to assess the unlikeliness 
to pay for the exposures subject to the general payment moratoria. 
As there was no open national general payment moratoria scheme currently operating in Ireland, this decision 
had no immediate effect for Irish borrowers. 
The EBA also highlighted that when applying IFRS 9, institutions are expected to use a certain degree of 
judgement and to distinguish between borrowers whose credit standing would not be significantly affected by the 
current situation in the long term, and those who would be unlikely to restore their creditworthiness. 
Central Bank  
In March 2020, the Central Bank Banking and Payments Federation Ireland (“BPFI”) agreed that there 
would be no impediments to banks introducing Covid-19 Payment Breaks in respect of mortgages, and personal 
and business loans for those affected by the pandemic. The initial payment break was for a three-month period; 
on 30 April 2020 the BPFI confirmed that a further three-month extension to the payment break would be made 
available to those who continued to be directly impacted by the Covid-19 pandemic. This extension arrangement 
would also be available to those affected by the Covid-19 pandemic who had not yet applied for a payment break. 
On 28 September 2020, following a meeting between the Irish Government, CEOs of five retail banks and the 
BPFI, the Irish Government announced that Irish situate banks would not accept new applications for Covid-19 
Payment Breaks after 30 September 2020. It was also agreed with the retail banks that where a borrower would, 
after the end of a Covid-19 Payment Break period, be unable to meet their repayment obligations, the provision 
of other payment breaks, as well as other forbearance options, will be considered on a case-by-case basis by the 
retail banks.  
In the UK, the Chancellor of the Exchequer announced in March 2020 that it had agreed with industry bodies 
that mortgage lenders would offer at least a three-month mortgage holiday to borrowers affected by the Covid-19 
pandemic. In May 2020, the UK government announced an extension of the mortgage holiday for a further three 
months and extended the application period until 31 October 2020 for borrowers who had not previously had a 
payment holiday and are experiencing financial difficulty. In January 2021, the FCA published updated guidance 
outlining enhanced support that should be available to borrowers experiencing payment difficulties due to Covid-
19. The guidance updates the FCA’s expectations of mortgage lenders to extend the availability of payment 
deferrals until 31 July 2021. Mortgage lenders are expected to allow customers defer up to 6 monthly payments 
in total, but should not provide deferrals beyond 31 July 2021.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
Finalisation of Basel III 
In a statement released on 27 March 2020, the BCBS announced a proposal to delay the proposed 
implementation of its Basel III finalisation measures from 1 January 2022 by one year to 1 January 2023.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF BOI 
General 
BOI is, directly or indirectly, the parent of a group of subsidiary companies operating in the financial services 
sector.  
BOI was established as a chartered corporation by an Act of the Irish Parliament of 1781/2 and by a Royal 
Charter of King George III in 1783. The Group is one of the largest financial services groups in Ireland with total 
assets of €150 billion at 30 June 2021. The address of the registered office of BOI is 40 Mespil Road, Dublin 4, 
Ireland. BOI’s telephone number is + 353 1 637 8000. 
BOI’s LEI is Q2GQA2KF6XJ24W42G291. 
The Group provides a broad range of banking and other financial services. These services include: current 
account and deposit services, overdrafts, term loans, mortgages, business and corporate lending, international 
asset financing, leasing, instalment credit, invoice discounting, foreign exchange facilities, interest and exchange 
rate hedging instruments, life assurance, pension, investment and protection products. All of these services are 
provided by the Group in Ireland with selected services being offered in the UK and internationally. The Group 
generates the majority of its revenue from traditional lending and deposit taking activities as well as fees for a 
range of banking and transaction services. The Group also has access to distribution in the UK via its partnership 
with the AA, its relationship as financial services partner with the UK Post Office and through a number of 
strategic intermediary relationships.  
The Group is organised into four trading segments as follows: Retail Ireland, Wealth and Insurance, Retail 
UK and Corporate and Markets; and one support division, Group Centre, to serve its customers effectively. 
Group Centre comprises Group Technology and Customer Solutions, Group Finance, Group Risk, People 
Services, Group Strategy and Development and Group Internal Audit (“GIA”). The Group’s central functions 
establish and oversee policies and provide and manage processes and delivery platforms for the trading segments. 
BOI’s website is: https://www.bankofireland.com. 
Operating Segments 
The Group has five reportable operating segments which reflect the internal financial and management 
reporting structure and are organised as follows: 
Retail Ireland 
Retail Ireland is one of the largest providers of financial services in Ireland with a network of branches across 
the country, mobile and online banking applications and customer contact centres. Retail Ireland offers a broad 
range of financial products and services including current accounts, savings, mortgages, credit cards, motor 
finance and loans to personal and business banking customers and is managed through a number of customer 
focused business lines namely EveryDay Banking, Home Buying (including Bank of Ireland Mortgage Bank) and 
Business Banking (including Bank of Ireland Finance) supported by Distribution, Marketing and Risk 
Management partners. 
Wealth and Insurance  
Wealth and Insurance includes the Group’s life assurance subsidiary New Ireland Assurance Company plc 
(“NIAC”) which distributes protection, investment and pension products to the Irish market, across three core 
channels made up of the Group’s distribution channels, independent financial brokers, its own financial advisor 
network as well as corporate partners. It also includes Investment Markets and the Group’s general insurance 
brokerage, Bank of Ireland Insurance Services, which offers home, car and travel insurance cover through its 
agency with insurance providers. 
Retail UK 
Retail UK incorporates the financial services partnership and foreign exchange joint venture with the UK 
Post Office, the financial services partnership with the AA, the UK residential mortgage business, the Group’s 
branch network in Northern Ireland (“NI”), the Group’s business banking business in NI and the Northridge 
Finance motor and asset finance, vehicle leasing and fleet management business. The Group also has a business 
banking business in Great Britain which is being run-down. The Retail UK division includes the activities of Bank 
of Ireland (UK) plc, the Group’s wholly owned UK licenced banking subsidiary.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
Corporate and Markets 
Corporate and Markets (formerly Corporate and Treasury) incorporates the Group's corporate banking, 
wholesale financial markets, specialised acquisition finance and large transaction property lending business, 
across the Republic of Ireland, UK and internationally, with offices in the Republic of Ireland, the UK, the United 
States, Germany, France and Spain.   
Group Centre 
Group Centre comprises Group Technology and Customer Solutions, Group Finance, Group Risk, People 
Services, Group Strategy and Development and GIA.  These Group central functions establish and oversee policies 
and provide and manage certain processes and delivery platforms for the divisions. 
Court of Directors 
The business address of the Court of Directors of BOI (the “Court”) is Bank of Ireland, 40 Mespil Road, Dublin 
4, Ireland. 
Name  
Current position  
Principal Outside Activities  
Patrick Kennedy 
Governor 
Chairman 
of 
Cartrawler. 
Honorary 
Treasurer of the Irish Rugby Football 
Union.  
Francesca McDonagh  
Group Chief Executive Officer; 
Executive Director 
Director of IBEC CLG, member of the PRA 
Practitioner Panel. 
Evelyn Bourke*  
Non-Executive Director  
Non-executive Director of Marks & 
Spencer Group plc and member of its Audit 
and 
Nomination 
Committees. 
Non-
executive director of Admiral Group plc 
and AJ Bell plc. Member of board of The 
Ireland Fund of Great Britain. 
Giles Andrews 
Non-Executive Director 
Non-executive Director of Zopa Group 
Limited. Chairman of Bethnal Green 
Ventures. Non-executive Chairman of 
Market Finance Limited. Non-executive 
Chairman of Carwow Limited. Advisory 
role to Northzone Ventures.  
Ian Buchanan  
Non-Executive Director  
None.  
Eileen Fitzpatrick*  
Non-Executive Director  
Chair of the Outside Appointments Board, 
Department of Public Expenditure and 
Reform. 
Non-Executive 
Director 
and 
organisational effectiveness director of a 
number of KKR investment management 
firms in Ireland.  
Richard Goulding* 
Deputy Governor; Senior 
Independent Director; Non-
Executive Director 
Non-executive Director of Zopa Bank 
Limited, where he is Chair of the Risk 
Committee and a member of the Audit, 
Nomination 
and 
Remuneration 
Committees. Member of the Council of the 
Royal College of Music. 
Michele Greene 
Non-Executive Director 
Director of Mololo Limited. 
 
 
 
Myles O’Grady1 
Group Chief Financial Officer; 
Executive Director 
None. 
Fiona Muldoon*  
Non-Executive Director  
None.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
Steve Pateman* 
Non-Executive Director 
Non-executive Director of ActivTrades 
Loans plc. President of the UK Chartered 
Banker Institute. 
___ 
* Audit committee member 
1 On 27 September 2021, the Group announced that Mr. Myles O’Grady informed the Board of BOIG of his intention to step down 
as Group Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director of BOIG and BOI.  Mr O’Grady is expected to leave the Group in March 
2022 and a process to appoint his successor is underway. 
Conflicts of interest 
BOI is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to BOI of the persons listed under 
“Court of Directors” above and their private interests or other duties. 
Corporate Governance 
A key objective of the Group’s governance framework is to ensure compliance with applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements. BOI is subject to the Central Bank’s Corporate Governance Requirements for Credit 
Institutions  2015 (the “Irish Code”, which is available on www.centralbank.ie), including the additional 
requirements of Appendix 1 and Appendix 2 of the Irish Code for High Impact Designated Institutions, and Credit 
Institutions which are deemed ‘Significant’ Institutions (for the purposes of the Capital Requirements Directive 
(“CRD IV”)), respectively.  BOI was subject to the UK Corporate Governance Code 2016 published by the 
Financial Reporting Council in the UK (the “UK Code” which is available on www.frc.org.uk) and the Irish 
Corporate Governance Annex to the Listing Rules of Euronext Dublin (the “Irish Annex” which is available on 
www.ise.ie) until 7 July 2017.  Thereafter, the Irish Annex and certain provision of the UK Code ceased to apply 
to BOI. 
The Directors believe that BOI complied with the provisions of the Irish Code throughout 2020. The 
Directors also believe that BOI complied with applicable provisions of the UK Code, and the Irish Annex, during 
2020. 
The Group believes it has robust governance arrangements, which include a clear organisational structure 
with well defined, transparent and consistent lines of responsibility, effective processes to identify, manage, 
monitor and report the risks to which it is or might be exposed and appropriate internal control mechanisms, 
including sound administrative and accounting procedures, IT systems and controls. The system of governance is 
subject to regular internal review. Additionally, BOI is subject to the EBA Guidelines on Internal Governance 
which reinforces the responsibility of the management body for sound governance arrangements. 
Court Audit Committee (the “CAC”) 
At the date of this Prospectus, the CAC comprised five Non-executive Directors. The Court believes that the Chair 
of the CAC, Evelyn Bourke, is considered independent, that she is the member of the Audit Committee with recent 
and relevant financial experience for the purposes of the UK Corporate Governance Code and that the CAC as a 
whole has an appropriate mix of skills and relevant financial/banking experience to enable it to discharge its 
responsibilities. The CAC has responsibility for:  
• 
the appropriateness and completeness of the system of internal control;  
• 
in close liaison with the Court Risk Committee, reviewing the manner and framework in which 
management ensures and monitors the adequacy of the nature, extent and effectiveness of internal control 
systems, including accounting control systems, thereby maintaining an effective system of internal control;  
• 
monitoring the integrity of the financial statements and assisting the Court in meeting its obligations under 
relevant Stock Exchange listing rules and under other applicable laws and regulations;  
• 
overseeing all matters relating to the relationship between the BOI and the external auditors of BOI and its 
subsidiaries;  
• 
monitoring and reviewing the effectiveness of BOI’s Internal Audit function and its operations; and  
• 
discharging the statutory responsibility of BOI under relevant statutes or regulations.  
The CAC is responsible for developing and implementing a Group Policy on the Provision of Non-Audit Services 
by the Group’s statutory auditor. The Group Policy ensures, among other things, that auditor objectivity and 
independence are not compromised. Under this Policy, a key procedural control requires that any engagement of 
the external auditors to provide non-audit services must be pre-approved by the CAC.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
 
Financial Highlights of the BOI Group 
The financial information set forth below as at and for the period ended 30 June 2021, year ended 31 
December 2020 and the year ended 31 December 2019 has been extracted without material adjustment from the 
consolidated financial statements of BOI, except where noted below. 
Financial information of BOI 
 
 
Six months ended 
Twelve months ended  
Twelve months ended 
 
30 June 2021 
(unaudited) 
31 December 2020 
(audited) 
31 December 2019 
(audited) 
 
 
 
 
 
IFRS 
IFRS 
IFRS 
 
€m 
€m 
€m 
Income statement 
 
 
 
Profit / (Loss) before tax  
406 
(776) 
639 
Profit / (Loss) after tax  
341 
(721) 
443 
 
 
 
 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
Non-controlling interests  
2 
2 
2 
Subordinated liabilities  
1,963 
1,436 
1,693 
Total equity  
9,592 
8,930 
9,753 
Total assets  
149,955 
133,786 
131,918 
 
 
 
 
The summary information above does not constitute the full financial statements of the BOI Group, copies 
of which are required to be annexed to the BOI Group’s annual return to the Registrar of Companies in Ireland. 
Copies of the financial statements in respect of the financial periods ended on 30 June 2021, 31 December 2020 
and 31 December 2019 have been incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
TAXATION 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the Issuer’s 
country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the Notes. 
General 
The relevant Issuer will not be responsible for any withholding tax in any jurisdiction other than Ireland. 
United Kingdom Taxation  
The following is a summary of the Issuers’ understanding of current United Kingdom law and published 
HM Revenue and Customs’ practice relating only to the United Kingdom withholding tax treatment of 
payments of interest (as that term is understood for United Kingdom tax purposes) in respect of Notes.  It does 
not deal with any other United Kingdom taxation implications of acquiring, holding or disposing of Notes.  The 
United Kingdom tax treatment of prospective holders of Notes depends on their individual circumstances and 
may be subject to change in the future.  Prospective holders of Notes who may be subject to tax in a jurisdiction 
other than the United Kingdom or who may be unsure as to their tax position should seek their own professional 
advice.     
Payments of interest on the Notes that does not have a United Kingdom source may be made without 
deduction or withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax. 
Irish Taxation  
This section constitutes a brief summary of relevant current Irish tax law and practice with regard to 
holders of Notes issued under the Programme. The comments are not exhaustive and relate only to the position 
of persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of Notes and Coupons and may not apply to certain classes 
of persons such as Dealers. Prospective holders of Notes should be aware that the particular terms of issue of 
any Notes may affect the treatment of that Series of Notes. Holders of Notes should seek independent tax advice 
on the implications of subscribing or buying, holding, selling, redeeming or disposing of the Notes. 
Withholding Tax 
In general, withholding tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) must be deducted from 
Irish source yearly interest payments made by an Irish company (for these purposes interest includes premia but 
not discounts). However, no withholding for or on account of Irish income tax is required to be made from yearly 
interest in the circumstances set out below. 
Quoted Eurobonds 
Notes which are quoted on a recognised stock exchange and carry a right to interest constitute “quoted 
Eurobonds” under Section 64 of the Irish Taxes Consolidation Act, 1997 (“TCA”). So long as Notes continue to 
qualify as quoted Eurobonds, interest payments may be made by a paying agent outside Ireland on behalf of the 
Bank without deduction of withholding tax. In addition, where interest is paid by a paying agent in Ireland in 
respect of a quoted Eurobond, withholding tax will not apply provided: 
(a) the Notes are held in a recognised clearing system; or 
(b) the person who is the beneficial owner of the Note and who is beneficially entitled to the interest is not 
resident in Ireland and has made the appropriate declaration to the relevant person. 
Interest paid by BOI 
Regardless of whether or not the Notes are listed, interest paid by BOI, a bank carrying on a bona fide 
banking business in Ireland in the ordinary course of such business is exempt from withholding tax. 
Interest paid on a wholesale debt instrument 
A “wholesale debt instrument” includes commercial paper (as defined in Section 246A(1) of the TCA.  In 
that context “commercial paper” means a debt instrument, either in physical or electronic form, relating to money 
in any currency, which is issued by a company, recognises an obligation to pay a stated amount, carries a right to 
interest or is issued at a discount or at a premium, and matures within 2 years.  The exemption from Irish 
withholding tax applies if:

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
(i) 
the wholesale debt instrument is held in a recognised clearing system (which includes Clearstream, 
DTC and Euroclear); and 
(ii) the wholesale debt instrument is of an approved denomination; and in this context an approved 
denomination means a denomination of not less than: 
(A) in the case of an instrument denominated in euro, €500,000; 
(B) in the case of an instrument denominated in United States Dollars, US$500,000; or 
(C) in the case of an instrument denominated in a currency other than euro or United States Dollars, 
the equivalent in that other currency of €500,000 (using the conversion rate applicable at the time 
the programme under which the instrument is to be issued is first publicised. 
Interest paid in the ordinary course of business to certain non-residents 
If, for any reason, the exemptions referred to above do not apply, interest payments may still be made free 
of withholding tax provided that the interest is paid in the ordinary course of the relevant Issuer’s business and 
the Noteholder is: 
(i) 
a company which (1) by virtue of the law of a member state of the European Union (other than Ireland) 
or a country with which Ireland has signed a double tax treaty (“Relevant Territory”), is resident in 
the Relevant Territory for the purposes of tax, and that Relevant Territory imposes a tax that generally 
applies to interest receivable in that Relevant Territory by companies from sources outside that 
Relevant Territory, and (2) does not receive the interest payment in connection with a trade or business 
which is carried on in Ireland by it through a branch or agency; or 
(ii) a company where (1) the interest payable to it is exempted from the charge to income tax under a double 
taxation treaty in force between Ireland and another territory, or would be exempted from the charge to 
income tax if a double taxation treaty made between Ireland and another territory on or before the date 
of payment, but not yet in force, had the force of law when the interest was paid, and (2) it does not 
receive the interest payment in connection with a trade or business which is carried on in Ireland by it 
through a branch or agency. 
The relevant Issuer must be satisfied that the respective terms of the exemptions are satisfied.  The test of 
residence in each case is determined by reference to the law of the Relevant Territory in which the Noteholder 
claims to be resident. 
For other holders of Notes, interest may be paid free of withholding tax if the Noteholder is resident in a 
double tax treaty country and under the provisions of the relevant treaty with Ireland such Noteholder is exempt 
from Irish tax on the interest and clearance in the prescribed form has been received by the relevant Issuer before 
the interest is paid. 
Discounts paid on Notes will not be subject to Irish withholding tax, however premia paid will be subject to 
the same provisions as interest. 
However, an encashment tax withholding obligation may arise as discussed under the heading “Encashment 
Tax” below, or a withholding obligation may in certain circumstances apply as discussed under the heading 
“Deposit Interest Retention Tax” below. (See also the section dealing with Deposit Interest Retention Tax for 
further reliefs from withholding tax.) 
Encashment Tax 
Encashment tax may arise in respect of Notes which constitute quoted Eurobonds where a collection agent 
in Ireland obtains payment of interest or premium (whether or not in Ireland). Where encashment tax arises, a 
withholding tax will be deducted from such payments at the standard rate of tax (which is currently 25 per cent.), 
unless a bank acts solely in the clearing of a cheque and has no other relationship with the Noteholder. There is 
an exemption from encashment tax where (i) the beneficial owner of the interest is not resident in Ireland and has 
made a declaration to this effect in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank or (ii) the beneficial owner 
of the interest is a company which is within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the interest. It is also 
necessary, to avoid withholding, that such interest is not deemed under the provisions of Irish tax legislation to be 
income of another person that is resident in Ireland. 
In the case of interest payments made by or through a paying agent outside Ireland, no encashment tax arises 
provided the interest is not received by, or presented to, a banker (subject to the above) or any other person in 
Ireland for encashment.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
Deposit Interest Retention Tax (“DIRT”) 
DIRT is a form of Irish withholding tax which can apply to payments of interest, premium or discount made 
by BOI, the current rate is 33 per cent. However, there will be no withholding on account for DIRT in any of the 
following circumstances: 
(A) where the Notes are and continue to be listed on a stock exchange; or 
(B) in cases where the Notes are not listed on a stock exchange, where the person beneficially entitled to 
the interest, discount or premium thereon is: 
(i) 
not resident in Ireland; or 
(ii) a company within the charge to corporation tax in Ireland on such interest, discount or premium; 
or 
(iii) a pension scheme or charity of the kind mentioned in the definition of “relevant deposit” in 
paragraphs (f) or (h) of section 256(1) of the TCA, 
and in each case has provided to the Bank an appropriate declaration in the case of (i) above, and an 
appropriate reference number in the case of (ii) and (iii) above, as referred to in Section 256 of the TCA; or 
(C) where the Notes have a maturity of not more than 2 years and: 
(i) 
 are issued in a minimum denomination of €500,000 (or its currency equivalent) or U.S.$500,000 
and the Note is held in a recognised clearing system, including Euroclear or Clearstream, or any 
other clearing system recognised from time to time by the Irish Revenue Commissioners, or; 
(ii) either (a) the person by whom the payment is made, or (b) the person through whom the payment 
is made is resident in Ireland or the payment is made either by or through an Irish branch or 
agency of a company that is not resident in Ireland, and: 
1. 
the person who is beneficially entitled to the interest is a resident of Ireland who has provided 
their Irish tax reference number to the payer; or 
2. 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the Note and who is beneficially entitled to the 
interest thereon is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to that effect in the 
prescribed form; or 
(D) in the case of Notes issued which are of medium term, which includes Notes issued hereunder for a 
term of 2 years or more (and may include Notes with a term of less than 2 years) which satisfy all of 
the following conditions: 
(a) the Bank does not sell or offer the Notes to Irish resident persons; 
(b) the Managers have and comply with their selling commitments not to knowingly offer to sell the 
Notes to an Irish resident person, or to persons whose usual place of abode is Ireland and do not 
knowingly distribute or cause to be distributed in Ireland any offering material in connection with 
such instruments; 
(c) the Notes are held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue Commissioners (which 
would include Clearstream, Euroclear and other specified clearing systems); and 
(d) the minimum denomination in which such Notes may be issued is €500,000 or its equivalent in 
another currency. 
Reporting Requirements 
In the case of an Irish resident issuing or paying agent paying to an Irish resident, there is a requirement to 
report to the Irish Revenue Authorities the names and addresses of the person to whom interest was paid or 
credited, the amount of interest paid or credited and the tax reference number of the person to whom the payment 
was made. In addition, where an exemption from DIRT referred to at paragraph (B) above under the heading 
“Deposit Interest Retention Tax (“DIRT”)” is being claimed, by a company within the charge to Irish Corporation 
Tax, a pension scheme or an Irish registered charity, the details reported to the Revenue Commissioners must 
include the tax reference number of the person beneficially entitled to the interest (See also below “Automatic 
Exchange of Information”.  
In addition, the obligations of the Issuers are also described in the risk factors.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
Taxation of Interest 
Notwithstanding the fact that an Issuer may not be required to deduct withholding tax or, in the case of BOI, 
DIRT, in accordance with the preceding paragraphs, any interest, discount or premium on Notes issued in Ireland 
is Irish source income. Such income is within the charge to Irish income tax, social insurance and the universal 
social charge in the case of Noteholders that are Irish resident or ordinarily resident individuals. In the case of 
Noteholders who are non-resident individuals such income is within the charge to Irish income tax and the 
universal social charge.  Ireland operates a self-assessment system in respect of tax and any person, including a 
person who is neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland, with Irish source income comes within its scope. 
There are a number of exemptions from Irish income tax available to certain non-residents, such as: 
(i) 
interest paid by an Issuer in the ordinary course of the trade or business carried on by such Issuer, to a 
company (A) resident for tax purposes in a Relevant Territory which imposes a tax that generally 
applies to interest receivable in that territory by companies from sources outside that territory or (B) 
where the interest is exempted from the charge to income tax under a double taxation treaty in force 
between Ireland and the country in which the Noteholder is resident for tax purposes or would be 
exempted if the relevant double taxation treaty had the force of law when the interest was paid; or 
(ii) where interest is paid by an Issuer to a person that is not a resident of Ireland and that is regarded as 
being resident in a Relevant Territory or to a company not resident in Ireland which is controlled by a 
person that is resident in a Relevant Territory (and is not controlled by a person not so resident) or to a 
company not resident in Ireland where the principal class of shares of the company or its 75 per cent. 
parent is substantially and regularly traded on a recognised stock exchange in an EU or treaty country, 
and (i) the interest is exempt from withholding tax because it is paid on a quoted Eurobond (see above 
under the heading “Withholding Tax”); or (ii) the interest is a payment to which Section 246A TCA 
applies (which would include interest paid free of DIRT) in accordance with the conditions set out 
under paragraph (C) of the section above under the heading “Deposit Interest Retention Tax”); or 
(iii) where a discount arises to a person that is not a resident of Ireland and is resident for the purposes of 
tax in a Relevant Territory and the Notes were issued by the relevant Issuer in the ordinary course of 
the trade or business carried on by such Issuer. 
Interest falling within the above exemptions is also exempt from the universal social charge. 
While the matter is not free from doubt payments of premium should, if regarded as interest, come within 
the above mentioned exemptions. 
Notwithstanding these exemptions from income tax, a corporate recipient that carries on a trade in Ireland 
through a branch or agency in respect of which the Notes are held or attributed, may have a liability to Irish 
corporation tax on the interest. 
Relief from Irish income tax may also be available under the specific provisions of a double tax treaty 
between Ireland and the country of residence of the recipient. 
Interest on the Notes which does not fall within the above exemptions is within the charge to income tax, 
and, in the case of Noteholders who are individuals, the charge to the universal social charge.  In the past the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners have not pursued liability to income tax in respect of persons who are not regarded as 
being resident in Ireland except where such persons have a taxable presence of some sort in Ireland or seek to 
claim any relief or repayment in respect of Irish tax.   However, this practice does not reflect the adaptation of a 
policy on the part of the Irish Revenue Commissioners not to collect the tax and there is no guarantee that this 
practice will continue.  
Capital Gains Tax 
A holder of a Note who is either resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland for tax purposes will generally be 
subject to Irish tax on capital gains (currently 33 per cent.) on a disposal of a Note. A holder of a Note who is 
neither resident nor ordinarily resident for tax purposes in Ireland will not be subject to Irish tax on capital gains 
unless such holder: 
(i) 
has an enterprise, or an interest in an enterprise, which carries on business in Ireland through a branch or 
agency or a permanent representative to which or to whom the Notes are attributable; or 
(ii) the Notes derive their value or the greater part of their value directly or indirectly from Irish land or certain 
Irish mineral or exploration rights.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
Stamp Duty 
Irish stamp duty will not be payable on the issue of temporary bearer global Notes, permanent bearer global 
Notes or definitive Notes. 
A transfer of Notes in bearer form by physical delivery only and not otherwise will not attract Irish stamp 
duty. A transfer of Notes by instrument in writing or effected through an approved or recognised relevant system 
as provided for in the Companies Act, 1990 (Uncertificated Securities) Regulations, 1996 will be subject to Irish 
stamp duty at a rate of 1 per cent. except where the Notes meet all of the following conditions: they are not issued 
at a discount of more than 10 per cent., do not carry rights akin to share rights, are not convertible into shares and 
do not carry a right to a payment linked wholly or partly, and directly or indirectly, to an equity index or equity 
indices. 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
A gift or inheritance consisting of Notes will generally be within the charge to Irish Capital Acquisitions tax 
(currently 33 per cent.) if either: 
(i) 
the disponer or the donee/successor in relation to the gift or inheritance is resident or ordinarily resident 
in Ireland (or in case of gifts/inheritances taken under a discretionary trust, capital acquisitions tax will 
apply where the disponer is resident or ordinarily resident (or in the case of discretionary trusts 
established before 1 December 1999, domiciled) in Ireland irrespective of the residence or ordinary 
residence of the donee/successor) on the relevant date; or 
(ii) if the Notes are Irish situated property. Notes which are in bearer form and which are physically located 
outside Ireland are generally not regarded as Irish property. Notes which are in registered form are 
regarded as Irish property where the principal register is maintained in Ireland or is required to be 
maintained in Ireland. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia, 
Slovakia (together, the “participating Member States”) and Estonia. However, Estonia has since stated that it 
will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  Primary market transactions referred 
to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where 
the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States and the 
scope of any such tax is uncertain.  It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which 
remains unclear.  Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.   
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Automatic exchange of information 
Irish reporting financial institutions, which includes the Issuers, may have reporting obligations in respect 
of a Noteholder under FATCA as implemented pursuant to the Ireland – US intergovernmental agreement and/or 
the OECD’s Common Reporting Standard, which Ireland has implemented into Irish law. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements.  
Each Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions (including Ireland) 
have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not 
be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application 
of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and 
may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after 
the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register 
and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for 
U.S. Federal income purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason 
of a substitution of the issuer).  
However, if additional Notes (as described under Condition 16) that are not distinguishable from previously 
issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisers 
regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes. In the event any withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the withholding. 
Common Reporting Standard (the “CRS”)  
The CRS framework was first released by the OECD in February 2014.  To date, more than 100 jurisdictions 
have publically committed to implementation, many of which are early adopter countries, including Ireland. On 
21 July 2014, the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information in Tax Matters (the 
“Standard”) was published, involving the use of two main elements, the Competent Authority Agreement (the 
“CAA”) and the CRS. 
The goal of the Standard is to provide for the annual automatic exchange between governments of financial 
account information reported to them by local Financial Institutions (“FIs”) relating to accountholders tax resident 
in other participating countries to assist in the efficient collection of tax. The OECD, in developing the CAA and 
CRS, have used FATCA concepts and as such the Standard is broadly similar to the FATCA requirements, albeit 
with numerous alterations. It will result in a significantly higher number of reportable persons due to the increased 
instances of potentially in-scope accounts and the inclusion of multiple jurisdictions to which accounts must be 
reported. 
Ireland is a signatory jurisdiction to the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement on Automatic 
Exchange of Financial Account Information, which was entered into by Ireland in its capacity as a signatory to 
the Convention on Mutual Administrative Assistance in Tax Matters and which relates to the automatic exchange 
of financial account information in respect of CRS, while sections 891F and 891G of the 1997 Act and regulations 
made thereunder contain measures necessary to implement the CRS internationally and across the European 
Union, respectively.  The Returns of Certain Information by Reporting Financial Institutions Regulations 2015 
(the “CRS Regulations”), giving effect to the CRS from 1 January 2016 came into operation on 31 December 
2015. 
Under the CRS Regulations, reporting financial institutions, which may include each Issuer, are required to 
collect certain information on accountholders and on certain controlling persons (as defined in the CRS 
Regulations) in the case of the accountholder being an entity, as defined for CRS purposes, to identify accounts 
which are reportable to the Irish tax authorities.  The Irish tax authorities shall in turn exchange such information 
with their counterparts in participating jurisdictions.  Where a Note is held in a clearing system it is understood 
that either the clearing system itself or the relevant clearing participants are likely to be considered FIs and 
accordingly each Issuer should not have reporting obligations in respect of a Noteholder holding such Notes.  In 
that event each Issuer will make a nil return for that year to the Irish Revenue Commissioners.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in an amended and restated programme agreement (as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”) dated 30 September 2021, agreed with the 
Issuers a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such 
agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
above. In the Programme Agreement, each Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses 
in connection with the establishment and any further update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain losses, liabilities, costs, claims, actions, damages, 
expenses or demands in connection therewith. The Dealers are entitled to be released and discharged from their 
obligations in relation to any agreement to issue and purchase Notes under the Programme Agreement in certain 
circumstances prior to payment to the relevant Issuer. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or 
whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any 
time and (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer 
has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will 
have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Each issuance of Exempt Notes which are also Index Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes shall be subject 
to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the issuance 
and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision the expression “retail investor” means a person who 
is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree that:  
(a) in relation to any Notes issued by BOIG which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or 
sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) by BOIG;  
(b) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not, or in the case of BOI would not, if BOI was not an 
authorised person, apply to the Issuers; and  
(c) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer or sell any 
such Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA 
and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Ireland  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that:

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
(a) it has not offered, sold, underwritten or placed and will not offer, sell, underwrite or place any Notes 
other than in conformity with the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 
2019 and any rules and guidelines issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act by the Central 
Bank;  
(b) to the extent applicable it has complied with and will comply with all applicable provisions of (i) the 
Companies Act; (ii) the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (as amended), the European Union 
(Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 
1370 of the Companies Act; (iii) the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) of Ireland; and (iv) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) (“MiFID II 
Regulations”) including, without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation (and certain 
provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof or any codes of conduct made under the MiFID II 
Regulations and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act, 1998 (as amended) or, in the case of 
a credit institution, in conformity with the codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central 
Bank Act 1989 (as amended) (of Ireland), with respect to anything done by it in relation to the Notes; 
and 
(c) to the extent that the Notes are not listed on a recognised stock exchange, and where they have a 
maturity of 2 years or more (or if under 2 years do not have a denomination of at least €500,000 or the 
currency equivalent or U.S.$500,000 and are not held in a recognised clearing system), they will not 
knowingly make primary sales (or knowingly offer to do so, or distribute any material in that 
connection in Ireland) to any Irish residents or persons in respect of such Notes. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO 
and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document 
being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) 
Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “CWUMPO”) or which do not constitute an offer to the public 
within the meaning of the CWUMPO; and 
(b) it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under 
the SFO. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been and will not be registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation 
and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Prospectus or of any other 
document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
1129 of 14 June 2017 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and any  application provision of Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”) and Italian CONSOB 
regulations; or 
(ii) in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a) be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended (the “Banking Act”); and 
(b) comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any 
other Italian authority. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause 
the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, 
nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of 
the SFA (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, 
or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Any reference to the “SFA” is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore and 
a reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term as modified 
or amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be applicable at the relevant 
time. 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, the Issuers have, unless 
otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, determined the classification of all Notes to be issued under the 
Programme as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, except where explicitly permitted by the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
except as set out below, it will not make a public offer of the Notes, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland, 
as such terms are defined or interpreted under the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”);  
(ii) 
the Notes will not be admitted by it to trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) 
in Switzerland; 
(iii) 
it will not offer, sell, advertise or distribute the Notes, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland, as such terms 
are defined or interpreted under the FinSA, except to professional clients as such term is defined or 
interpreted under the FinSA (the “Professional Investors”); and 
(iv) 
no key information document pursuant to article 58(1) FinSA (or any equivalent document under the 
FinSA) has been or will be prepared in relation to any Notes and, therefore, any Notes with a derivative 
character within the meaning of article 86(2) of the Swiss Financial Services Ordinance may not be offered 
or recommended to private clients within the meaning of the FinSA in Switzerland. 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland, except (i) to Professional 
Investors or (ii) in the case of a Tranche of Notes for which the applicable Final Terms or applicable Pricing 
Supplement (as the case may be) explicitly permits a public offer in Switzerland. Offering or marketing material 
relating to Notes for which the applicable Final Terms or applicable Pricing Supplement (as the case may be) does 
not explicitly permit a public offer in Switzerland may not be distributed or otherwise made available in 
Switzerland, except to Professional Investors.  
The Notes shall not be admitted to trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland unless the applicable Final Terms or applicable Pricing Supplement (as the case may be) for such 
Notes explicitly provide for such an admission to trading in Switzerland. 
The Notes do not constitute participations in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the 
Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act (“CISA”). Therefore, the Notes are not subject to the approval of, or 
supervision by, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (“FINMA”), and investors in the Notes will 
not benefit from protection under the CISA or supervision by FINMA.  
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will not, directly or indirectly, purchase, offer, sell or deliver any Notes or distribute or publish any offering 
circular, information memorandum, prospectus, form of application, advertisement or other document or 
information in any country or jurisdiction except under circumstances that will, to the best of its knowledge and 
belief, result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and all purchases, offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes by it will be made on the same terms. 
Without prejudice to the generality of the above paragraph, each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
which is, to the best of its knowledge and belief, required for the offer, purchase, sale or delivery by it of Notes 
under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such offers, 
purchases, sales or deliveries and it will, to the best of its knowledge and belief, comply with all such laws and 
regulations.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme by BOI was duly authorised pursuant to resolutions of the Court of 
Directors of BOI dated 14 February 1995 and 27 July 1995. 
The update of the Programme has been authorised by, in the case of BOI, resolution of a committee of the 
Court of Directors of BOI dated 1 September 2021, acting pursuant to powers delegated to it by the Court of 
Directors by resolution dated 21 April 2021, and in the case of BOIG, resolution of a committee of the Board of 
Directors of BOIG dated 1 September 2021, acting pursuant to powers delegated to it by the Board of Directors 
by resolution dated 21 April 2021.  
Listing 
Application has been made to: 
(i) 
Euronext Dublin for Notes, other than Exempt Notes, issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market; 
and  
(ii) Euronext Dublin for Exempt Notes to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to be 
admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market. 
The applications are expected to be approved on or around 30 September 2021. The listing of Notes on 
Euronext Dublin will be expressed at their nominal amount (excluding accrued interest). It is expected that each 
Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List will be admitted separately as and when issued, 
subject only to the issue of a Bearer Global Note or Registered Global Note initially representing the Notes of 
such Tranche. 
Documents Available 
From the date hereof and throughout the life of the Programme (or, in the case of any Notes admitted to 
trading on the Global Exchange Market, for so long as any such Notes remain admitted to trading on the Global 
Exchange Market), copies of the following documents will, when published, be available from 
https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/e25bn-euro-note-programme/ except for items (i), (ii) and (iii) which 
will be available from the websites specified below for each item: 
(i) 
the 
Charter 
and 
Bye-Laws 
of 
BOI, 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/app/uploads/Bye-Laws-Updated-19.05.2020.pdf; 
(ii) the 
Constitution 
of 
BOIG, 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/app/uploads/BOIG-plc-Constitution-as-amended-on-
19.05.2020.pdf;  
(iii) the annual report and Financial Statements of BOI in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 
2019 (https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/app/uploads/GovCo-Annual-Report-2019.pdf) and 
31 December 2020 (https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/app/uploads/GovCo-Annual-Report-
2020.pdf) and the interim financial statements of BOI for the six months ended 30 June 2021 
(https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/app/uploads/GovCo-Interim-Report-2021-Web.pdf), and 
the annual report and Financial Statements of BOIG in respect of the financial years ended 31 
December 
2019 
(https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/app/uploads/BOI-Annual-Report-
2019.pdf) and 31 December 2020 (https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/app/uploads/BOI-
Annual-Report-2020.pdf) and the interim financial statements of BOIG for the six months ended 30 
June 2021 (https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/app/uploads/HoldCo-Interim-Report-2021-
Web.pdf); 
(iv) the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, 
the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons; and 
(v) any future prospectuses, listing particulars, supplements and Final Terms to this Prospectus. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and ISIN for each Tranche allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). If the Notes are to 
clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Significant or Material Change 
Save as disclosed in the section of this Prospectus entitled “Description of BOIG and the Group – Recent 
Developments”, there has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the BOI 
Group taken as a whole since 30 June 2021 and no material adverse change in the prospects of BOI since 31 
December 2020.   
Save as disclosed in the section of this Prospectus entitled “Description of BOIG and the Group – Recent 
Developments”, there has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the 
BOIG Group taken as a whole since 30 June 2021 and no material adverse change in the prospects of BOIG since 
31 December 2020. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in the risk factor entitled “The Group is exposed to litigation and regulatory investigation 
risk”, there are no, nor have there been any, governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings involving either Issuer 
or any subsidiary of either Issuer which may have or have had during the 12 months prior to the date hereof a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Group taken as a whole, nor, so far as either Issuer 
is aware, are any such proceedings pending or threatened involving either Issuer or any of their respective 
subsidiaries.  
Auditor 
KPMG, Chartered Accountants and Statutory Audit Firm, Dublin and a member of Chartered Accountants 
Ireland, has audited the accounts of BOI and BOIG in accordance with the International Standards on Auditing 
(UK and Ireland) and issued an unqualified audit opinion for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2020. 
Certificates 
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee may rely on any certificate or report from an expert or any other 
person in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed whether or not any such certificate or report or any 
engagement letter or other document entered into by the Trustee in connection therewith contains any limit on the 
liability of such expert or such other person. 
Material contracts 
Neither Issuer is party to any material contracts that are entered into outside the ordinary course of their 
respective businesses and that could result in any Group member being under an obligation or entitlement material 
to either Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under any Notes.  
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the 
relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes 
and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuers will not provide any post issuance information regarding the Notes, except if required by any 
applicable laws and/or regulations. 
Dealers transacting with the Group 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to members of the Group and 
their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers may from time to time also

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
enter into swap and other derivative transactions with members of the Group and their respective affiliates. In 
addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of an Issuer or its affiliates. Certain 
of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with an Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure 
to such Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit 
default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to 
clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 169 ---
THE ISSUERS 
The Governor and Company of  
the Bank of Ireland 
40 Mespil Road 
Dublin 4 
Bank of Ireland Group plc 
40 Mespil Road 
Dublin 4 
TRUSTEE 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Eighth Floor 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AG 
AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe Plc  
1 North Wall Quay,  
Dublin 1  
Ireland  
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers 
As to Irish law 
Gabrielle Ryan 
Group General Counsel 
Bank of Ireland 
40 Mespil Road 
Dublin 4 
To the Dealers and the Trustee 
As to Irish law 
As to English law 
Arthur Cox LLP 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2, D02 T380 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
AUDITOR TO THE ISSUERS 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
KPMG 
Chartered Accountants and Statutory Audit Firm 
1 Harbourmaster Place 
IFSC 
Dublin 1 
A&L Listing Limited 
International Financial Services Centre 
25-28 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1

--- Page 170 ---
DEALERS 
 
The Governor and 
Company of the Bank of Ireland 
BOI Global Markets 
2 Burlington Plaza 
Burlington Road 
Dublin 4 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16 boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstrasse 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
Credit Suisse International 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
Daiwa Capital Markets Europe Limited 
5 King William Street 
London EC4N 7AX 
Danske Bank A/S 
Holmens Kanal 2-12 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt/Main 
Germany  
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris  
France 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc 
10 Gresham Street 
London EC2V 7AE 
Mizuho International plc 
Mizuho House 
30 Old Bailey  
London EC4M 7AU 
Morgan Stanley & Co International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
Natixis 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
NatWest Markets Plc 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA 
Nomura International plc 
1 Angel Lane 
London EC4R 3AB 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich  
 
 
printed by 
Allen & Overy LLP 
London