--- Page 1 ---
- i -
BANKINTER INTERNATIONAL NOTES S.À R.L. 
(société à responsabilité limitée) 
Registered office: 46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
R.C.S. Luxembourg: B262854 
EUR 4,000,000,000 Structured Notes Programme 
guaranteed by 
BANKINTER, S.A. 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
EUR 4,000,000,000 
This base prospectus ("Base Prospectus") has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank of 
Ireland"), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank of Ireland only
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus
Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or Guarantor or of the quality
of the notes (the "Notes"). Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to the Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of The Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as
Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") or on another regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive,
(Directive 2014/65/EU) (as amended, "MiFID II") and/or that are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic
Area (the "EEA") in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. Bankinter International Notes S.à r.l. has requested the Central
Bank of Ireland to notify the approval of this Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation to the competent
authority in Spain, the Spanish Securities Market Regulator (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) (the "CNMV”) and in Portugal,
the Portuguese Securities Market Commission ("Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários") (the "CMVM") by providing them, inter
alia, with certificates of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.
Bankinter International Notes S.à r.l. may request the Central Bank of Ireland to provide competent authorities in other EEA Member States
with such certificates whether for the purposes of making a public offer in such Member States or for admission to trading of the Notes on a
regulated market therein or both. 
This Base Prospectus, as approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, in accordance with the requirements of the Prospectus Regulation, comprises
a Base Prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the
issue of Notes issued under the Structured Notes Programme (the "Programme") described herein, during the period of 12 months after the
date hereof. 
Under the Programme, Bankinter International Notes S.à r.l. (the "Issuer") may issue Notes. The payment of all amounts and delivery of all
assets due in respect of the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Bankinter, S.A. (the "Guarantor" or the "Bank" or
"Bankinter"), provided the Bank executes the Applicable Transaction Terms (as defined below) in relation to the relevant Notes. The Bank
and its consolidated subsidiaries (including the Issuer) are referred to herein as the Group. The aggregate principal amount of Notes
outstanding and guaranteed will not at any time exceed EUR 4,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). Particulars of the dates of,
parties to and general nature of each document to which the Issuer is a party in relation to the Programme and any Notes (the "Transaction 
Documents") are set out in various sections of this Base Prospectus. 
Notes may be issued in bearer form. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to its official list (the "Official List") and trading on the regulated
market of Euronext Dublin, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the
purposes of MiFID II. Matheson LLP, Dublin Office is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer (and not on its own behalf)
in connection with the application for admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on the regulated market of
Euronext Dublin.
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an
exemption is available under Article 1(4), 1(5) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus
in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Potential purchasers should note the statements on pages 301 to 314 regarding the tax treatment of income obtained in respect of the Notes.
Holders of Notes (as defined below) must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure the correct tax
treatment of their Notes is obtained. 
Investors should be aware that the Issuer is not regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland and that any investment in the Notes will not have
the status of a bank deposit and is therefore not within the scope of the deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
The Notes may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. person and accordingly are being offered and sold outside 
the United States to non-U.S. persons (as defined in "Plan of Distribution") in reliance on Regulation S.  The Notes have not been, 
and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and trading in Notes has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "CEA"), or by the 
U.S. Securities Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is registered as an investment company

--- Page 2 ---
- ii -
pursuant to the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940. No Notes, or interests therein, may at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, 
pledged, exercised, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined herein) or to others for offer, sale, trade, pledge, exercise, redemption, transfer, resale, or 
delivery, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined herein) and 
any offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, exercise, redemption, transfer or delivery made, directly or indirectly, within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person will not be recognised.  
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may
be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Where a series of Notes is rated, the applicable
rating(s) of a relevant Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. Whether or
not each credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European
Union or the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended (the "CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EC)
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"), as the case may be, will be disclosed in the Applicable Transaction Terms. The list of credit rating agencies registered under
the CRA Regulation (as updated from time to time) is published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA")
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs). 
The Guarantor has been rated by Moody's Investor Service España, S.A. ("Moody's"), S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and
DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS Morningstar"). Each of Moody's, S&P and DBRS Morningstar is established in the European Union. Each
of Moody's, S&P and DBRS Morningstar is registered under the CRA Regulation and as such, is included in the list of credit rating agencies
published by the ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA
Regulation. None of Moody's, S&P or DBRS Morningstar is established in the United Kingdom but each is part of a group in respect of which
one of its undertakings is (i) established in the United Kingdom, and (ii) is registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. As such,
the ratings issued by Moody's, S&P and DBRS Morningstar may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with
the UK CRA Regulation.
Credit ratings may be adjusted over time, and there is no assurance that the credit ratings stated in this Base Prospectus will be effective after
the date of this Base Prospectus. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any Notes. The Issuer is not rated. Amounts
payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of
the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). Where relevant, a statement will be included
in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable, as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is
included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.
Arranger and Dealer
BANKINTER, S.A. 
24 February 2025

--- Page 3 ---
- iii -
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor (to the extent set out in "Description of the Guarantor" on page 268 below)
(together, the "Responsible Persons") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base
Prospectus and declares that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in
accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto and
with any other documents incorporated in it by reference and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined herein) of
Notes, should be read and construed together with the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor have confirmed to the Dealers described under "Key Features of the Programme" 
below (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers") that this Base Prospectus contains all information which is
(in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes and the guarantee of the Notes) material;
that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect;
that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading
in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such
information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of
the Notes and the guarantee of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries
have been made to verify the foregoing. No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any
representation other than those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made
in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in
the affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this document has been
most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the
Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this document has been most recently
amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as
of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document
containing the same. 
Notice of the aggregate principal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of
Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined
under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in either (a) in the case of Notes to be admitted
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or on other regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II,
(i) the final terms (the "Final Terms"), or (ii) a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown 
Prospectus") (as described under "Applicable Transaction Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below), or (b)
in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined below) a pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement", and together
with the Final Terms, the "Applicable Transaction Terms"). In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject
of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in
the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be,
shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant
Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. With respect to Notes to be listed on the regulated
market of Euronext Dublin, the Applicable Transaction Terms will be delivered to Euronext Dublin on or before
the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined above) only applies to Notes
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA
other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under the Prospectus Regulation. References in this
Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the
Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA"). The Central Bank of
Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with
Exempt Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the
Guarantor and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
The Notes may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. person and accordingly are being 
offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. The Notes have not

--- Page 4 ---
- iv -
been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act, or with any securities regulatory authority of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and trading in Notes has not been approved by the CFTC under 
the CEA, or by the SEC. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission 
has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the accuracy of this Base Prospectus.  Any 
representation to the contrary is a criminal offence. No Notes, or interests therein, may at any time be offered, 
sold, resold, traded, pledged, exercised, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined herein) or to others for offer, 
sale, trade, pledge, exercise, redemption, transfer, resale, or delivery, directly or indirectly, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined herein) and any offer, sale, resale, 
trade, pledge, exercise, redemption, transfer or delivery made, directly or indirectly, within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person will not be recognised. Terms used in this paragraph and not 
otherwise defined herein have the meaning given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. The Notes 
will be subject to restrictions on resale and transfer – see "Transfer Restrictions".   
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation or solicitation of an offer by or on behalf of
the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers
makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or
completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other
information supplied in connection with the Programme is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other
evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers that
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential
purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus
and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes
issued under the Programme of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers. 
None of the Dealers, the Issuer and the Guarantor makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding
the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the
economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes
outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed EUR 4,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any
Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into euros at the date of the agreement to issue such
Notes calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Plan of
Distribution"). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time
under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of
the Dealer Agreement. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "EUR",
"Euro",or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and
monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the
introduction of the euro, as amended, references to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" and "dollars" are to the lawful
currency of the United States of America. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below may apply,
any offer of Notes with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) may
only be made in any Member State of the EEA (each, a "Member State") pursuant to an exemption under the
Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes (as provided in sub-
paragraph (i) below). 
Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of Notes which are the subject
of an offering/placement contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Applicable Transaction Terms in
relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer,
the Guarantor or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such
offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer (including this Base Prospectus) has been approved by the competent
authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the

--- Page 5 ---
- v -
competent authority in that Member State and (in either case) published, all in accordance with the Prospectus
Regulation, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by Final Terms or is a Drawdown
Prospectus which specifies that offers may be made in that Member State and such offer is made in the period
beginning and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or Final Terms or Drawdown
Prospectus, as applicable. 
Except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor
do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer
or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
Certain alternative performance measures (as defined in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance
Measures) ("Alternative Performance Measures" or "APMs") are included in this Base Prospectus (which
reference includes any information incorporated by reference herein). Such APMs, which have not been prepared
in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the EU ("IFRS-EU"), have
been extracted or derived from the accounting records of the Group (as defined herein). 
The Issuer believes that the APMs contribute to a better understanding of the Group's results of operations by
providing additional information on what the Group considers being some of the drivers of the Group's financial
performance. These APMs, however, should not be regarded as alternatives to revenues, cash flow or net income
as indicators of operational performance or liquidity. 
The APMs are not audited or reviewed by the Issuer's auditors. These APMs are not measurements of the Group's
financial performance under IFRS-EU and should not be considered as substitutes to the information in the
consolidated annual accounts (as set out below in "Documents Incorporated by Reference") or to any
performance measures prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU.
Different companies may use different definitions of the APMs. Therefore, the Issuer's definitions of these
measures may not be comparable to the definitions used by other companies. The APMs must be considered only
in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS-
EU included and/or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Investors are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on these APMs. 
The definitions and reconciliations of the APMs used as at 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021 and for years then
ended are as follows (all figures, except percentages, in thousands of euros, and listed in alphabetical order):
(a)
Cost-to-income ratio
It is the ratio between the sum of staff expenses, other general administrative expenses and depreciation
and amortisation divided by gross operating income. 
It measures the amount of general administrative expenses and depreciation required to generate income.
2022 
2023 
2024 
Staff expenses 
508,860
557,923
594,814
Other general administrative expenses 
329,090
353,386
371,456
Redemption 
80,088
82,069
87,453
Gross operating income 
2,084,301
2,660,544
2,901,477
Cost-to-income ratio 
44.05%
37.34%
36.32%
(b)
Coverage ratio of foreclosed assets
It is the ratio between the provision for foreclosed assets and the total of foreclosed assets.
It allows measuring the percentage of the foreclosed asset portfolio that is covered with provisions for
foreclosed assets.

--- Page 6 ---
- vi -
2022 
2023 
2024 
Provision for foreclosed assets 
68,813
54,475
40,933
Total foreclosed assets 
122,865
85,253
61,178
Coverage ratio of foreclosed assets 
56.00%
63.89%
66.91%
(c)
Coverage ratio of problematic assets
It is the ratio between the sum of provisions for non-performing assets plus the provision for foreclosed
assets, and the problematic assets.
It allows measuring the percentage of problematic assets that are covered with provisions for non-
performing assets and for foreclosed assets. 
2022 
2023 
2024 
Provision for non-performing assets and
Provision for foreclosed assets 
936,340
972,785
1,102,603
Problematic assets 
1,857,471
1,898,006
1,944,982
Coverage ratio of problematic assets 
50.40%
51.25%
56.69%
(d)
Customer funding gap
The customer funding gap is the amount of customer loans not funded with retail deposits, but rather with
funds raised on wholesale markets and the Bank's own funds loans and receivables are considered to
include: Loans to the public sector, commercial loans (including ICO loans), foreign-currency effect,
secured loans, other term loans, demand loans, non-performing loans and valuation adjustments, non-
resident customers, Portugal debt securities which are not bills of exchange and lending to credit
institutions. 
Customer deposits are considered to include: Demand accounts, term deposits, promissory notes placed
by the network, repos of promissory notes, structured bonds, subordinated debt placed by the network
and ICO funds. 
As an additional measure of reliance on wholesale funding, it measures the amount of business activity
requiring finance with own funds or wholesale funding. 
2022 
2023 
2024 
Loans and advances to customers 
72,831,360 75,759,347 79,348,721
Customer funds 
73,985,066 79,640,630 83,054,272
Customer funding gap 
-1,153,706 -3,881,283 -3,705,551
(e)
Eligible exposures
Calculated as the sum of loans and advances to customers (without valuation adjustments) for each
portfolio of financial assets, plus loans and advances to credit institutions from customer activity (without
valuation adjustments), plus fixed income from customer activity (without valuation adjustments), plus
contingent risks, plus securitised assets derecognised from the balance sheet (before 2004). 
It measures the total credit risk assumed by the Group with customers.

--- Page 7 ---
- vii -
2022 
2023 
2024 
Loans and advances to credit institutions from
customer activity (without valuation
adjustments) 
2,047,711
1,994,739
2,228,642
Loans and advances to customers (without
valuation adjustments) for each portfolio of
financial assets 
72,608,547
74,887,350
77,744,644
Debit securities, customer activity (without
valuation adjustments) 
445,212
693,167
809,861
Loans and advances at fair value through profit
or loss 
466
280
170
Contingent risks 
7,324,700
8,346,476
8,421,111
Eligible exposures 
82,426,636
85,922,011
89,204,429
(f)
NPL coverage ratio
Calculated as provisions and allowances divided by non-performing loans (with off-balance sheet
exposure and without country risk). 
It measures the percentage of non-performing loans portfolio covered by provisions and allowances for
credit risk. 
2022 
2023 
2024 
Credit risk allowances and provisions 
1,150,700
1,172,598
1,296,822
Non-performing exposures (includes contingent
exposures) 
1,734,606
1,812,753
1,883,804
NPL coverage ratio 
66.34%
64.69%
68.84%
(g)
NPL ratio
Calculated as non-performing loans (with off-balance sheet exposure and without country risk) divided
by total exposure. Off-balance sheet exposure refers to the risk undertaken by the Bank concerning a
customer's commitments to third parties, for which the Bank would be responsible should the customer
become insolvent. This includes contingent liabilities like financial guarantees and sureties provided by
the Bank. 
It measures the quality of the entities' loan book, indicating the percentage of non-performing loans of
total loans 
2022 
2023 
2024 
Non-performing exposures (includes contingent
exposures) 
1,734,606
1,812,753
1,883,804
Eligible exposures 
82,426,636
85,922,011
89,204,429
NPL ratio 
2.10%
2.11%
2.11%

--- Page 8 ---
- viii -
(h)
NPL ratio for the development business
It is calculated as the balance of doubtful accounts in the business of financing for construction and real
estate development between the balance of risk intended for that business.
It allows measuring the quality of the credit portfolio of the development business, indicating the
percentage of loans with doubtful collection with respect to the total loans destined for the promoter
business. 
2022 
2023 
2024 
Balance of doubtful accounts 
3,631
3,320
1,742
Financing for construction and real estate
development 
329,580
367,214
408,350
NPL ratio for the development business 
1.10%
0.90%
0.42%
(i)
Problematic assets
Calculated as the sum of non-performing plus foreclosed assets.
It is an indicator of the exposure to the total of risks and doubtful assets, including real estate. 
2022 
2023 
2024 
Non-performing assets 
1,734,606
1,812,753
1,883,804
Foreclosed assets 
122,865
85,253
61,178
Problematic assets 
1,857,471
1,898,006
1,944,982
(j)
ROE
Net profit from continuing operations divided by average equity for the period (excluding profit or loss
for the year, dividends and remuneration, and valuation adjustments). In the denominator, average own
funds is the moving average of own funds of the previous 12 calendar months, or the corresponding
period, excluding the profit/(loss) attributed to the Group as part of own funds, as well as dividends and
accumulated other comprehensive income. 
It measures the return obtained on funds invested in/held by the Company. 
2022 
2023 
2024 
Profit or loss for the period 
560,203
844,787
952,971
Average shareholders' equity 
4,677,934
4,939,219
5,329,278
ROE 
11.98%
17.10%
17.88%
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of any Notes
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered,
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail
investor in the EEA save in relation to any jurisdiction(s) or period(s) for which the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA
Retail Investors" is specified to be not applicable in any Applicable Transaction Terms. For these purposes, a
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of
MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10)
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently,

--- Page 9 ---
- ix -
save in relation to any jurisdiction(s) or period(s) for which the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" is
specified to be not applicable in any Applicable Transaction Terms, no key information document required by
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of any Notes
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered,
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more)
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of
the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of any Notes will
include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target market
assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining
appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product
Governance Rules.
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of any Notes
may, where applicable, include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance" which will outline the target
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any
Distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Notes are complex financial instruments with high risk. There are significant risks inherent in the holding 
of the Notes, including the risks in relation to their subordination, the circumstances in which the Guarantee 
and any other claim against the Guarantor may be written down or converted to ordinary shares and the 
implications on Noteholders (such as a substantial loss), the circumstances in which Noteholders may suffer 
loss as a result of holding the Notes are difficult to predict and the quantum of any loss incurred by investors 
in the Notes in such circumstances is also highly uncertain.

--- Page 10 ---
- x -
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency)
may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation
to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a "Non-exempt Offer".
Restrictions on Non-Exempt Offers of Notes in relevant Member States of the EEA 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Notes in each Member
State in relation to which the Issuer has given its consent, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and only if
in the future the Central Bank of Ireland provides a certificate of approval in accordance with Article 25 of the
Prospectus Regulation ("a passport") in relation to this Base Prospectus to the competent authorities of any such
Member State (each specified state a "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction" and together the "Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions"). Any person making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Notes in any Member State
may only do so if this Base Prospectus has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State (or,
where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member
State) and published in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that the Issuer has consented to the
use of this Base Prospectus as provided under "Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus
" below and provided such person complies with the conditions attached to that consent. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of Notes, the Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility, in each of the
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor")
who purchases any Notes in a Non-exempt Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as defined below),
where that offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and provided that the
conditions attached to the giving of consent for the use of this Base Prospectus are complied with. The consent
and conditions attached to it are set out under "Consent" and "Common Conditions to Consent" below.
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised
Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law requirements
in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer has any responsibility or
liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror.
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has 
authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor 
has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt 
Offer of Notes. Any Non-exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor is 
unauthorised and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor and, for the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer accepts 
any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such 
unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person who is not an Authorised Offeror,
the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purposes
of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about whether it
can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (a)(i), (a)(ii) and (b) below are together the "Authorised 
Offerors" and each an "Authorised Offeror". 
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Notes and subject to the conditions set out below under "Common Conditions
to Consent":

--- Page 11 ---
- xi -
Specific Consent 
(a)
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if
applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes by: 
(i)
the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; and/or 
(ii)
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms as having been granted specific
consent to use this Base Prospectus; and/or
(iii)
named on the website of Bankinter available at www.bankinter.com as an Authorised Offeror in respect
of the relevant Non-Exempt Offer (if the entity has been appointed after the relevant Final Terms were
published). 
General Consent 
(b)
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable", the
Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the
relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of Notes by any other financial
intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: 
(i)
it is authorised to make such offers under MiFID II; and 
(ii)
it accepts the Issuer's offer to grant consent to the use of this Base Prospectus by publishing on its website
the following statement (with the information in square brackets duly completed) (the "Acceptance 
Statement"): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of relevant
Notes] (the "Notes") described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the "Final Terms")
published by Bankinter International Notes S.à r.l. (the "Issuer"). In consideration of the Issuer
offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms)
in connection with the offer of the Notes in [specify Member State(s)] during the Offer Period
and subject to the other conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus,
we hereby accept the offer by the Issuer in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as
specified in the Base Prospectus) and confirm that we are using the Base Prospectus
accordingly."
The "Authorised Offeror Terms", being the terms to which the relevant financial intermediary
agrees in connection with using this Base Prospectus, are that the relevant financial
intermediary: 
(A)
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer the
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the
relevant Non-exempt Offer: 
I.
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory
bodies (the "Rules") from time to time including, without limitation and in
each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any
investment in the Notes by any person and disclosure to any potential
Investor; 
II.
comply with the restrictions set out under "Plan of Distribution" in this Base
Prospectus which would apply if the relevant financial intermediary were a
Dealer and consider the relevant EEA manufacturer's target market
assessment and distribution channels identified under the "MiFID II product
governance" legend and/or the relevant UK manufacturer's target market
assessment and distribution channels identifier under the "UK MiFIR product
governance" legend, in each case, set out in the relevant Final Terms

--- Page 12 ---
- xii -
III.
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) or
rebate received or paid by the relevant financial intermediary in relation to
the offer or sale of the Notes does not contravene the Rules and, to the extent
required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or potential
Investors; 
IV.
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection
with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules; 
V.
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption
and "know your client" Rules (including, without limitation, taking
appropriate steps, in compliance with such Rules, to establish and document
the identity of each potential Investor prior to initial investment in any Notes
by the Investor), and will not permit any application for Notes in
circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicion as to the
source of the application monies; 
VI.
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required
under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted
by the Rules, make such records available to the relevant Dealer, the Issuer
and the Guarantor or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction
over the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer in order to enable
the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer to comply with anti-
money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know your client" 
Rules applying to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer, as the
case may be; 
VII.
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer, the Guarantor
or the relevant Dealer to breach any Rule or subject the Issuer, the Guarantor
or the relevant Dealer to any requirement to obtain or make any filing,
authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
VIII.
immediately inform the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer if at any
time it becomes aware, or suspects, that it is or may be in violation of any
Rules and take all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply with
such Rules in all respects; 
IX.
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common
Conditions to Consent" below and any further requirements or other
Authorised Offeror Terms relevant to the Non-exempt Offer as specified in
the applicable Final Terms; 
X.
make available to each potential Investor in the Notes this Base Prospectus
(as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final
Terms and any applicable information booklet provided by the Issuer for such
purpose, and not convey or publish any information that is not contained in
or entirely consistent with this Base Prospectus (as may be amended or
supplemented by the Issuer from time to time) and the applicable Final Terms
or make any representation in connection with the offering or sale of, or the
solicitation of interest in, the Notes; 
XI.
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than this Base Prospectus
or any other materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf
of the Issuer for the purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer) in connection
with the relevant Non-exempt Offer, it will ensure that such communication
(A) is fair, clear and not misleading and complies with the Rules, (B) states
that
such
financial
intermediary
has
provided
such
communication
independently of the Issuer, that such financial intermediary is solely
responsible for such communication and that none of the Issuer, the Guarantor
and the relevant Dealer accepts any responsibility for such communication
and (C) does not, without the prior written consent of the Issuer, the Guarantor

--- Page 13 ---
- xiii -
or the relevant Dealer (as applicable), use the legal or publicity names of the
Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer or any other name, brand or logo
registered by an entity within their respective groups or any material over
which any such entity retains a proprietary interest, except to describe the
Issuer as issuer of the relevant Notes and the Guarantor as the guarantor of
the relevant Notes on the basis set out in this Base Prospectus; 
XII.
ensure that no holder of Notes or potential Investor in Notes shall become an
indirect or direct client of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer for
the purposes of any applicable Rules from time to time, and to the extent that
any client obligations are created by the relevant financial intermediary under
any applicable Rules, then such financial intermediary shall perform any such
obligations so arising; 
XIII.
cooperate with the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer in providing
relevant information (including, without limitation, documents and records
maintained pursuant to paragraph (VI) above) and such further assistance as
is reasonably requested upon written request from the Issuer, the Guarantor
or the relevant Dealer in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and,
in any event, within any time frame set by any such regulator or regulatory
process. For this purpose, relevant information is information that is available
to or can be acquired by the relevant financial intermediary: 
(i)
in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator in
relation to the Notes, the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer;
and/or 
(ii)
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer, the
Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer relating to the Issuer, the
Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer or another Authorised Offeror
including, without limitation, complaints as defined in the Rules;
and/or 
(iii)
which the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer may
reasonably require from time to time in relation to the Notes and/or
to allow the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer fully to
comply with its own legal, tax and regulatory requirements; 
XIV.
during the period of the initial offering of the Notes: (i) only sell the Notes at
the Issue Price specified in the applicable Final Terms (unless otherwise
agreed with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer); (ii) only sell the Notes for
settlement on the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms; (iii) not
appoint any sub-distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the Issuer and the
relevant Dealer); (iv) not pay any fee or remuneration or commissions or
benefits to any third parties in relation to the offering or sale of the Notes
(unless otherwise agreed with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer); and (v)
comply with such other rules of conduct as may be reasonably required and
specified by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer; and 
XV.
either (i) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the
Notes, or (ii) keep a record of all requests the relevant financial intermediary
(x) makes for its discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its
advisory clients and (z) receives from its execution-only clients, in each case
prior to making any order for the Notes on their behalf, and in each case
maintain the same on its files for so long as is required by any applicable
Rules; 
(B)
agrees and undertakes to each of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer that
if it or any of its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and
controlling persons (each a "Relevant Party") incurs any losses, liabilities, costs,
claims, charges, expenses, actions or demands (including reasonable costs of

--- Page 14 ---
- xiv -
investigation and any defence raised thereto and counsel's fees and disbursements
associated with any such investigation or defence) (a "Loss") arising out of or in
relation to, or in connection with, any breach of any of the foregoing agreements,
representations, warranties or undertakings by the relevant financial intermediary,
including (without limitation) any unauthorised action by the relevant financial
intermediary or failure by it to observe any of the above restrictions or requirements or
the making by it of any unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it of any
information which has not been authorised for such purposes by the Issuer, the
Guarantor or the relevant Dealer, the relevant financial intermediary shall pay to the
Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer, as the case may be, an amount equal to
the Loss. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any Dealer shall have any duty or
obligation, whether as fiduciary or trustee for any Relevant Party or otherwise, to
recover any such payment or to account to any other person for any amounts paid to it
under this provision; and 
(C)
agrees and accepts that: 
I.
the contract between the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary formed
upon acceptance by the relevant financial intermediary of the Issuer's offer to
use this Base Prospectus with its consent in connection with the relevant Non-
exempt Offer (the "Authorised Offeror Contract"), and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised
Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with,
Spanish Law; 
II.
subject to (IV) below, the Madrid courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror
Contract (including any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations
arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) (a
"Dispute") and the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary submit to
the exclusive jurisdiction of the Madrid courts; 
III.
for the purposes of (C)(II) and (IV), the relevant financial intermediary
waives any objection to the Madrid courts on the grounds that they are an
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any dispute; and 
IV.
to the extent allowed by law, the Issuer, the Guarantor and each relevant
Dealer may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any
other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number
of jurisdictions. 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within (b) above who meets the conditions set out in (b) and the other 
conditions stated in "Common Conditions to Consent" below and who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Non-exempt Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish 
on its website the Acceptance Statement.
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant Non-exempt
Offer are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (b) above if Part B of the applicable Final Terms
specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such consent: 
(i)
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii)
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of
Notes in a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date of
this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 15 ---
- xv -
The Issuer has requested to the Central Bank of Ireland to provide a certificate of approval in accordance with
Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation (a "passport") in relation to the passporting of this Base Prospectus to
the competent authorities of Spain and Portugal (the "Host Member State" and/or the "Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction"). Even having passported this Base Prospectus into the Host Member State, it does not mean that
the Issuer will choose to consent to any Non-exempt Offer in any such Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction. Investors
should refer to the Final Terms for any issue of Notes for the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction the Issuer may have
selected as such Notes may only be offered to investors as part of a Non-exempt Offer in the Non-exempt Offer
Jurisdiction specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Arrangements between Investors and Authorised Offerors 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NOTES IN A NON-EXEMPT 
OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH 
NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, 
EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS.  
THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH TERMS AND ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH 
INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES 
CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS DOES NOT, AND ANY FINAL 
TERMS WILL NOT, CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. INFORMATION ON THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF SUCH OFFER SHALL BE PROVIDED TO SUCH INVESTOR AT THE TIME OF 
THE OFFER BY THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR WHO WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR 
SUCH INFORMATION. THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR AND, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY 
DEALER (EXCEPT WHERE SUCH DEALER IS THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR) HAS 
ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF THE INFORMATION 
DESCRIBED ABOVE. 
Save as provided above, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise,
the making of any Non-exempt Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any
Dealer to publish or supplement this Base Prospectus for such offer. 
Notes which are the subject of a Non-Exempt Offer and/or admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the EEA shall be issued with a minimum Specified Denomination of EUR 1,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency). 
This Base Prospectus describes certain tax implications in connection with an investment in the Notes from a
Spanish and Luxembourg perspective (see "Risk Factors") – Risk Factors Relating to the Notes – Risks in
Relation to Spanish Taxation", "Taxation in Spain" and "Taxation and Disclosure of Information in connection
with Payments" and “Impact of the anti-tax avoidance directive on the Issuer”). Holders of Notes must seek their
own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure correct tax treatment of their Notes. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Any foreign language text that is included with or within this
document has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of the Base Prospectus. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the Applicable Transaction Terms may
over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the price of the Notes at a level higher than that
which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may
begin on or at any time after the adequate public disclosure of the Applicable Transaction Terms of the offer of
the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier
of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the

--- Page 16 ---
- xvi -
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation-action or over-allotment shall be conducted by the relevant
Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all
applicable laws and rules. 
Green Bonds 
Prospective investors in any Notes where the Notes will be identified as "Green Bonds" in the applicable Final
Terms and/or it is stated that an amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue of the Notes are intended to be
used for Eligible Green Projects as described in the "Use of Proceeds" section should have regard to the
information in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms regarding the
use of an amount equal to the net proceeds of those Green Bonds, should have regard to the factors described in
the Bankinter Green Bond Framework (as defined below), must determine for themselves the relevance of such
information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds together with any other investigation such
investor deems necessary and must seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional
adviser regarding its purchase of the Green Bonds before deciding to invest. For more information see – "Notes
issued as "Green Bonds" as described in "Use of Proceeds", may not meet investor expectations or be suitable
for an investor’s investment criteria" and "Use of Proceeds". 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their affiliates accept any responsibility for any environmental assessment of any
Notes issued as Green Bonds or make any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet
any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green" or similar label. Neither the Dealers nor any of
its affiliates are responsible for the use of proceeds for any Green Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such
use of proceeds. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any
report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer or any affiliate)
made available in connection with an issue of Green Bonds, nor is any such report, assessment, opinion or
certification a recommendation by the Dealers to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any such Notes
are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green" or other equivalently-labelled
segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such
listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
Any report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of
Green Bonds is not incorporated in this Base Prospectus. The Second Party Opinion mentioned in the "Use of
Proceeds" section and any other such opinion, report, assessment or certification is not, nor should be deemed to
be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes
and is current only as of the date it is issued. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second
Party Opinion or any such other opinion or certification may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion
may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Prospective investors must determine for
themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification and/or the information contained
therein. The Bankinter Green Bond Framework may also be subject to review and change and may be amended,
updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ
from any description given in this Base Prospectus. Neither the Bankinter Green Bond Framework nor the Second
Party Opinion are incorporated into, and/or forms part of, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 17 ---
- 1 -
CONTENTS 
Page 
Key Features of the Programme ............................................................................................................................. 2
Risk Factors ............................................................................................................................................................ 9
Investment Considerations.................................................................................................................................... 43
Issue of Notes ....................................................................................................................................................... 51
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................................. 52
Applicable Transaction Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses ............................................................................... 54
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ...................................................................................................................... 55
Annex 1 Provisions relating to Equity Linked Notes ......................................................................................... 109
Annex 2 Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes ............................. 131
Annex 3 Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Notes ................................................... 144
Annex 4 Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts ..................................................................................... 146
Pro Forma Final Terms ....................................................................................................................................... 174
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement ........................................................................................................................... 219
Form of Notes ..................................................................................................................................................... 259
Transfer Restrictions ........................................................................................................................................... 262
Use of Proceeds .................................................................................................................................................. 263
Bankinter International Notes S.À R.L. .............................................................................................................. 266
Bankinter, S.A. ................................................................................................................................................... 268
Plan of Distribution ............................................................................................................................................ 296
Taxation and Disclosure of Information in connection with Payments .............................................................. 301
General Information ........................................................................................................................................... 314

--- Page 18 ---
- 2 -
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes
should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, the Applicable Transaction Terms and the
documents incorporated by reference. 
Information relating to the Issuer 
The Issuer: 
Bankinter International Notes S.à r.l. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 529900QGCKTS5X3AG225. 
Bankinter International Notes S.à r.l. a private limite liability
company (société à responsabilité limitée) incorporated on 22
December 2021 under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
and in particular the law dated 10 August 1915 on commercial
companies, as amended (the "Companies Act") for an unlimited
duration with its registered office at 46A avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-
1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered
with the Luxembourg trade and companies register (Registre de
commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B262854.
Business: 
The principal objects of the Issuer are set forth in Article 4 of its
articles of association and are the issuance of financial instruments. 
Managers: 
The Managers of the Issuer are as follows: 
Name 
Principal Occupation 
Patricia
Galán
Madrid
Manager - General Director of Bankinter
Luxembourg - Resident Luxembourg
Adolfo
Gutierrez
Gonzalez
Manager
-
I.T.
Director of
Bankinter
Luxembourg - Resident Luxembourg
Álvaro
Martínez
Martínez 
Manger - Finance and Risk Manager of
Bankinter
Luxembourg
-
Resident
Luxembourg
Marta
de
Miguel
Silva
Manager - Director of Bankinter Network
Distribution, S.A.) 
Information Relating to the Guarantor 
The Guarantor and the Group: 
Bankinter, S.A. is domiciled in Spain and has its registered office
at Paseo de la Castellana 29, 28046 Madrid where the principal
operating headquarters are located. The telephone number of the
principal operating headquarters of the Bank is +34 91 339 7500.
The Guarantor is a Spanish company with legal status as a public
limited company (sociedad anónima), with the status of a bank and

--- Page 19 ---
- 3 -
is governed by the Restated Spanish Companies Act (Texto
Refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital), approved by Royal
Legislative Decree 1/2010, of 2 July (Real Decreto Legislativo
1/2010, de 2 de julio, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la
Ley de Sociedades de Capital). The Guarantor is subject to special
legislation for credit institutions in general, the supervision, control
and regulation of the European Central Bank and, as a listed
company, the regulatory supervision of the Spanish Securities
Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores)
and, as a credit institution, to Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the
management, supervision and solvency of credit institutions and
Royal Decree 84/2015, of 13 February, developing Law 10/2014,
of 26 June, on ordination, supervision and solvency of credit
institutions. 
Business: 
The Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries are a financial
group operating through a network of offices and subsidiaries
across Spain, Luxembourg, Portugal and other European countries,
offering a wide range of financial products.
At 31 December 2023, the Group had a market capitalisation over
EUR 5,200 million, shareholders' equity of EUR 269,659,846.20
and total assets of EUR 113,011,642 (in thousands).
Directors and Employees 
The members of the Board of Directors of the Bank as of the date
of this Base Prospectus are as follows:
Ms. María Dolores Dancausa Treviño 
Mr. Alfonso Botín-Sanz de Sautuola y Naveda 
Ms. Gloria Ortiz Portero 
Mr. Marcelino Botín-Sanz de Sautuola y Naveda 
Mr. Fernando Masaveu Herrero 
Ms. Teresa Martín-Retortillo Rubio 
Mr. Álvaro Álvarez-Alonso Plaza 
Ms. María Luisa Jordá Castro
Ms. Cristina García-Peri Álvarez 
Ms. Teresa Paz-Ares Rodríguez
Description of the Programme 
Description: 
Guaranteed Structured Notes Programme (the "Programme"). 
Arranger and Dealer: 
Bankinter, S.A. 
Dealers: 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any
Dealer(s) under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either
in respect of a single Tranche or in respect of the Programme. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Bankinter, S.A.
Listing: 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of
Ireland, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation.
The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and
consistency imposed under the Prospectus Regulation. Application
has been made to The Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext

--- Page 20 ---
- 4 -
Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for the Notes to be admitted to its
Official List and trading on its regulated market, if so specified in
the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer has requested the Central
Bank of Ireland to notify the approval of this Base Prospectus in
accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation to the
competent authority in Spain, the Spanish Securities Market
Regulator (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) (the
"CNMV”) and in Portugal, the Portuguese Securities Market
Commission (Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários) (the
"CMVM")
by providing them, inter alia, with certificates of
approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
Size: 
Up to EUR 4,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at
the date of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding
at any one time.
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory
and/or central bank requirements, Notes may be denominated in
Euros or U.S. dollars or in any other currency or currencies.
Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to such compliance, be
made in and/or linked to, any currency or currencies other than the
currency in which such Notes are denominated.
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all relevant laws,
regulations, central bank requirements and directives.
Any Notes issued with an original legal maturity of less than one
year must comply with the Central Bank of Ireland's notice of
exemptions granted under section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act,
1971 as amended (BSD C01/02) and, inter alia, have a minimum
Specified Denomination of EUR 125,000. In addition such Notes
must bear the following legend: 
"An investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank
deposit and does not have the protection of the deposit protection
scheme operated by the Central Bank of Ireland. The Issuer is not
regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland by virtue of the issue of
the Notes."
Denomination: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the
relevant Specified Currency (see "Maturities" above) and save that
the minimum denomination of each Note will be EUR 1,000 (or, if
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Final Terms, Drawdown Prospectus or
Pricing Supplement: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1)
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Applicable
Transaction Terms, or (2) pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. The
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes
will be the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as (i) completed by
the applicable Final Terms in the case of Notes admitted to trading

--- Page 21 ---
- 5 -
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or on another regulated
market for the purposes of MiFID II, (ii) supplemented, amended
and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown
Prospectus or (iii) supplemented, amended or replaced by the
applicable Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.
The Notes will be issued in one or more Series (which may be
issued on the same date or which may be issued in more than one
Tranche on different dates). The Notes may be issued in Tranches
on a continuous basis with no minimum issue size, subject to
compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and directives.
Further Notes may be issued as part of an existing Series. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form, with or without interest
coupons ("Bearer Notes"). 
Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes will, unless otherwise specified, only be sold outside
the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S
and will, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction
Terms, be represented by a Global Note deposited: 
(a)
in the case of a global note which is not intended to be
issued in new global note form (a "Classic Global Note" 
or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Applicable
Transaction Terms, with or on behalf of a common
depositary located outside the United States for Euroclear
and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or
(b)
in the case of a global note which is intended to be issued
in new global note form (a "New Global Note" or
"NGN"),
as
specified
in
the
relevant
Applicable
Transaction Terms, with a common safekeeper for
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Interests in a Global Note will be exchangeable in whole but not in
part for a definitive Notes in bearer form in the limited
circumstances described in this Base Prospectus.
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a premium to
their principal amount. The Issue Price and amount of Notes to be
issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer, the
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in
accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Fixed Interest Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each
year specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest set separately for each Series
by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or €STR (or, in the case
of Exempt Notes, such other benchmark as may be specified in the
applicable Pricing Supplement) as adjusted for any applicable

--- Page 22 ---
- 6 -
margin. Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Applicable
Transaction Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Reference Item Linked Interest Notes: 
The Applicable Transaction Terms issued in respect of each issue
of Reference Item Linked Interest Notes will specify the relevant
type of Note and the amounts of interest payable will be calculated
as provided in the conditions of the Notes set out in this Base
Prospectus for that type of Note, which may be by reference to
equity, a constant maturity swap, an equity index, a foreign
exchange rate, a reference rate or a formula (or in the case of
Exempt Notes such other underlying reference item as may be set
out in the applicable Pricing Supplement).
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. All such information
will be set out in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Settlement of the Notes: 
Notes will be cash settled, as provided in the relevant Applicable
Transaction Terms.
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Applicable Transaction Terms issued in respect of each issue
of Notes which are redeemable in two or more instalments will set
out the date on which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may
be redeemed. 
Other Notes: 
Terms applicable to any other type of Note which the Issuer, and
any Dealer or Dealers may agree to issue under the Programme will
be set out in the Pricing Supplement or in a Drawdown Prospectus
(as applicable). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Applicable Transaction Terms issued in respect of each issue
of Notes will state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to
their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or
in part, including without limitation, pursuant to Condition 5(e)
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call) and Exercise of
Issuer's Options) or Condition 5(f) (Redemption at the Option of the
Issuer (Clean-Up Call))) and/or the Noteholders, and if so the terms
applicable to such redemption.
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above or as
otherwise specifically provided in the Terms and Conditions of the
Notes, Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to
maturity only for tax reasons. 
Status of the Notes 
Notes will all rank as more fully described in Condition 3 (Status of
the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Ratings 
The Guarantor's long-term rating as of the date of this Base
Prospectus are "A" (Stable) by DBRS Ratings GmbH, "A2*"

--- Page 23 ---
- 7 -
(Stable) by Moody's Investor Service España, S.A. and "A-" 
(Stable) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where
Notes are rated, such rating will be disclosed in the relevant Final
Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Information requirements under Spanish
Law: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any
Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 7 (Taxation). In the event
that any such deduction is made, the Issuer or, as the case may be,
the Guarantor will, save in certain limited circumstances provided
in Condition 7 (Taxation), be required to pay such additional
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted as will result in receipt
by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received
by them had no such withholding or deduction been required.
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Guarantee and all non-contractual obligations
arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and
construed in accordance with, Spanish law. 
With regard to the Issuer and for the avoidance of doubt, Articles
470-1 to 470-19 of the Companies Act, are hereby excluded. No
Noteholder may start proceedings against the Issuer which are
based on Article 470-21 of the Companies Act. 
Selling Restrictions: 
United States, United Kingdom, EEA Retail Investors, UK Retail
Investors, Spain, and Portugal. See "Plan of Distribution". 
In connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of
Notes, additional selling restrictions may be imposed which will be
set out in the Final Terms, Drawdown Prospectus or in the Pricing
Supplement. 
Risk Factors: 
Prospective investors should understand the risks of investing in
any type of Note before they make their investment decision. They
should make their own independent decision to invest in any type
of Note and as to whether an investment in such Note is appropriate
or proper for them based upon their own judgement and upon
advice from such advisers as they consider necessary. 
For a description of certain risks involved in investing in the Notes,
see "Risk Factors". 
Risk factors are designed both to protect investors from investments
from which they are not suitable and to set out the financial risks
associated with an investment in a particular type of Note. 
Representation of Noteholders: 
The interest of the Noteholders shall be protected and the
Noteholders represented by either the Meetings of Noteholders or

--- Page 24 ---
- 8 -
the Syndicate of Noteholders, as applicable, in accordance with the
Terms and Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 25 ---
- 9 -
RISK FACTORS 
Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any
investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer and the Guarantor and the industry(ies) in which each of them
operates together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular, the risk
factors described below. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (including
"Annex 1 – Provisions relating to Equity Linked Notes", "Annex 2 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes", "Annex 3 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked
Notes" and "Annex 4 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts") below or elsewhere in this Base
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section.
Notes may be issued under the Programme which are Equity Linked Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked
Notes, Reference Rate Linked Notes, or, if the Notes are Exempt Notes, other reference item linked notes (together
"Reference Item Linked Notes"). The relevant terms of any Reference Item Linked Notes that are not Exempt
Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The relevant terms of any Reference Item Linked Notes that
are Exempt Notes will be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. An investment in Reference Item Linked
Notes may involve a number of risks, some of which are referred to below (see "Risk Factors Relating to Reference
Item Linked Notes") and which are not associated with investment in a conventional debt security. The amount
paid by the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, on redemption of the Reference Item Linked Notes may
be less than the principal amount of the Reference Item Linked Notes and may in certain circumstances be zero.
Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor that are not currently known to the
Issuer and the Guarantor, or that either currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have
a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer
and the Guarantor and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose
the value of their entire investment or part of it.
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
CONTENTS OF THE RISK FACTORS 
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
1.
Risks Relating to the Notes 
2.
Risks Relating to Reference Item Linked Notes 
3.
Risks Relating to Specific Types of Reference Item Linked Notes 
4.
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Group

--- Page 26 ---
- 10 -
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
1.
Risks Relating to the Notes 
The Notes bear the credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
Holders of Notes bear the credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor. That is the risk that the Issuer or the Guarantor
is not able to meet its obligations under such Notes, irrespective of how any principal, interest or other payments
under such Notes are to be calculated. In such circumstances Holders may lose some or all of their investment. 
Claims of holders under the Notes are effectively junior to those of certain other creditors  
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will at all
times rank pari passu and rateably among themselves and at least pari passu with all other unsecured and
unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions
of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
Luxembourg insolvency laws may not be as favorable as insolvency laws in other jurisdictions The insolvency
laws of Luxembourg may not be as favorable to holders of Notes as insolvency laws of other jurisdictions with
which investors may be familiar. The Issuer is incorporated and has its center of main interests (centre des intérêts
principaux), for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2015/848 of the European Parliament and of the Council of
20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast), as amended (the European Insolvency Regulation), and its
registered office and central administration (administration centrale) in Luxembourg. Accordingly, insolvency
proceedings affecting the Issuer would be governed by Luxembourg insolvency laws. The following is a brief
description of the key features of Luxembourg insolvency proceedings and certain aspects of insolvency laws in
Luxembourg. 
Under the insolvency laws of Luxembourg, the following types of Luxembourg insolvency proceedings may be
opened against the Issuer to the extent that the Issuer has its registered office or its center of main interests (centre
des intérêts principaux) (for the purposes of the European Insolvency Regulation) in Luxembourg: 

bankruptcy proceedings (faillite); 

judicial reorganisation (réorganisation judiciaire);

reorganisation by amicable agreement (réorganisation par accord amiable); and 

administrative dissolution without liquidation (dissolution administrative sans liquidation). 
In addition to these proceedings, your ability to receive payment with respect to the Notes as far as the Issuer is
concerned may be affected by a decision of the Commercial District Court (Tribunal d’arrondissement siégeant
en matière commerciale) granting suspension of payments (sursis de paiements) or putting the Issuer into judicial
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire). 
The guarantee in respect of the Notes (the "Guarantee") is an unsecured and unsubordinated preferred senior
obligation of the Guarantor (crédito ordinario preferente). Subject to statutory preferences, the Guarantee will
rank equally with any of the Guarantor's other unsecured and unsubordinated senior preferred indebtedness
(créditos ordinarios preferentes). However, the Guarantee will be effectively subordinated to all of the Guarantor's
secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and other preferential
obligations under Spanish law including the covered deposits and natural persons and micro, small and medium
enterprises deposits referred to in Additional Provisions 14 of Law 11/2015, of 18 June, on the Recovery and
Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms (Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución
de entidades de crédito y empresas de servicios de inversion) ("Law 11/2015"). The Guarantee is also structurally
subordinated to all indebtedness of subsidiaries of the Guarantor insofar as any right of the Guarantor to receive
any assets of such companies upon their winding-up will be effectively subordinated to the claims of the creditors
of those companies in the winding-up. 
In addition, the BRRD (as defined below) and Law 11/2015 contemplate that any liabilities to the Guarantor
including but not limited to the Guarantee may be subject to the application of the general bail-in tool (see "The

--- Page 27 ---
- 11 -
taking of any action under Law 11/2015 and its developing regulations could materially affect the value of any
Notes. The liabilities of the Guarantor including the Guarantee may also be subject to loss absorption through
their permanent write-down and/or conversion into equity" below).
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there
is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be
consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the Notes are traded
after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing
interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the
Issuer and the Guarantor.
Although application may be made to the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to its
Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on its regulated market, this does not mean that such Notes will be
any more or less liquid than if such Notes were not listed and there is no assurance that such application will be
accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. 
Accordingly, a trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes may not develop or may be illiquid and Holders
should be prepared to hold the Notes to maturity. 
The Issue Price may be greater than the market value of the Notes 
The Issue Price specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms may be more than the market value of the
Notes as at the Issue Date, and the price, if any, at which a Dealer or any other person is willing to purchase the
Notes in secondary market transactions is likely to be lower than the Issue Price. In particular, the Issue Price may
take into account amounts with respect to commissions relating to the issue and sale of the Notes as well as
subscription fees, placement fees, direction fees, structuring fees and/or other additional costs as well as amounts
relating to the hedging of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes, and secondary market prices are likely to
exclude such amounts. Any difference between the issue price and/or offer price may have an adverse effect on
the value of the Notes, particularly immediately following the offer and the issue date relating to such Notes,
where any such amounts, fees and costs may be deducted from the price at which such Notes can be sold by the
initial investor in the secondary market. 
Furthermore, if the Notes are offered by the Issuer to the public directly on the secondary market in connection
with any listing of the Notes ("Direct Listing"), the profit of the Notes for investors may be reduced taking into
account that the purchase price of the Notes on the secondary market may be different from the Issue Price.
The Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer prior to maturity at the option of the Issuer or for taxation reasons 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms specifies
otherwise, in the event that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to increase the
amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied specifically by or
on behalf of Luxembourg or the Kingdom of Spain where the Issuer and Guarantor are incorporated, respectively,
and are tax residents of Luxembourg or the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision thereof or any authority
therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may in certain circumstances redeem all outstanding Notes in
accordance with the Conditions. 
In the event that one or more Events of Default (as defined in the Applicable Transaction Terms) occurs, the Notes
may become immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount. In addition, if "Automatic Early
Redemption Event" is specified as being applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, on the occurrence of an
Automatic Early Redemption Event the Notes will be automatically redeemed at their Automatic Early
Redemption Amount. If an Additional Disruption Event or an Extraordinary Event occurs, the Issuer may redeem
the Notes early. 
Additionally, if the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms specify the Clean-Up Call Option as being applicable
to the Notes, the Issuer may have the option to redeem (in whole but not in part) a specific Series of Notes if a
specific percentage, as stated in the applicable Applicable Transaction Terms, of the initial aggregate nominal

--- Page 28 ---
- 12 -
amount of the Notes of such Series have been previously redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer
and cancelled, as further described in Condition 5(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Call)). 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may 
be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued  
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified Denomination
plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts
in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of the minimum Specified
Denomination. In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of
less than the minimum Specified Denomination with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the
remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a
result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such
holding (should definitive Notes be printed (or issued)) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes
at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified
Denomination. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount may experience price volatility in response to changes in 
market interest rates  
The market value of Notes which are issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater price
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing notes with comparable maturities. 
Exchange rates will affect the calculation of the FX Factor 
The FX Factor (as defined below), where the Applicable Transaction Terms states that it applies, reflects the
performance of the Specified Currency and the FX Value Reference Currency (or, where the Foreign Exchange
(FX) Rate Linked Note provisions apply, the Base Currency and Subject Currency) during the life of the Notes
and will be applied to the calculation of certain amounts under the Notes. An investor is therefore directly exposed
to the performance of such currencies. Where such performance is adverse this may result in an overall loss to an
investor. 
Risks in connection with the public offer of the Notes 
If the Notes are distributed by means of a public offer, under certain circumstances indicated in the applicable
Final Terms, the Issuer and/or the other entities indicated in the applicable Final Terms will have the right to
withdraw or revoke the offer, and the offer will be deemed to be null and void according to the terms indicated in
the applicable Final Terms. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer and/or the other
entities specified in the applicable Final Terms may terminate the offer early by immediate suspension of the
acceptance of further subscription requests and by giving notice to the public in accordance with the applicable
Final Terms. Any such termination may occur even where the maximum amount for subscription in relation to
that offer (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), has not been reached. In such circumstances, the early
closing of the offer may have an impact on the aggregate number of Notes issued and, therefore, may have an
adverse effect on the liquidity of the Notes. Furthermore, under certain circumstances, the Issuer and/or the other
entities indicated in the applicable Final Terms will have the right to extend the offer period and/or to postpone
the originally designated issue date, and related interest payment dates. For the avoidance of doubt, this right
applies also in the event that the Issuer publishes a supplement to the Base Prospectus in accordance with the
provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Investors should be aware that potential conflicts of interest may arise in connection with the Notes, as any
Distributors or other entities involved in the offer and/or the listing of the Notes as indicated in the applicable
Final Terms, will act pursuant to a mandate granted by the Issuer and can receive commissions and/or fees on the
basis of the services performed in relation to such offer and/or listing. 
In the case of Direct Listing, potential conflicts of interests may arise between the role of the Issuer as offeror and
the role of: (i) the Issuer itself; and/or (ii) other entities of the Group; and/or (iii) other intermediaries, when the

--- Page 29 ---
- 13 -
Issuer and/or the other entities of the Group and/or other intermediaries are performing the relevant investment
service in relation to the Notes. 
Risks relating to the Commissioner 
Prospective investors should note that the Commissioner (which owes certain obligations to the Syndicate of
Noteholders) may be appointed by the Issuer in respect of certain issues of Notes and that it may be an employee
or officer of the Issuer. 
Potential conflicts of interest between the the Guarantor acting as an Arranger and Dealer  
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Guarantor acting as an Arranger, if any, and as the same time
acting as a Dealer, even when measures to avoid possible conflicts of interest have been devised under Bankinter's
conflicts of interest policy. This risk could occur if the parties involved in the offering of Notes have any type of
conflict of interest or special interest, as indicated in the Final Terms. 
Notes issued as "Green Bonds" as described in "Use of Proceeds", may not meet investor expectations or be 
suitable for an investor's investment criteria. 
The Applicable General Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's
intention to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of those Notes to Eligible Green Projects (as
defined below) (such Notes being "Green Bonds") as described in the Guarantor's green bond framework (the
"Bankinter Green Bond Framework") in force at the relevant time. The Bankinter Green Bond Framework is
published on the website of the Guarantor (see "Use of Proceeds"). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the "Use of Proceeds" section, the Bankinter
Green Bond Framework and the Applicable General Terms in relation to the use of an amount equal to the net
proceeds of the Issue of the relevant Green Bonds and assess, for themselves, the relevance of the information
contained therein, as well as any other information that prospective investors may obtain by any other means, for
the purpose of investing in such Green Bonds. The additional consideration of "green", shall not affect their
ranking and regulatory treatment or their eligibility for the minimum eligible liabilities.
In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer that the use of such proceeds for any project will satisfy, whether
in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria
or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply whether by any present or future
applicable law or regulations (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to
facilitate sustainable investment, the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act adopted by the EU Commission on
21 April 2021 (jointly, the "EU Taxonomy Regulation"), regulation (EU) 2024/2631 on European Green Bonds
and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds
(the "European Green Bond Regulation"), or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of UK domestic law
by virtue of the EUWA, or any further regulations or standards that may be approved or created or by its own by-
laws or governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect
environmental or sustainability impact of any project or uses).
Furthermore, the requirements for a project to constitute a "green" or equivalent-labelled project may evolve from
time to time, accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any project or use(s) the subject of, or
related to, any project will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green" or other equivalently-
labelled performance objectives (including the above mentioned EU Taxonomy Regulation). 
In particular, the European Green Bond Regulation entered into force on 20 December 2023 and will apply from
21 December 2024. This regulation includes a set of requirements that bonds may comply with in order to be
labelled as "European Green Bonds" or "EUGB", in particular the full allocation (before the maturity of any
European Green Bond) of the proceeds of such bonds to economic activities aligned with the EU Taxonomy
Regulation in accordance with the categories set forth in article 4 of the European Green Bond Regulation.
Additionally, the European Green Bond Regulation establishes specific transparency requirements, with which
the issuers shall comply with prior and post an issuance of bonds labelled as "European Green Bonds" or
"EUGB".
Any Green Bonds issued under the Programme will not be compliant with the European Green Bond Regulation
and are only intended to comply with the requirements and processes set out in the Bankinter Green Bond

--- Page 30 ---
- 14 -
Framework. It is not clear if the establishment of the "EUGB" label could have an impact on investor demand
for, and pricing of, green bonds that do not comply with the requirements of the European Green Bond Regulation,
such as the Green Bonds issued under this Programme. This could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or
could otherwise affect the market price of any Green Bonds issued under the Programme that do not comply with
the European Green Bond Regulation. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion
or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer or the Guarantor) which may be made
available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any project, to fulfil any
environmental and/or other criteria. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a
recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds.
Failure to obtain or publish any report, valuation, opinion or certification or to take any other step or action shall
in no event give rise to a default by the Issuer and investors in such issues shall not be entitled to request early
redemption of the securities on that ground from the Issuer. 
In the event that any Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental" 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no
representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies,
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment
criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, the criteria
for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another.
No representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer or any other person that any such listing or admission
to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission
to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green Bonds to the
relevant project and obtain and publish any report, assessment, opinion, certificate, certification or verification in
accordance with the Bankinter Green Bond Framework and the Applicable General Terms, there can be no
assurance that the Issuer will be able to do so in line with investor expectations. Nor can there be any guarantee
that the Eligible Green Projects to which such funds are allocated will be completed or, if completed, will be
completed within a specified period of time or even that the "green" impact of such projects will be as expected
by the Issuer or investors. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not (i) constitute an Event of Default under
the relevant Green Bonds, (ii) give rise to any other claim by or right (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the
right to accelerate the Green Bonds) of a holder of such Green Bonds in accordance with their terms, (iii) lead to
an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Green Bonds or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining
whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Green Bonds, or (iv) result in a claim
for the payment of any adjusted amount of principal and/or interest in accordance with the terms of the Green
Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the Green Bonds
shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project nor have any preferred right against such assets. 
In accordance with the Bankinter Green Bond Framework (as described in the "Use of Proceeds" section), if for
any reason the proceeds could not be allocated in full to complying loans, the balance of the net proceeds will be
invested in Green Bonds of European issuers that are in line with the bank investment guidelines. 
In the event of a failure to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds to any project as
aforesaid, the withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or the issue of an opinion or certification attesting
that the Group is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is
opining or certifying on may, in each case, have a material adverse effect on the value of such Green Bonds and
also potentially the value of any other similar notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors
with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
2.
Risk Factors Relating to Reference Item Linked Notes 
Investors may lose some or all of the original investment amount 
The amount payable to Holders on redemption of the Reference Item Linked Notes may be less than the principal
amount invested by them in the Reference Item Linked Notes and may in certain circumstances be zero. 
In order to realise a return upon an investment in the Reference Item Linked Notes, an investor must have correctly
anticipated the timing and magnitude of an anticipated increase or the absence of a decrease in the value of the

--- Page 31 ---
- 15 -
Reference Item Linked Notes relative to the Issue Price and must also be correct about when any change will
occur. If the value of the Reference Item Linked Notes does not increase, or decrease, as the case may be, before
such Reference Item Linked Notes are redeemed, part of the investor's investment in such Reference Item Linked
Notes may be lost on such redemption. Other than in respect of Reference Item Linked Notes which are
redeemable prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the Noteholder, the only means by which a Noteholder can
realise value from its Reference Item Linked Notes prior to their Maturity Date is to sell such Reference Item
Linked Notes at their then market price in the secondary market (if available) (see "Illiquidity of the Secondary
Market" below).
Notes that are linked to a reference item (as defined below) may be principal (or capital) protected or non-principal
(or capital) protected at maturity. Investors in Notes which are not principal (or capital) protected may risk losing
their entire investment (including the loss of any transaction costs paid by the investor) if the value of the relevant
Reference Item does not move in the anticipated direction. If the Notes are specified in the Applicable Transaction
Terms as having a minimum redemption amount, such Notes are principal (or capital) protected at maturity only
and only to such extent. If Notes are redeemed or sold before their scheduled maturity or expiration, they may
return less than the minimum redemption amount, the amount invested or even zero. In addition amounts payable
may be subject to deductions for taxes or expenses. 
Investors should note that certain Notes linked to the performance of the relevant Reference Item may not benefit
from a minimum redemption amount or minimum cash settlement amount and investors may receive a cash
amount the value of which may be less than the initial investment amount of the Notes and investors are exposed
to the full loss of their investment (including the loss of any transaction costs paid by the investor). 
Fluctuations in the value of the relevant underlying will affect the value of Reference Item Linked Notes 
Fluctuations in the value of the relevant index or basket of indices (including the prices of securities included in
an index or basket of indices) will affect the value of single index notes and basket of indices notes. In addition,
fluctuations in the price of the relevant equity security, value of the basket of equity securities and value of the
reference rate will affect the value of single equity notes, basket of equity notes and reference rate notes. In the
case of single equity notes, basket of equity notes and in the case of currency linked notes, fluctuations in the
value of the currency or currencies in or to which the Reference Item Linked Notes or the underlying securities
or index are denominated or linked will also affect the value of such Reference Item Linked Notes. Also, due to
the character of the particular markets on which most equity securities are traded, the absence of last sale
information and the limited availability of quotations for such equity securities may make it difficult for many
investors to obtain timely, accurate data for the price or yield of such equity securities.The terms and conditions
of the Reference Item Linked Notes generally may include adjustment and early redemption provisions and other
terms which along with general market conditions may affect the amounts due and payable under such Reference
Item Linked Notes and/or their Maturity Date. In these cases the Reference Item Linked Notes may be affected
and may, in some cases, result in the Reference Item Linked Notes being redeemed early which may negatively
impact the return to investors.
Many factors may adversely affect the value and trading price of Reference Item Linked Notes 
Reference Item Linked Notes pose risks with regard to interim value. The interim value of the Reference Item
Linked Notes varies with the price and is affected by a number of factors, many of which are beyond the Issuer's
control, including but not limited to: 
(i)
market interest rates; 
(ii)
fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
(iii)
the liquidity of the Reference Item Linked Notes or any reference item(s) in the secondary market; 
(iv)
the time remaining to any redemption date or the maturity date; and 
(v)
economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting capital
markets generally and the stock exchange(s) on which the Reference Item Linked Notes may be traded. 
The effects of one or a combination of these factors may mean that a Noteholder will not be able to sell any
Reference Item Linked Notes prior to maturity at a price equal to or greater than the market value of the Reference

--- Page 32 ---
- 16 -
Item Linked Notes on the Issue Date and such Holder may only be able to sell Reference Item Linked Notes at a
discount, which may be substantial. 
The Calculation Agent may exercise broad discretion and may take action which affects the relevant underlying 
reference item and/or the value of Reference Item Linked Notes 
Investors should note that, in exercising its duties in relation to Reference Item Linked Notes, the Calculation
Agent may exercise considerable discretion in relation to certain matters which may affect amounts due and
payable under the Reference Item Linked Notes and/or their Maturity Date including (without limitation) the
replacement of an underlying index, share or other asset and/or modification of amounts otherwise payable on
redemption or determining the closing price and/or potential early redemption of the Reference Item Linked Notes.
The Calculation Agent may make such adjustments as it considers appropriate as a consequence of certain
corporate actions affecting the relevant underlying share or index. In making these adjustments, the Calculation
Agent is entitled to exercise substantial discretion and may be subject to conflicts of interest, including the
conflicts of interest highlighted above, in exercising this discretion.
Illiquidity of the Secondary Market 
There may be no secondary market for the Reference Item Linked Notes. If a secondary market does exist, it may
be illiquid and investors may find it difficult to trade the Reference Item Linked Notes. The number of Reference
Item Linked Notes of any Series may be relatively small, further adversely affecting the liquidity of such
Reference Item Linked Notes.
Noteholders will not obtain any rights of ownership in the Reference Item(s) 
Purchasers of Notes should be aware that the Issuer is under no obligation to hold a position in any Reference
Item(s) and should note that the relevant Reference Item(s) that may be held by the Issuer will not be held by the
Issuer for the benefit of the purchasers of such Notes and, as such, Noteholders will not obtain any rights of
ownership, including, without limitation, any voting rights, any rights to receive dividends or other distributions
or any other rights with respect to any Reference Item referenced by such Notes. 
The past performance of a Reference Item is not indicative of future performance 
There is a risk that Reference Items perform differently than in the past and consequently any information about
the past performance of the Reference Item at the time of the issuance of the Notes should not be regarded as
indicative of the range of, or trends in, fluctuations in the Reference Item that may occur in the future.
Hedging activities may affect the market price, liquidity or value of Reference Item Linked Notes 
In connection with the offering of the Reference Item Linked Notes, the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any of its
affiliates may enter into one or more hedging transactions with respect to any potential Reference Item(s) or
related derivatives. In connection with such hedging activities or with respect to proprietary or other trading
activities by the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates, the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any of its affiliates may enter
into transactions in the relevant Reference Item(s) or related derivatives which may, but are not intended to, affect
the market price, liquidity or value of the Reference Item Linked Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse
to the interest of the relevant Noteholders. 
Hedging transactions by the Issuer may affect the return on Reference Item Linked Notes 
The Issuer may use a portion or all of the total proceeds from the issue of the Notes for transactions to hedge the
risks of the Issuer relating to Reference Item Linked Notes. In such case, the Issuer may conclude transactions
that correspond to the obligations of the Issuer under the Reference Item Linked Notes. As a rule, such transactions
are concluded prior to or on the Issue Date, but it is also possible to conclude such transactions after issue of the
Reference Item Linked Notes. On or before a valuation date or delivery date, the Issuer or its affiliates may take
the steps necessary for closing out any hedging transactions. The price, level or value of a relevant underlying
security, index or other underlying, or the portfolio of which a share, index or other underlying forms a part, may
be influenced by such transactions. Entering into or closing out these hedging transactions may also influence the
probability of occurrence or non-occurrence of determining events in the case of Reference Item Linked Notes
with a value based on the occurrence of a certain event in relation to a relevant underlying security, index or other

--- Page 33 ---
- 17 -
underlying, or the portfolio of which a share or index forms a part, which may in turn adversely affect the return
(if any) received by investors. 
In addition, the Calculation Agent may make the determinations and adjustments to the Reference Item Linked
Notes and/or their Maturity Date including (without limitation) the replacement of an underlying index, share or
other asset, modification of amounts otherwise payable on redemption or determining the closing price and/or
potential early redemption of the Reference Item Linked Notes and any such adjustments deemed necessary as a
consequence of certain corporate actions affecting the relevant underlying share or index provided or actions taken
by financial institutions or dealers dealing with other financial instruments linked to the relevant underlying
Reference Item including for the avoidance of doubt those applied and made by calculation agents of any hedging
transactions that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor have entered into with financial counterparties in relation to
hedging their respective risks resulting from the issuance of the Notes and under the Guarantee. Such financial
intermediaries (which may be a calculation agent of such hedging transactions) may exercise considerable
discretion in relation to these matters and adjustments and may be subject to conflict of interests, including the
conflict of interest in exercising such discretion and may affect the price, level or value of the relevant underlying
Reference Item and/or the value of the Reference Item Linked Notes. 
Conflicts of interest between the Issuer, the Guarantor and its affiliates and the Noteholders 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and its affiliates may: 
(i)
engage in trading and market-making activities and hold long or short positions in the relevant Reference
Item(s) and other instruments or derivative products based on or related to the relevant Reference Item(s)
for their proprietary accounts or for other accounts under their management; 
(ii)
issue Reference Item Linked Notes in respect of the relevant Reference Item(s) which are securities, or
issue derivative instruments in respect thereof; 
(iii)
serve as issuer, agent, manager or underwriter of such securities or other instruments; 
(iv)
act as underwriter in connection with future offerings of securities which comprise the Reference Items;
and 
(v)
act as financial advisers to certain underlying companies or reference entities.
The Issuer's, the Guarantor's and its affiliates' interests with respect to such securities, instruments and products
may be adverse to those of the Noteholders and such activities could present certain conflicts of interest, could
influence the prices of such Reference Items and could adversely affect the value of the Reference Item Linked
Notes. Potential conflicts of interest may also arise in connection with an issue of Notes, as any Distributors or
other entities involved in the offer and/or the listing of such Notes, will act pursuant to a mandate granted by the
Issuer and can receive commissions and/or fees on the basis of the services performed in relation to such offer
and/or listing. 
Additionally, if acting as calculation agent for Equity Linked Notes linked to one or more securities or indices,
the Guarantor or the Issuer will determine the payout to the investor at maturity. The Issuer, the Guarantor and
their affiliates may also carry out hedging activities related to any Equity Linked Notes linked to one or more
securities or indices, including trading in the underlying securities and/or indices, as well as in other instruments
related to the underlying securities and/or indices. The Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates may also trade the
applicable underlying securities and/or indices and other financial instruments related to the underlying securities
and/or indices on a regular basis as part of their general broker-dealer and other businesses. Any of these activities
could influence the Calculation Agent's determination of adjustments made to any Equity Linked Notes linked to
one or more securities and/or indices and any such trading activity could potentially affect the price, level or value
of the underlying securities and/or indices, accordingly, could affect the investor's payout on any Equity Linked
Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
- 18 -
3.
Risks Relating to Specific Types of Reference Item Linked Notes 
Risks Relating to Equity Linked Notes 
Investors have no shareholder rights 
As an owner of Equity Linked Notes, investors will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends, interest
or other distributions, as applicable, or any other rights with respect to any underlying security or index. 
Risk of automatic early redemption in respect of Equity Linked Notes 
In relation to certain Equity Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes will be automatically redeemed prior to their
maturity if certain conditions specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms are met. Notes of this type
have an uncertain maturity date. Where such Notes are redeemed prior to their scheduled maturity date, investors
may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high
as that of the equivalent Equity Linked Notes. 
Investors are exposed to certain key risks, including a loss of all or a substantial portion of their investment 
An investment in Equity Linked Notes entails certain risks as set out below, which may vary depending on the
specification and type or structure of the Equity Linked Notes. Potential investors in Equity Linked Notes should
be aware that: 
(a)
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal or investment, depending on the performance
of each relevant underlying security or index; 
(b)
the market price of such Equity Linked Notes may be very volatile; 
(c)
investors in Equity Linked Notes may receive no interest; 
(d)
a relevant underlying security or index may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate
with changes in securities prices, indices or inflation indices; 
(e)
any Share Dividend Index may carry additional specific risks not associated with a normal Share Index
in particular since such index will relate to dividend payments, if any, of relevant reference shares, instead
of share prices; 
(f)
if a relevant underlying security or index is applied to Equity Linked Notes in conjunction with a
multiplier greater than one or contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the relevant
underlying security or index on principal or interest payable on such Equity Linked Notes is likely to be
magnified; and 
(g)
the timing of changes in a relevant underlying security or index may affect the actual yield to investors,
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the
relevant underlying security or index, the greater the effect on yield. 
Equity Linked Notes are not ordinary debt securities 
The term of Equity Linked Notes differ from those of ordinary debt securities because the Equity Linked Notes
may not pay interest on maturity, depending on the performance of the relevant underlying security or notes or
may return less than the amount invested or nothing. The price of Equity Linked Notes may fall in value as rapidly
as it may rise, and investors in Equity Linked Notes may potentially lose all of their investment. 
Prospective investors should refer to the "Investment Considerations" section and in particular the section therein
entitled "Considerations relating to whether an investment in Equity Linked Notes is suitable for a particular
investor".

--- Page 35 ---
- 19 -
The value of Equity Linked Notes may be substantially reduced by unpredictable factors 
The value of the Equity Linked Notes may be substantially reduced by several factors beyond the Issuer's and the
Guarantor's control including: 
1.
Valuation of the relevant underlying security or index. The market price or value of an Equity Linked
Note at any time is expected to be affected primarily by changes in the price, level or value of the relevant
underlying security or index to which the Equity Linked Notes are linked. It is impossible to predict how
the price, level or value of the relevant underlying security or index will vary over time. The historical
performance value (if any) of the relevant underlying security or index does not indicate the future
performance of the relevant underlying security or index. Factors which may have an effect on the price,
level or value of the relevant underlying security or index include the rate of return of the relevant
underlying security or index and, where relevant, the financial position and prospects of the issuer of the
relevant underlying security or index, the market price, level or value of the applicable underlying
security or index. In addition, the price, level or value of the relevant underlying security or index may
depend on a number of inter-related factors, including economic, financial and political events and their
effect on the capital markets generally and relevant stock exchanges. Potential investors should also note
that while the value of the Equity Linked Notes is linked to the relevant underlying security or index and
will be influenced (positively or negatively) by the relevant underlying security or index, any change
may not be comparable and may be disproportionate. It is possible that while the relevant underlying
security or index is increasing in value, the value of the Equity Linked Notes fall. Further, the Additional
Terms and Conditions of the Equity Linked Notes will allow the Calculation Agent to make adjustments
or take any other appropriate action if circumstances occur where the Equity Linked Notes or any
exchanges or price sources are affected by market disruption, adjustment events or circumstances
affecting normal activities; 
2.
Volatility. The term "volatility" refers to the actual and anticipated frequency and magnitude of changes
of the market price, level or value with respect to a relevant underlying security or index. Volatility is
affected by a number of factors, such as macroeconomic factors (i.e. those economic factors which have
broad economic effects), speculative trading and supply and demand in the options, futures and other
derivatives markets. Volatility of a relevant underlying security or index will move up and down over
time (sometimes more sharply than at other times) and different relevant underlying security or index
will most likely have separate volatilities at any particular time; 
3.
Dividend rates and other distributions. The value of certain Equity Linked Notes could, in certain
circumstances, be affected by fluctuations in the actual or anticipated rates of dividend (if any) or other
distributions on a relevant underlying security; 
4.
Interest rates. Investments in the Equity Linked Notes may involve interest rate risk. The interest rate
level may fluctuate on a daily basis and cause the value of the Equity Linked Notes to change on a daily
basis. The interest rate risk is a result of the uncertainty with respect to future changes of the market
interest rate level. In general, the effects of this risk increase as the market interest rates increase; 
5.
Remaining term. Generally, the effect of pricing factors over the term of Equity Linked Notes will
decrease as the maturity, date approaches. However, this reduction in the effect of pricing factors will
not necessarily develop consistently up until the Maturity Date, but may undergo temporary acceleration
and/or deceleration. Even if the price, level or value of the relevant underlying share or index rises or
falls there may be a reduction or increase, as the case may be, in the value of Equity Linked Notes due
to the other value determining factors. Given that the term of Equity Linked Notes is limited, investors
cannot rely on the price, level or value of the relevant underlying share or index or the value of the Equity
Linked Notes recovering again prior to maturity; 
6.
Creditworthiness. Investors are relying upon the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the Guarantor and
have no rights against any other person. If the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes insolvent, investors may
suffer potential loss of their entire investment irrespective of any favourable development of the other
value determining factors, such as a relevant underlying share or index; and 
7.
Exchange Rates. The value of Equity Linked Notes could, in certain circumstances, be affected by such
factors as fluctuations in the rates of exchange between any currency in which any payment in respect of
the Equity Linked Notes is to be made and any currency in which a relevant underlying share or index is

--- Page 36 ---
- 20 -
traded, appreciation or depreciation of any such currencies and any existing or future or governmental or
other restrictions on the exchangeability of such currencies. Rates of exchange between any relevant
currencies which are current rates at the date of issue of the Equity Linked Notes may not be
representative of the relevant rates of exchange used in computing the value of the Equity Linked Notes
at any time thereafter. 
Some or all of the above factors will influence the price that investors will receive if an investor sells its Equity
Linked Notes prior to maturity. Investors may have to sell certain Equity Linked Notes at a substantial discount
from the principal amount or investment amount if the market price, level or value of the applicable relevant
underlying share or index is at, below, or not sufficiently above the initial market price, level or value or if market
interest rates rise. The secondary market price of the Equity Linked Notes may be lower than the market value of
the issued Equity Linked Notes as at the Issue Date to take into account, among other things, amounts paid to
Distributors and other intermediaries relating to the issue and sale of the Equity Linked Notes and amounts relating
to the hedging of the Issuer's obligations. As a result of all of these factors, any investor that sells the Equity
Linked Notes before the stated expiration or Maturity Date, may receive an amount in the secondary market which
may be less than the then intrinsic market value of the Equity Linked Notes and which may also be less than the
amount the investor would have received had the investor held the Equity Linked Notes through to maturity. 
Market Disruption Events and Disrupted Days may result in adjustments and/or early redemption of Notes 
The Calculation Agent may determine that a Market Disruption Event or a failure to open of an Exchange or
Related Exchange has occurred or exists on a relevant date of valuation, and any consequential postponement of
such date of valuation may have an adverse effect on the value of the Equity Linked Notes. 
In addition, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments deemed necessary to Equity Linked Notes to account
for relevant adjustments or events in relation to the relevant underlying share or index including, but not limited
to, determining a successor to the relevant underlying share or index or its sponsor (in the case of an index).
In addition, in certain circumstances, the Issuer may redeem the Equity Linked Notes prior to the Maturity Date
following any such event. In this case, in relation to each Equity Linked Note, the Issuer will pay an amount, if
any, determined as provided in the Terms and Conditions. 
Additionally, for issues of Green Bonds, the Issuer will request to submit them to an assessment process ex post
by an external verification body that will be published on the Guarantors's website. In addition to the foregoing,
the Issuer shall have and keep updated, annually and from the year following its issuance until maturity (or until
full allocation), a limited assurance report on the allocation of the net proceeds of Green Bonds to Eligible Green
Projects, to be provided by its external auditor or any other qualified provider, and such report shall be published
on the Guarantors's website 
There may be correlation risk in the use of Equity Linked Notes as hedging instruments 
Any person intending to use Equity Linked Notes as a hedging instrument should recognise the "correlation risk" 
of doing this. Correlation risk is the potential differences in exposure for a potential investor that may arise from
the ownership of more than one financial instrument. Equity Linked Notes may not hedge exactly a relevant
underlying security or index or portfolio of which a relevant security or index forms a part. In addition, it may not
be possible to liquidate Equity Linked Notes at a price which directly reflects the price, level or value of the
relevant underlying security or index or portfolio of which a share or index forms part. Potential investors should
not rely on the ability to conclude transactions during the term of the Equity Linked Notes to offset or limit the
relevant risks. This depends on the market situation and the specific relevant underlying security or index
conditions. It is possible that such transactions will only be concluded at an unfavourable market price, resulting
in a corresponding loss for the Noteholder. 
There are additional risks in relation to Equity Linked Notes linked to a single emerging market security, a single
emerging market index, or a basket of securities or a basket of indices composed, in part or in whole, of emerging
market securities or indices 
Fluctuations in the trading prices of the underlying emerging market equity will affect the value of Equity Linked
Notes. Changes may result over time from the interaction of many factors directly or indirectly affecting economic
and political conditions in the related countries or member nations, including economic and political developments
in other countries. Of particular importance to potential risks are: (i) rates of inflation; (ii) interest rate levels; (iii)

--- Page 37 ---
- 21 -
balance of payments; and (iv) the extent of governmental surpluses or deficits in the relevant country. All of these
factors are, in turn, sensitive to the monetary, fiscal and trade policies pursued by the related countries, the
governments of the related countries and member nations (if any), and other countries important to international
trade and finance. Government intervention could materially and adversely affect the value of such Equity Notes.
Governments use a variety of techniques, such as intervention by their central bank or imposition of regulatory
controls or taxes to affect the trading of the underlying equity. Thus, a special risk in purchasing such Equity
Linked Notes is that their trading value and amount payable at maturity could be affected by the actions of
governments, fluctuations in response to other market forces and the movement of currencies across borders.
Emerging markets stocks may be more volatile than the stocks in more developed markets. 
Liquidity may affect the pricing of the relevant underlying security or index on Equity Linked Notes 
The Issuer's and its affiliates' hedging costs tend to be higher the less liquidity the relevant underlying security or
index has or the greater the difference between the "buy" and "sell" prices for the relevant underlying security
or index or derivatives contracts referenced to the relevant underlying security or index. When quoting prices for
Equity Linked Notes, the Issuer will factor in such hedging costs and will pass them on to the Noteholders by
incorporating them into the "buy" and "sell" prices. Thus, Noteholders selling their Equity Linked Notes on an
exchange or on the over-the-counter market may be doing so at a price that is substantially lower than the actual
value of the Equity Linked Notes at the time of sale. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may deal with underlying companies but do not control them 
The Issuer or the Guarantor or their respective subsidiaries may presently or from time to time engage in business
with any underlying company, including entering into loans with, or making equity investments in, the underlying
company or its affiliates or subsidiaries or providing investment advisory services to the underlying company,
including merger and acquisition advisory services. Moreover, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has the ability
to control or predict the actions of the underlying company or index publisher, including any actions, or
reconstitution of index components, of the type that would require the Calculation Agent to adjust the payout to
the investor at maturity.
Fluctuations in the value of components of underlying securities or indices may be offset by other fluctuations and
there may be exchange rate risk 
Fluctuations in the value of any one component of the relevant underlying security or index may, where applicable,
be offset or intensified by fluctuations in the value of other components. Where the value of the components of
the relevant underlying security or index is determined in a different currency to the value of the relevant
underlying security or index, investors may be exposed to exchange rate risk. 
Exchange rates and exchange controls may affect the value or return of the Equity Linked Notes 
Investors in an Equity Linked Note denominated in, or the return on which is linked to value for a relevant
underlying security or index denominated in currencies other than an investor's home currency are exposed to the
risk of significant changes in rates of exchange between its home currency and the other relevant currencies and
the possibility of the imposition or modification of exchange controls by the relevant governmental authorities.
These risks generally depend on economic and political events over which the Issuer has no control. Depreciation
against the investor's home currency or the currency of the return on an Equity Linked Note would result in a
decrease in the effective yield of the Equity Linked Note below its coupon rate and could result in an overall loss
to an investor on the basis of the investor's home currency. 
Risks relating to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes 
Investors may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the foreign exchange (FX)
rate linked notes ("Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes") (i) they may receive no or a limited amount
of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or delivery of assets may occur at a different time or in a different
currency than expected and (iii) they may lose a substantial portion or all of their investment. In addition,
movements in currency exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with
changes in interest rates or other indices and the timing of changes in the exchange rates may affect the actual

--- Page 38 ---
- 22 -
yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change
in currency exchange rates, the greater the effect on yield. 
Movements in the foreign exchange rate(s) to which the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes are linked
may adversely affect the value of and return on the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest
payable are dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates or are payable in one or more currencies which
may be different from the currency in which the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes are denominated.
Accordingly, an investment in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct
foreign exchange investment. 
The foreign exchange rate(s) to which the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes are linked will affect the
nature and value of the investment return on the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes. The performance of
foreign exchange rates are dependent upon the supply and demand for currencies in the international foreign
exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, including inflation rates in the countries concerned,
interest rate differences between the respective countries, economic forecasts, international political factors,
currency convertibility and safety of making financial investments in the currency concerned, speculation and
measures taken by governments and central banks. Such measures include, without limitation, imposition of
regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency to replace an existing currency, alteration of the exchange
rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a currency or imposition of exchange controls
with respect to the exchange or transfer of a specified currency that would affect exchange rates and the availability
of a specified currency. Where the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes are linked to the currency of an
emerging market jurisdiction, such risks may be magnified – see "Risks in relation to emerging market
currencies" below. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates and
are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the
effect of changes in the currency exchange rates on principal or interest payable will be magnified.
The occurrence of disruption events may result in the restriction or variation of payments and other obligations
under the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes 
Payments of principal and interest or other obligations of the Issuer in respect of any Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate
Linked Notes may be restricted or varied upon the occurrence of certain disruption events applicable to the Foreign
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes. A relevant disruption event for an exchange rate may relate to the inability to
obtain a price for the exchange rate from the applicable price source(s), illiquidity, the split of any relevant
currency into a dual exchange rate, inconvertibility, non-transferability, a material change in circumstances in the
jurisdiction of the Subject Currency that makes it impossible to fulfil certain hedging arrangements, a
nationalisation or variations in the prices quoted for the exchange on different sources being greater than a
specified percentage threshold (or not quoted for by members of a survey used to determine such source) if
specified for that rate in the terms and conditions of the Notes and/or the Applicable Transaction Terms.
Following a relevant disruption event, the applicable valuation date may be postponed so long as the relevant
disruption event continues, the Calculation Agent may determine the applicable exchange rate, the Foreign
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes may be redeemed early (or on the originally designated date) by payment of
the applicable early redemption amount rather than any amount that would have otherwise been calculated in
respect of and due on the relevant date, the related date for payment or delivery may be deferred so long as the
relevant disruption event continues or a fallback reference price source or sources may be used to calculate the
rate instead of the originally designated price source. Consequently, investors are exposed to the risk of an adverse
effect on (i) the value of, and/or amounts due in respect of, the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes due to
the occurrence of any disruption event and application of the related disruption fallback(s); or (ii) an investor's
investment schedule, timetable or plans if any due date for payment and/or delivery under the Foreign Exchange
(FX) Rate Linked Notes is postponed as a consequence of a disruption event. 
Risks in relation to emerging market currencies 
Where the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes are denominated in an emerging market currency or linked
to one or more emerging market currency, amounts determined to be due or deliverable in respect of such Foreign
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes may be significantly more volatile and subject to less certainty as to future

--- Page 39 ---
- 23 -
rates than if the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes were linked to currencies of more developed markets.
For example, emerging markets' currencies are highly exposed to the risk of a currency crisis occurring in the
future. 
In particular, policies or actions of any relevant governments of the jurisdictions of the Subject Currencies and
Base Currencies (the "Currency Jurisdictions") could adversely affect the relevant exchange rate(s) (such as
through market interventions of their central banks or equivalent bodies; governmental action which changes or
interferes with currency valuations or currency fluctuations that would otherwise occur in response to economic
forces; and restrictions on foreign investment and currency convertibility or movement across borders).
Non-governmental action may also directly or indirectly adversely affect the relevant exchange rates (such as
through weak overall growth and performance of each applicable Currency Jurisdiction's economy and stock
exchanges; political, economic and social uncertainty, including risks of nationalisation and expropriation of
assets and natural disasters; or wars which affect any Currency Jurisdiction directly or indirectly). 
Investors should note that the risk of occurrence and the severity of consequence of the matters described above
may be greater with respect to any emerging market jurisdiction than they otherwise would be in relation to more
developed countries. Economies in emerging markets are generally more heavily dependent upon international
trade, and accordingly, may be affected adversely by trade barriers, foreign exchange controls (including taxes),
managed adjustments in relative currency values and other protectionist measures imposed or negotiated with
countries with which they trade.
The occurrence of any of the above circumstances may have an adverse effect on the value of the Foreign
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes and amounts due or the date for payment thereunder. 
Risks relating to Reference Rate Linked Notes 
Factors affecting reference rates 
Potential investors in reference rate linked notes ("Reference Rate Linked Notes") should be aware that
payments under these notes may be fluctuating depending upon the development of the underlying Reference
Rate(s). Reference Rate(s) are mainly dependent upon the factors of the supply and demand for credit in the money
market, i.e., the rates of interest paid on investments, determined by the interaction of supply of and demand for
funds in the money market. The supply and demand in the money market on the other hand is dependent upon
macroeconomic factors, such as interest and price levels on the capital markets, currency developments, political
factors and central bank and government interventions and other market forces, or upon other factors, depending
on the specific type of Reference Rate(s). Factors that are affecting the performance of the Reference Rate(s) may
adversely affect the market value of, and return (if any) on, the Reference Rate Linked Notes linked thereto.
Depending upon the development of the Reference Rate(s), it is possible that the applicable rate of interest for
one or more interest periods during the term of Reference Rate Linked Note may be equal to zero, or, even if the
rate of interest is above zero, it may be substantially lower than the interest rate that would be applicable to
conventional fixed rate debt securities of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor with a comparable term. 
Potential investors in Reference Rate Linked Notes should in particular take note of and also be aware of the risks
described under "The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to
or referencing any such "benchmarks" below.
4.
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
any such "benchmarks"  
Potential investors in Reference Rate Linked Notes or Floating Rate Notes should be aware that the reference
rates these notes are linked to may be "benchmarks" within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (as
defined below). Investors in such notes are therefore also subject to the risks that are described in this risk factor.
A number of interest rates and other published values, indices which are "benchmarks", (including the euro
interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR") and other types of indices such as indices comprised of interest rates,
equities, funds, foreign exchange rates and combinations thereof) have been the subject of recent national and
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. These reforms have resulted in the cessation of certain
benchmarks, including Euro Overnight Index Average ("EONIA") and all London Interbank Offered Rate

--- Page 40 ---
- 24 -
("LIBOR") currencies and tenors and, may cause other benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a
material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the EU Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of the UK domestic law by
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") apply to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution
of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU and the UK, respectively. The EU
Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation, among other things, (i) require benchmark
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based o UK-based, as applicable, to be subject to an
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities
(such as the Guarantor) and UK supervised entities, as applicable, of benchmarks of administrators that are not
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based or UK-based, as applicable, not deemed equivalent or recognised or
endorsed).
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the
benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the
UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing,
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. More
broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks,
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and
complying with any such regulations or requirements.
In addition to so-called "critical benchmark" indices, such as EURIBOR, other interest rates, foreign exchange
rates, and indices, including equity, commodity and "proprietary" indices or strategies, will in most cases be
within scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, as
"benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount payable under, or the value of, certain financial
instruments (including securities listed on an EU or UK regulated market, EU or UK multilateral trading facility,
EU or UK organised trading facility or via a systematic internaliser). 
Amongst other developments, relevant authorities have identified "risk free rates" to take the place of Interbank
Offered Rates ("IBORs") as primary benchmarks. This includes (i) for sterling LIBOR, a reformed Sterling
Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), so that SONIA has been established as the primary sterling interest rate
benchmark, (ii) for EONIA and EURIBOR, a new Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR") as the new euro risk free
rate, and (iii) for USD LIBOR, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") has been established as the
primary U.S. dollar interest rate benchmark. The risk free rates have a different methodology and other important
differences from the IBORs they will eventually replace and have little, if any, historical track record and may be
subject to changes in their methodology. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on
certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a
benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the
value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a
benchmark. In addition, under the terms of the Notes a General Administrator/Benchmark Event may arise if any
of the following circumstances occurs or will occur: (1) a benchmark is materially changed or cancelled, (2)(i)
the relevant authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in respect of
the benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the benchmark is not obtained, (ii) an application for
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official
register is rejected or (iii) any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or
approval is suspended or inclusion in any official register is withdrawn or (3) it is not commercially reasonable to
continue use of the benchmark due to licensing restrictions or increased licence costs or (4) a regulatory supervisor
announces the benchmark is no longer, or as of a specified future date, will no longer be, representative of any
relevant underlying market(s). The occurrence of a General Administrator/Benchmark Event may cause the Issuer
to adjust the terms and conditions of the Notes or early redeem the Notes. 
The Issuer has a wide discretion in making any adjustments following a General Administrator/Benchmark Event.
Such adjustments may include selecting one or more successor benchmarks and making related adjustments to
the Notes, including the application of an adjustment spread and, if applicable, adjustments to reflect increased
costs. Such adjustments may result in payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with,

--- Page 41 ---
- 25 -
the payments that would have been made on the Notes if the original rate had continued to be published in its
original form and used for the purposes of the Notes.
It is possible that a General Administrator/Benchmark Event or details of it are announced significantly in advance
of action being appropriate in relation to the relevant Notes. The Issuer is only obliged to notify investors once it
has determined the action to be taken as a result of the relevant event. 
As from 1 January, 2022 most of LIBOR settings ceased or become unrepresentative and the 1, 3 and 6 month
tenors of the remaining US dollar or Japanese yen LIBOR settings ceased on 30 June 2023. 
Whilst fallback provisions in respect of the Notes may have been triggered prior to the Issue Date, the effective
date and consequences of such fallbacks as applied by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent may not take effect
until significantly after the date of such announcements. Investors should ensure that they read the fallback
provisions applicable to their particular Notes and the related risk factors in light of this possibility. 
Reference Rate Event
A Reference Rate Event may arise if, among other things, any of the following circumstances occurs or will occur:
(1) a benchmark is materially changed or cancelled or its use is prohibited, or (2)(i) any authorisation, registration,
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in respect of the benchmark or the administrator or
sponsor of the benchmark is not obtained, is rejected or refused or is withdrawn or suspended, (ii) the benchmark
or the administrator or sponsor of the benchmark is not included in or is removed from an official register or does
not fulfil any required legal or regulatory requirement, (iii) there is an official announcement that the administrator
of the relevant benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide such Reference Rate and there is no successor
administrator, (iv) the relevant benchmark is no longer representative or, as of a future specified date, will no
longer be representative of any relevant underlying market and economic reality that it is intended to measure or
(v) any event which otherwise constitutes an "index cessation event".
For any Notes that use a Reference Rate and where ISDA Determination applies, the Priority Fallback following
a Reference Rate Event may refer to actions that would be taken for a Floating Rate under an interest rate swap
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions. Supplement 70 to the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the "ISDA IBOR 
Fallbacks Supplement") includes fallbacks which will replace any Floating Rate that is a Relevant IBOR in
circumstances broadly similar to a Reference Rate Event: in broad terms a permanent cessation of that Relevant
IBOR. The ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Supplement also includes fallbacks in the event that a Relevant IBOR is
temporarily unavailable. "Relevant IBORs" include EURIBOR, TIBOR, BBSW, CDOR, SOR, and THBFIX.
Once the relevant trigger event takes effect, the Floating Rate will fall back to a term adjusted risk-free rate for
the relevant currency plus a spread. It should be noted that the ISDA IBORs Fallbacks Supplement will not cover
all possible Floating Rates and this risk factor should be read accordingly. 
Potential investors in any Notes that reference a Reference Rate should be aware that if one of more Priority
Fallback(s) are specified in the definition of the relevant Floating Rate Option, then if a Reference Rate Cessation
has occurred, where ISDA Determination applies the fallbacks in the ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Supplement shall
apply, unless the Calculation Agent determines that (i) such application and/or any related adjustments would not
achieve a commercially reasonable result for either the Issuer or the Noteholders, or (ii) it would be impracticable
to apply the Priority Fallback(s) and/or to make any adjustments to the Conditions, in which case the alternative
fallback provisions set out in the Conditions shall apply. 
In the event that one particular tenor of a Relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued or, becomes non-
representative, then for so long as there is a longer and a shorter tenor still available, no trigger event will occur.
Instead, the Floating Rate will be determined by interpolating between the next shortest and next longest tenors.
If there are no shorter or no longer tenors available, then the rate will fall back to a term-adjusted risk-free rate
plus a spread. 
Any of these fallback provisions may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate
over time with, the payments that would have been made under the Notes if the previous rate had continued being
published in its current form. Whilst IBORs are forward-looking term rates that embed bank credit risk, risk-free
rates are overnight rates, in their term versions are normally compounded in arrear as backward-looking rates and
are intended to be nearly risk-free. As such, investors should be aware that the fallback rates that will apply
following a trigger event under the ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Supplement may behave materially differently as
interest reference rates for the Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
- 26 -
The absence of bank credit risk in the risk-free-rates may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. The
ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Supplement provides that the applicable risk-free-rates will be term-adjusted and there will
be an adjustment spread applied which may be positive, negative or zero. This is intended to reduce any transfer
of economic value due to the absence of a bank credit risk premium in the replacement risk-free-rate. However,
if such adjustment spread is negative, it will mean a lower rate of interest is payable. Even where such adjustment
spread is positive, there can be no assurance that the adjustment spread will fully mitigate the transfer of economic
value between the Issuer and Noteholders and the adjustment spread is not intended, or able, to replicate the
dynamic bank credit risk premium embedded in an IBOR. 
Following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event, where fallbacks based on the ISDA IBOR Fallbacks
Supplement do not apply, the Calculation Agent will seek to determine (i) a replacement reference rate and (ii)
the related adjustment spread required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any
transfer of economic value from the Issuer to the Noteholders (or vice versa) that would otherwise arise as a result
of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the replacement reference rate. If it determines the replacement
reference rate and related adjustment spread, it may also determine such other amendments which it considers
necessary or appropriate in order to replace the Reference Rate with the replacement reference rate and the terms
and conditions shall be amended as of the cut-off date, being (A) the later of the date on which the Reference Rate
ceases or becomes non-representative or 60 business days following the date of the relevant announcement or
publication or (B) the later of the Issue Date and either (I) 60 business days following the date on which the
Calculation Agent determines that the relevant event has occurred or (II) the date on which any material change
or prohibition of use of the Reference Rate becomes effective or the date following any non-approval, rejection
or suspension of any authorisation, registration or similar requirement on which the Issuer, the Calculation Agent
or any other entity would not be permitted to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes, as applicable. 
Any replacement reference rate shall be either a pre-nominated reference rate specified in the Applicable
Transaction Terms or, if no such rate is specified, either (a) a replacement reference rate which is formally
designated by a relevant central bank or other supervisory authority or the administrator of the Reference Rate or
(b) a replacement reference rate that the Calculation Agent determines has been recognised or acknowledged as
being the industry standard for derivative transactions which reference such Reference Rate, or (c) if the
Calculation Agent determines that there is no such rate, any other replacement reference rate which it determines
to be a commercially reasonable alternative. Any such replacement reference rate may be a "risk free rate". If the
Calculation Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to identify a replacement reference
rate and/or adjustment spread and related amendments or to make required amendments following a Benchmark
Modification or if it is or would be unlawful or contrary to any applicable licence for the Issuer or the Calculation
Agent to perform the relevant actions or an adjustment spread would subject the Issuer or Calculation Agent to
material additional regulatory obligations or any required adjustments would not achieve a commercially
reasonable result for the Issuer or the Noteholders, in each case, prior to the cut-off date, the Issuer shall early
redeem the Notes. 
Following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event but prior to the cut-off date, the Reference Rate may continue
to be used for the purposes of the Notes if it is still available and representative of the underlying market and
economic reality it is intended to measure and the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is permitted to
perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. Otherwise, the level of the Reference Rate will be determined by
the Calculation Agent either by reference to a previously published level or by reference to an industry standard
or other commercially reasonable rate, index or benchmark determined by the Calculation Agent. 
When making any amendments following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event, the Calculation Agent may
determine such amendments either (i) on the arithmetic mean of the applicable prices or middle market quotations
provided to it by two or more financial institutions engaged in the trading of the relevant underlying, (ii) in its
absolute and sole own discretion, or (iii) according to the determinations made by the calculation agent to any
Hedging Transactions. As described above, such amendments may include selecting one or more replacement
reference rates and making related amendments to the Notes, including the application of an adjustment spread
and, if applicable, amendments to reflect, among other things, increased costs. Such amendments may result in
payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been
made on the Notes if the original rate had continued to be published in its original form and used for the purposes
of the Notes. 
It is possible that a Reference Rate Event or details of it are announced significantly in advance of action being
appropriate in relation to the relevant Notes. The Issuer is only obliged to notify investors once it has determined
the action to be taken as a result of the relevant event.

--- Page 43 ---
- 27 -
In addition, investors in Notes linked to Reference Rates (including Reference Rate Linked Notes) should be
aware that: 

the composition and characteristics of any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or otherwise the
replacement reference rate will not be the same as those of the Reference Rate which it replaces, nor will
it be the economic equivalent of such Reference Rate, and there can be no assurance that it will perform
in the same way as such Reference Rate would have or that it will be a comparable substitute for such
Reference Rate. Therefore, the replacement of the Reference Rate with a pre-nominated replacement
reference rate or otherwise the replacement reference rate could adversely affect the value of the Notes,
the return on the Notes and the price at which a Noteholder would be able to sell such Notes;

the failure of any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or otherwise the replacement reference rate
to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the Notes; 

any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or otherwise the replacement reference rate may have a
very limited history and its future performance cannot be predicted based on historical performance; 

the secondary trading market for Notes linked to any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or
otherwise the replacement reference rate may be limited; and

the administrator of any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or otherwise the replacement
reference rate may discontinue such rate or make changes that could change its value and the
administrator has no obligation to consider any holder's interests in doing so. 
Consequently, potential investors in any Notes that reference a Reference Rate should be aware that the Reference
Rate may be replaced, or the Notes may be early redeemed, in each case, without the consent of Noteholders. 
IBOR-based swap rates 
Following a Reference Rate Cessation in respect of a Reference Rate that is an IBOR swap rate, the Calculation
Agent may be required to identify a Replacement Reference Rate that the Issuer determines has been recognised
or acknowledged as being an industry standard for transactions which reference such IBOR swap rate (or if there
is no industry standard that is appropriate in relation to the Notes, then the Calculation Agent shall select any other
interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source it determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative).
Potential investors should be aware that more than one possible replacement rate may exist and if so it is possible
the Calculation Agent may select the least favourable replacement rate. However, as of the date of this document,
there is currently no industry-wide approach for dealing with the discontinuance or non-representativeness of
IBOR swap rates across all currencies and a complete consensus does not exist as to what rate or rates may become
accepted replacements. It is impossible to predict the effect of any such replacements on the value of the Notes.
Additionally, even where administrators have published new swap rates linked to risk free rates, such as the GBP
SONIA ICE Swap Rate launched by the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited on 14 December 2020, there
can be no guarantee that such rates will be liquid or recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard,
and the method by which such new swap rates are calculated may change in the future. Consequently, the
outcomes of determinations by the Calculation Agent may be unpredictable and the exercise of discretion by the
Calculation Agent may adversely affect the market value of, and return (if any) on, the Notes. Further, there is no
assurance that the characteristics of any replacement rate will be similar to the relevant IBOR swap rate, or that
the replacement rate will produce the economic equivalent of the relevant IBOR swap rate.
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates
Where the Applicable Transaction Terms identifies that the Reference Rate will be determined by reference to
Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded Daily €STR, the Reference Rate will be
determined on the basis of a compounded daily rate unless Index Determination is specified as applicable.
Prospective investors in any Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR should be aware that the market continues
to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates in the capital markets and their adoption as
an alternative to GBP-LIBOR, USD-LIBOR, and, EONIA and EURIBOR respectively.
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA, SOFR or €STR that differs
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Notes referencing SONIA,

--- Page 44 ---
- 28 -
SOFR or €STR that are issued under the Programme. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Notes referencing
SONIA, SOFR or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous
SONIA, SOFR or €STR referenced Notes issued under the Programme. The nascent development of compounded
daily SONIA, SOFR and €STR as interest reference rates for the capital markets, as well as continued development
of SONIA, SOFR and €STR based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates,
could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA,
SOFR, or €STRreferenced Notes issued under the Programme from time to time. 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding  
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, as amended (the "Code") causes a 30% withholding tax on
amounts attributable to U.S. source dividends that are paid or "deemed paid" under certain financial instruments
if certain conditions are met (such instruments, "Specified Securities"). If the Issuer or any withholding agent
determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any
additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld.
For purposes of withholding under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, commonly known as FATCA,
Specified Securities are subject to a different grandfathering rule than other Notes.
The taking of any action under Law 11/2015 and its developing regulations could materially affect the value 
of any Notes. The liabilities of the Guarantor including the Guarantee may also be subject to loss absorption 
through their permanent write-down and/or conversion into equity
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (the "BRRD I"), as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC ("BRRD II" and
together with BRRD I, the "BRRD") as implemented in Spain through (i) Law 11/2015 (as amended by Royal
Decree-Law 11/2017, of 23 June, on urgent measures in financial matters (Real Decreto-ley 11/2017, de 23 de
junio, de medidas urgentes en materia financiera) ("RDL 11/2017") and by Royal Decree-Law 7/2021, of 27
April (“RDL 7/2021”) which has partially implemented BRRD II in Spain), (ii) Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 6
November, implementing Law 11/2015 (the "RD 1012/2015") and (iii) Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for
the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund (as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time, including
by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and the Council of 20 May 2019, the "SRM 
Regulation"), and its developing regulations, is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to
intervene sufficiently early and quickly in any relevant unsound or failing credit institution, investment firm,
financial institution or holding company (each a "relevant entity") so as to ensure the continuity of the relevant
entity critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a relevant entity's failure on the
economy and financial system. 
As provided in the BRRD and SRM Regulation, Law 11/2015 and its developing regulations contain four
resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the relevant authority (i.e. the
Fondo de Reestructuración Ordenada Bancaria ("FROB"), the Single Resolution Board ("SRB") or, as the case
may be and according to Law 11/2015, the Bank of Spain or the CNMV) or other entity with the authority to
exercise any such tools and powers from time to time (each, a "Relevant Resolution Authority"), as appropriate,
considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative
private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe and (c) a
resolution action is in the public interest.
These tools include the bail-in, by which the Relevant Resolution Authority may exercise the power to write down
(including to zero) and/or to convert into equity or other securities or obligations (which equity, securities and
obligations could also be subject to a future application of this bail-in) certain claims of unsecured creditors
(including the Noteholders (as beneficiaries of the Guarantee) and the Issuer) of a failing relevant entity (such as
the Guarantor) (the "general bail-in tool"). Any application of the general bail-in tool under the BRRD shall be
in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such
application on holders of Notes (as beneficiaries of the Guarantee) or the Issuer will depend on their ranking in
accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority given to other creditors such as depositors.

--- Page 45 ---
- 29 -
The exercise of the general bail-in tool and the exercise of any such powers may result in such Noteholders losing
some or all of their investment. Furthermore, the determination that all or part of the Guarantee of the principal
amount of any Notes or any liability of the Bank towards the Issuer will be subject to loss absorption is likely to
be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may also be outside of the institution's
control. This determination will be made by the institution's regulators and there may be many factors, including
factors not directly related to the institution, which could result in such a determination. 
As a result, the exercise of the abovementioned powers or any suggestion of such exercise could materially
adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of any Notes and/or the ability of the relevant Issuer
and the Guarantor to satisfy their respective obligations under any Notes and the Guarantees. 
To the extent any resulting treatment of holders of Notes pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-in tool is less
favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a holder has a
right to compensation under the BRRD based on an independent valuation of the relevant entity (which is referred
to as the "no creditor worse off safeguard" under the BRRD). Any such compensation is unlikely to compensate
that holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable delay in the recovery of
such compensation. Compensation payments (if any) are also likely to be made considerably later than when
amounts may otherwise have been due under the Notes. 
In addition, it is possible that the implementation and application of other amendments and relevant laws which
are currently being considered by the European Commission could have an impact upon any application of the
general bail-in tool by the Relevant Resolution Authority. In particular, the European Commission’s legislative
proposal published on 18 April 2023 to update the existing EU's bank crisis management and deposit insurance
("CMDI") framework, which includes proposals to amend, inter alia, the BRRD and the SRM Regulation and
sets out a general depositor preference. Since the application of the general bail-in tool by the Relevant Resolution
Authority is to be carried out in the order of the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings, following
any amendment of the Spanish insolvency laws to establish a general depositor preference in accordance with the
CMDI proposal, any resulting write-down or conversion of the senior preferred claims (such as those arising from
the Guarantee) by the Relevant Resolution Authority would be carried out before any write-down or conversion
of the claims of depositors such as those of large corporates that, with the current bail-in regime, would have been
written-down or converted alongside the senior preferred indebtedness. Therefore, the implementation of the
CMDI proposal may have the corresponding impact of increasing the likelihood of any write-down or conversion
of the senior preferred claims (including those arising from the Guarantee). Nevertheless, the exact impact of the
CMDI proposal is not know yet given it is still in the form of a legislative proposal and therefore subject to further
amendments. For more information please refer to section “Investment Considerations – Legal and Regulatory
Considerations” of this Base Prospectus. 
Noteholders may not be able to exercise their rights on an event of default in the event of the adoption of any 
early intervention or resolution measure under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation
The Guarantor and, indirectly, the Issuer may be subject to a procedure of early intervention or resolution pursuant
to the BRRD as implemented through Law 11/2015, RDL 7/2021 and RD 1012/2015, and the SRM Regulation if
the Guarantor or its group of consolidated credit entities is in breach (or due, among other things, to a rapidly
deteriorating financial condition, it is likely in the near future to be in breach) of applicable regulatory
requirements relating to solvency, liquidity, internal structure or internal controls or the conditions for resolution
referred to in "Risks related to the Spanish withholding tax regime". 
Pursuant to Law 11/2015, the adoption of any early intervention or resolution procedure shall not itself constitute
an event of default or entitle any counterparty of the Issuer or Guarantor to exercise any rights it may otherwise
have in respect thereof. Any provision providing for such rights shall further be deemed not to apply, although
this does not limit the ability of a counterparty to declare any event of default and exercise its rights accordingly
where an event of default arises either before or after the exercise of any such early intervention or resolution
procedure and does not necessarily relate to the exercise of any relevant measure or power which has been applied
pursuant to Law 11/2015. 
Any enforcement by a Noteholder of its rights under the Notes upon the occurrence of an Event of Default
following the adoption of any resolution procedure will be subject to the relevant provisions of the BRRD, as
implemented through Law 11/2015, RDL 7/2021 and RD 1012/2015, and the SRM Regulation in relation to the
exercise of the relevant measures and powers pursuant to such procedure, including the resolution tools and
powers referred to in "Risks related to the Spanish withholding tax regime".

--- Page 46 ---
- 30 -
Any claims on the occurrence of an Event of Default will consequently be limited by the application of any
measures pursuant to the provisions of Law 11/2015, RDL 7/2021 and RD 1012/2015, and the SRM Regulation.
The taking of any such action could adversely affect the rights of Noteholders and the price or value of their
investment in the Notes as well as the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor to satisfy its obligations under the
Notes or the Guarantee. The enforcement by a holder of any rights it may otherwise have on the occurrence of
any Event of Default may be limited in these circumstances. 
Prospective investors should refer to the "Investment Considerations" section and in particular the section entitled
"Legal and Regulatory Considerations" for more information on the BRRD and SRM Regulation.
Risks Relating to the Spanish Insolvency Law affecting the Guarantor 
The Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May, approving the consolidated text of the Insolvency Law (Real
Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal) (as
amended from time to time, the "Insolvency Law") establishes a single insolvency proceeding applicable to
Spanish debtors (whether incorporated or not) and various preinsolvency tools to try to restructure the debt.
Additionally, the Kingdom of Spain implemented the European Directive 2019/1023 of the European Parliament
and of the Council of 20 June 2019 on preventive restructuring framewoks, on discharge of debt and
disqualifications and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency
and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132, through Spanish Law 16/2022, of 5 September
(the "Insolvency Law Reform"). 
The new pre-insolvency instruments established by the Insolvency Law Reform are set out in the Second Book
of the Insolvency Law significantly the new restructuring plans. These pre-insolvency instruments replace the
refinancing agreements and enable the amendment of the conditions or the structure of the debtor’s assets and
liabilities, or its equity (among other things). The restructuring plans may also involve the transfer of assets,
transfer of business units or transfer of the whole company. The Insolvency Law provides, among other things,
that: (i) any claim may become subordinated if it is not reported to the insolvency administrators (administradores
concursales) within one month from the last official publication in the Spanish Official Gazette (Boletín Oficial
del Estado) of the court order declaring the insolvency, (ii) provisions in a contract granting one party the right to
terminate it by reason only of the other's insolvency may not be enforceable (despite this, the Insolvency Law
Reform instroduced the possibility for the restructuring plan to terminate agreements with bilateral/reciprocal
obligations when such actions is deemed necessary for the good of the restructuring plan or to avoid the insolvency
of the debtor), and (iii) interest (other than ordinary interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount
equal to the value of the asset subject to the security and the maximum secured liabilities under the relevant
security and provided that a contingent claim has been reported in due course to the insolvency administrator)
shall cease to accrue as from the date of the declaration of insolvency and any amount of interest accrued up to
such date (other than any interest accrued under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the lower of the value
of the asset subject to the security and the maximum secured liabilities under the relevant security) shall become
subordinated. 
Changes in taxes and other assessments may adversely affect the Group  
The legislatures and tax authorities in the tax jurisdictions in which the Group operates regularly enact reforms to
the tax and other assessment regimes to which the Group and its customers are subject. Such reforms include
changes in tax rates and, occasionally, the enactment of temporary taxes, the proceeds of which are earmarked for
designated governmental purposes. The effects of these changes and of any other changes that result from the
enactment of additional tax reforms cannot be quantified and there can be no assurance that any such reforms
would not have an adverse effect upon the Group’s business. 
For example, Law 38/2022, of 27 December entered into force on 29 December 2022 and, among others, sets out
a new temporary levy for credit institutions. This piece of legislation contemplates the creation of a temporary
levy applicable to credit institutions operating in Spain with a total interest and commission income in the year
ended 31 December 2019 equal to or greater than EUR 800 million (on an individual or a consolidated basis).
This bank levy applied during the years 2023 and 2024 and taxed, at a rate of 4.80%, the sum of the net interest
income and commission income and expenses derived from the activity carried out in Spain. Amounts payable
for this levy would not be tax deductible in the taxable base for the purposes of the Corporate Income Tax
("Corporate Income Tax" or "CIT"). Moreover, Law 38/2022 expressly prohibits the direct or indirect pass-
through of payments under the levy and failure to comply with this obligation would result in sanctions to the
corresponding credit institution in the amount of 150% of the amount passed through. The bank levy had an impact

--- Page 47 ---
- 31 -
on the Group in the year 2024 of EUR 95 million. In addition, on 28 December 2023, Royal Decree-law 8/2023,
of 27 December, for the adoption of measures to address the economic and social consequences of the conflicts
in Ukraine and the Middle East, as well as to mitigate the effects of drought was published on the Spanish Official
Gazette (Boletín Oficial del Estado). Pursuant to this new piece of legislation the temporary levy on banks is
extended to the year 2024 and its Additional Provision 5.1 contemplates the potential integration of this levy as a
permanent tax within the Spanish tax system in 2024. On 21 December 2024, Law 7/2024, of December 20,
establishing a Complementary Tax to ensure a global minimum level of taxation for multinational groups and
large national groups, a Tax on the margin of interests and commissions of certain financial entities, and a Tax on
liquids for electronic cigarettes and other related tobacco products, and amending other tax regulations, was
published in the Spanish Official Gazette (Boletín Oficial del Estado). This Law creates a new tax on the net
interest income and commissions of certain credit institutions in Spain, including Bankinter. The taxable base of
this new tax would be the positive balance of net interest income, and the net commissions derived from the
activity carried out in Spain, reduced by EUR 100 million. The net taxable base cannot be negative, and the
applicable tax rate might vary from 1% to 7%. This Law provides certain reductions and deductions from the tax.
The new tax would apply for the first three consecutive tax periods starting on or after 1 January 2024. The Group
expects that the impact of this new tax in 2025 will be lower than the impact of the temporary levy in 2024.
Risks Relating to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Group  
Risk that funds lent by the Issuer to Group companies are not repaid 
The Issuer is a finance vehicle established by the Guarantor for the purpose of issuing debt securities and other
financial instruments and on-lending the proceeds to the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries (the "Group" 
and references to "we", "us" or "our" should be construed as references to the Group). The Issuer is therefore
dependent upon other members of the Group paying interest on and repaying their loans in a timely fashion.
Should any Group member fail to pay interest on or repay any loan in a timely fashion this could have a material
adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme which
could have an adverse impact on the rights of Noteholders and the return on their investment. 
The Issuer was incorporated on 22 December 2021 under the laws of Luxembourg, including the law of 10 August
1915 on commercial companies as amended from time to time (the "Companies Act"). 
The Issuer is dependent on its parent company, Bankinter, S.A, in the conduct of its business, in particular due to: 
1)
The structure of the transactions carried out by the Issuer which requires: 

the guarantee of Bankinter, S.A.; 

the subscription of securities issued by Bankinter International Notes S.à r.l. by Bankinter, S.A.; 

the deposit of funds raised Bankinter International Notes S.à r.l.; 

and the coverage of market risks of Bankinter International Notes S.à r.l. by Bankinter, S.A. 
2)
The strong financial exposure of Bankinter International Notes S.à r.l. to Bankinter, S.A. 
The Issuer's Resolution Risk 
The Issuer could suffer losses if a resolution procedure were to be initiated or if the Group's financial situation
were to deteriorate significantly. 
The European banking crisis resolution framework has introduced a mechanism for the prevention and resolution
of banking crises and has given the European resolution authorities, including the SRB, very extensive powers to
take any measure necessary for the resolution of all or part of a credit institution or the group to which it belongs.
Such procedures are initiated when the Relevant Resolution Authority (as the case may be, the FROB or the SRB)
considers that: 

the failure of the institution or group to which it belongs is proven or foreseeable,

--- Page 48 ---
- 32 -

there is no reasonable prospect that any other measure will prevent the default within a reasonable time, 

a winding-up procedure would be inadequate to preserve financial stability.
If the Relevant Resolution Authority considers that the single entry point strategy is the most appropriate for the
Group, the Guarantor in its capacity as the central body and parent company of its subsidiaries, would be the
single entry point in the event that the Group were to be wound up. Whenever the Group’s failure is proven or
foreseeable and there is no reasonable prospect that another measure would prevent such failure within a
reasonable period of time and/or the Group's situation requires exceptional financial support from the public
authorities, the Relevant Resolution Authority must, before initiating a resolution procedure or if recourse to it is
necessary to preserve the Group's viability, reduce the nominal value of the equity instruments (i.e. equity
securities, additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital) issued by the institutions concerned or convert these equity
instruments (excluding equity securities) into equity securities or other instruments, after reduction of reserves. 
If necessary, the Relevant Resolution Authority could go further and decide to implement the internal bail-in
facility on the remaining equity instruments (i.e. decide on the total or partial depreciation of their nominal value
or their conversion into equity securities or other instruments) as well as on eligible commitments issued by the
institutions concerned from the most junior to the most senior level, excluding certain limited categories of
liabilities, in accordance with the terms and conditions provided for by law and the applicable contractual
provisions. 
In the event of implementation of a bank resolution procedure at the Group level, the guarantee provided by the
Guarantor to the Issuer could be subject to such an internal bail-in and no longer cover all or part of the
commitments of the Issuer. 
The Relevant Resolution Authority may also implement other resolution measures, in particular: the total or partial
sale of the business of a relevant institution to a third party or a bridge institution, the separation of the assets of
that institution and the modification of the terms and conditions of the financial instruments issued by that
institution (including the modification of their maturity, the amount of interest payable and/or a temporary
suspension of any payment obligation under such instruments). 
Risks derived from the macroeconomic environment  
The deterioration in the geopolitical and macroeconomic environment could have a material adverse effect on the
business of the Group. A strong and persistent deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook and a consequent
increase in risk aversion by participants in the financial markets could adversely affect the Group's business. This
type of shock could, for example, be the result of global geopolitical events, domestic political factors (such as
territorial tensions, populist governments or social protests), an intense outbreak of any pandemic, or the
emergence of geopolitical tensions (such as the ongoing armed conflicts in Ukraine or in the Middle East). The
potential consequences of such a scenario include: an increase in the country risk premium (cost of financing),
pressure on costs (due to inflation), a reduction in business volumes or a worsening of credit quality and deposit
outflows. 
The Group is particularly exposed to fluctuations in the macroeconomic situation in the Spanish, Portuguese and
other European Union ("EU") markets, including the impact of the recent rises in inflation and interest rates.
In particular, the rise of energy prices caused by the war in Ukraine worsened the inflationary situation after the
withdrawal of the restrictions imposed to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and pushed central
banks to raise interest rates. Despite the actions adopted by central banks and other authorities, the annual inflation
rate in the Eurozone reached an all-time high of 11.1% in November 2022, dropping to 2.8% in January 2024
(source: Eurostat). In Spain, the annual inflation rate (harmonised index of consumer prices) reached 5.6% in
December 2022 (source: Eurostat), driven primarily by increases in the prices of processed foods, dropping to
3.3% in December 2023 (source: Eurostat). The ECB estimates that the annual inflation rate will not reach its
2.0% target until 2025 and to curb inflation, the ECB has raised interest rates, with a cumulative rise of 4.5
percentage points since July 2022, bringing the deposit facility interest rate up to 4.00% in September 2023.
However, since June 2024 the ECB has lowered interest rates by 1.25 percentage points, decreasing the deposit
facility interest rate to a 2.25% in February 2025.The ECB’s former monetary policy response has increased the
financial burden borne by households, self-employed workers, small and medium enterprises, and large companies
and may affect the purchasing power and creditworthiness of our borrowers and other counterparties, which may,
in turn, affect their ability to honor their commitments to us.

--- Page 49 ---
- 33 -
Risk of a deterioration in economic activity, as well as other economic, political and financial factors  
In order to overcome the consequences caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, protecting the productive fabric and
employment, governments implemented a set of extraordinary measures that, among other things, promoted the
deployment of certain aid instruments in the form of both legislative and non-legislative moratoriums and publicly
guaranteed liquidity lines. 
As for the moratoriums, more than four years after the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, it has proven to be an
effective instrument and, in fact, the portfolio that received this type of aid is not currently subject to reinforced
monitoring, taking into account that the operations returned to their normal amortization schedule in 2021.
On the other hand, public-guaranteed liquidity lines, although as a whole are reducing their exposure, should
continue to be monitored, also because they have continued to be used in the context of the war in Ukraine, albeit
to a much more limited extent. 
The outstanding portfolio in December 2024 of publicly guaranteed instruments granted as a result of the health
crisis amounted to EUR 2,766 million. This amount, which represents 3.1% of the Group’s eligible exposure,
includes both loans guaranteed by the Instituto de Crédito Oficial (ICO), Compañía Española de Seguros de
Crédito a la Exportación (CESCE) or the European Investment Fund (the latter two with a marginal weight), as
well as those guaranteed by the Portuguese Mutual Guarantee Companies in coordination with the government of
Portugal. They all share similar characteristics and the same purpose.
The non-performing loan ratio for this portfolio stood at 12.4%, with an increase between 31 December 2023 and
31 December 2024 of 4 percentage points, which are attributable to the denominator effect given that the portfolio
shrunk by 32% in this period. This amount is supplemented by EUR 1.336 million (also at the end of December
2024) in the form of new ICO Ukraine lines, the granting of which began in the fourth quarter of 2022 under
Royal Decree-Law 6/2022, of March 29, which introduces new lines of guarantees and financing with public
guarantees, equivalent to those deployed during the COVID-19 pandemic, aimed at companies and self-employed
workers who had been affected by the economic effects of the war and with a broad scope, excluding only the
financial and insurance sectors. This is therefore a relatively recent portfolio, with cumulative growth in 2024 of
34% and a percentage of doubtful loans in December 2024 of 1.6% and 4.4% of exposure in phase 2.
Note that the deadline for granting new guarantees expired on 30 June 2024, with the exception of operations with
companies in the fishing, aquaculture and agriculture sectors, which ended on 1 December 2024. This means that
exposure on ICO lines in Ukraine has started to decrease in the third quarter of 2024 by 4.5%. 
One of the effects of the third-round effects1 of the Ukraine war was the rapid and sharp rise in interest rates in
response to rising prices, which in turn led to a loss of purchasing power. This accumulation of impacts could
leave families with mortgage debts and low incomes in a particularly vulnerable situation and for this reason
various measures were adopted. Specifically, in Spain, several laws were passed or amended, such as Royal
Decree-Law 19/2022, of 22 November, establishing a code of good practices to alleviate the rise in interest rates
on mortgage loans on primary residences or Royal Decree-Law 6/2012, of 9 March, on urgent measures to protect
mortgage debtors without resources, together with other structural measures to improve the mortgage loan market.
Considering that the Group’s mortgage production in recent years has been mostly at a fixed interest rate, we did
not expect the application of these measures, to which the Bank has adhered, to have a significant impact on the
Group’s results.
After a year of great uncertainty in 2022 on economic recovery in a post-pandemic context due to the effects of
the third round of the war in Ukraine, risks to activity were significantly reduced, especially with regard to the
Spanish economy, which was surprisingly favourable in 2024 due to its momentum. This has been reflected in the
macroeconomic forecasts published by various organisations and, in particular, those of the ECB and the country-
1
According to the terminology of the ECB, three types of effects can be distinguished: (i) first-round effects, concerning exposures 
whose counterpart resides in one of the countries in conflict; (ii) second-round effects, concerning exposures with counterparts that 
have investments or commercial dependencies in Russia, Belarus, or Ukraine; and finally, (iii) third-round effects, concerning the 
spread of effects associated with the increase in energy, food, and raw materials throughout the economy.

--- Page 50 ---
- 34 -
specific forecasts issued by central banks, which are consistent with the former2. The latest ones presented by the
Bank of Spain in September 2024 are summarised in the following table:
Forecasts as of September 2024(*)
Annual rate of change (%), unless otherwise indicated
2023
2024
2025
2026
GDP
2.5
2.8
2.2
1,9
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP)
3.5
2.9
2.2
1,8
Unemployment rate (% of active population) Annual
average
12.2
11.5
11.0
10,7
(*)Source: Bank of Spain: Macroeconomic projections for the Spanish economy 2024-2026. September 2024 
Regarding production, the growth forecast published by the Bank of Spain in December 2023 stood at 1.6% for
2024 and has been revised upwards in the updates for March, June and September, reaching 2.8%. Nevertheless,
until June 2024, the Bank of Spain was cautious in its projections for the years 2025 and 2026, keeping them
stable so as to anticipate a gradual convergence towards the potential growth rate of the economy, which it
estimated at 1.6%. In September 2024, these projections were revised upwards by 0.3% and 0.2% for 2025 and
2026, respectively.
Another aspect worth highlighting is a certain downward correction of the inflation forecast for 2024 compared
to the one offered in December 2023, although this adjustment was greater in the forecasts for March 2024, which
was partially corrected by the inflationary pressures introduced by the significant momentum of tourist activity.
In any case, the inflation forecast for 2024 of 4.3% published in September 2023 is still quite a way off. As for
the unemployment rate, it was corrected downwards for the following years, alongside greater activity and with
job creation being maintained throughout the forecast period. Being the unemployment rate a key indicator for
determining expected loss on individuals’ loan portfolios. 
This context of economic growth was accompanied by a relaxation of monetary policy, which led to a rapid
downward correction of the EURIBOR. In this regard, it should be noted that a scenario of greater economic
slowdown weakened the cash flow of companies and the disposable income of individuals, potentially
compromising their payment capacity and, consequently, increasing non-performing loans and the cost of risk.
However, these risks are trending downwards in the current situation. 
However, the Bank of Spain recognises significant sources of uncertainty, including strong geopolitical tensions
and sharp corrections in financial markets. However, uncertainty about the price containment process has become
more moderate compared to the one in 2023, although it cannot yet be assumed that new inflationary tensions will
not reoccur. 
On the other hand, on 29 October 2024, a natural disaster affected the Valencia region (“DANA”) in Spain causing
catastrophic consequences in the region. This disaster put us even more on alert about the potential capacity of
climate change to cause radical and irreversible damage and not necessarily in the very long term. It is worth
noting that in Spain there are instruments to pool the damages associated with natural disasters, considering their
high uncertainty and the severity of their effects and this has been demonstrated with the recent publication of
Royal Decree-Law 6/2024, of 5 November, which adopts urgent response measures to the damages caused by the
DANA in different municipalities between 28 October and 4 November 2024.
The Group’s business depends primarily on the Spanish economy, so any adverse change in the economy or 
an unfavourable economic event could adversely affect the Guarantor 
The Group operates mainly in Spain, except in the case of the subsidiary Bankinter Luxembourg S.A., the
Bankinter branch in Portugal and since 1 June 2019 in Ireland, through the acquisition of 100% of the share capital
of Evo Banco S.A.U. ("EVO Banco") and consequently of its consumer subsidiary in Ireland, Avantcard D.A.C.
2
Following the recommendation of the ECB, Bankinter has been taking the quarterly forecasts published by the ECB for the 
European Union and the country-specific forecasts issued by the central banks, consistent with the former, as its benchmark since 
the start of the health crisis. The Bank of Spain updates its forecasts on a quarterly basis.

--- Page 51 ---
- 35 -
(“Avantcard”). Bankinter Consumer Finance, E.F.C., S.A. (“Bankinter Consumer Finance”) is the parent
company of AvantCard after the acquisition of the entirety of its share capital.
At the end of the financial year 2024, the gross profit before taxes, on a consolidated basis, was as follows:
Figures at 31 December 2024(*)
Gross profit or loss (in millions of euros)
Spain
1,111,030
Luxembourg
12.,694
Portugal
195,238
Ireland
40,737
Total
1,359.699
(*) Source: Information retrieved from the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor for the three-months
period ended 31 December 2024. 
The current macroeconomic climate is characterised by the presence of inflationary pressures, the Russo-
Ukrainian and Middled East conflicts and central banks' interventions. Its consequences materialised as: (i)
downward revision of economic growth and (ii) sustained rise in inflation, caused largely by an increase in gas,
oil and commodity prices. Central bank interventions occurred one after another during the period.
Notwithstanding the above, the third quarter of 2024 marked a change of direction in the monetary policy of the
main central banks. With a few exceptions such as Brazil, Turkey and Japan, global interest rates entered a clear
downward trajectory. The U.S. Federal Reserve (“FED”) has cut its funds rate by 100 basis points since
September 2024 to 4.25% and 4.75%. In the Eurozone, the ECB has lowered its reference rates by 75 basis points
since September 2024. Consequently, the interest rates applicable to the deposit facility, main refinancing
operations, and the marginal lending facility decreased to 2.75%, 2.90%, and 3.15%, respectively, with effect
from 5 February 2025. 
However, regardless of the current scenario of interest rate cuts and in view of the possible change to a scenario
of high inflation and an increase in interest rates in 2025, the Group could be affected as a result of the increase
in financing costs, and it could also see itself impacted in terms of the market valuation adjustments in the positions
held in financial assets due to losses due to the rise in interest rates. Additionally, the increase in financing costs,
inflation and a macroeconomic deterioration can increase the difficulties of companies and families in meeting
debt service, especially in the sectors most affected by the increase in energy prices or in those in which the
recovery after the COVID-19 pandemic was slower or happening later, which may lead to an increase in non-
performing loans. 
As of 31 December 2024, the return on equity (ROE) was 17.88%, compared to 17.10% as of 31 December 2023. 
Despite the positive performance of the the Group in Spain in the first nine months of 2024, a change or
deterioration in the economic environment in which the Group operates could adversely affect the Group's
business, financial situation and results. 
Credit risk 
In relation to credit risk, the deterioration of the creditworthiness in a context of economic slowdown could lead
to an increase in delinquency and, consequently, higher losses due to insolvencies and costs associated with the
management of problematic real estate assets, with a negative impact on the Group's business, financial condition
and results of operations. 
Credit risk is defined as the possibility of losses arising from the failure of the Group's customers and
counterparties to meet their payment obligations in the agreed time and form, as well as losses in value due simply
to an impairment in their credit rating. These obligations arise both in the Group's retail financial activities and
wholesale trading activities and relations and include loans, fixed-income instruments, and also from arranging
derivative hedging instruments. 
The economic slowdown can undermine both corporate cash flow and the disposable income of individuals,
compromising their ability to pay. For this reason, an increase in non-performing loan rates and the cost of risk is
possible during 2025, potentially adversely affecting the Group's business, financial situation, and results.
Bankinter's eligible exposures (which is defined as the drawn down credit risk plus secured loan risk) amounted

--- Page 52 ---
- 36 -
to EUR 85,922 million as at 31 December 2023, and loans and receivables to EUR 76,885 million, which meant
that customer lending grew by 3.56% in 2023 and eligible exposure grew by 4.24%.
As at 31 December 2024, Bankinter's eligible exposure amounted to EUR 89,204 million, and loans and
receivables to EUR 80,097 million, which meant that customer lending grew 4.18% and the eligible exposure
grew by 3.82% with respect to year ended on 31 December 2023.
Non-performing loans and foreclosed assets 
The NPL ratio closed the 2023 financial year at 2.11% for the Group, i.e. 1 basis points less than the previous
year; while the NPL coverage ratio at the end of the 2023 financial year was 64.69%. The Group’s NPL ratio in
Spain at 2023 year-end was 2.39%, 67% of the average NPL ratio for the sector (3.54% according to data from
the Bank of Spain as at December 2023). The NPL ratio at the end of 2024 for the Group was 2.11% and the NPL
coverage ratio was 68.84%. 
In terms of amounts, as of 31 December 2023, the total doubtful exposures stood at EUR 1,813 million, up EUR
78 million (+4.51%) from the year before, when they amounted to EUR 1,735 million. At the end of 2024, the
doubtful exposure was EUR 1,884 million with an increase of EUR 71 million (+3.92%) over the previous year.
In 2023, there were net additions of EUR 341 million in NPLs and write-offs of EUR 263 million, resulting in a
year-end balance of EUR 1,813 million. In 2024, there were net additions of EUR 262 million in NPLs and write-
offs of EUR 191 million, resulting in a final balance of EUR 1,884 million. 
Underperforming loans at the end of 2023 amounted to EUR 2,732 million (a reduction of EUR 119 million,
4.17%, from the end of the previous year, EUR 2,851 million). At the end of 2024, amounted to EUR 2,621
million (reduced by EUR 111 million, 4.06% less, from the end of the previous year). 
The volume of foreclosed assets as of 31 December 2024 amounted to EUR 61 million (EUR 20 million, net of
provisions), which represents 0.07% of eligible exposure, having fallen by EUR 24 million gross (EUR 11 million
net) compared with the previous year. The coverage ratio of foreclosed assets at year-end 2024 was 66.91%
(63.89% at the end of 2023). At the end of 2023, problematic assets represented 2.21% of total eligible exposures
with a coverage ratio of 51.25%. At the end of 2024, these figures were 2.18% and 56.69%, respectively.
Developer credit risk 
At the end of December 2023, financing for construction and real estate development (including land) amounted
to EUR 367 million, of which EUR 3.3 million were doubtful debt, representing an NPL ratio for the development
business of 0.90%. As of 31 December 2024, these figures were EUR 408 million, EUR 1.7 million and 0.42%,
respectively.
Refinancing and restructuring 
The credit risk refinancing and restructuring portfolio at the end of 2023 amounted to EUR 761 million with any
modification to credit risk conditions due to the borrower's payment difficulties being considered refinancing.
This represented 0.89% of the eligible exposure. 26% of the total refinanced portfolio (EUR 199 million) was
considered non-performing. As of 31 December 2024, this portfolio amounted to EUR 746 million, of which EUR
219 million were doubtful. 
Structural interest rate risk 
Structural interest risk is defined as the Group's exposure to changes in market interest rates arising from timing
mismatches and depreciation in global balance sheet items.
The way interest rates behave is affected by numerous factors beyond the control of the Group, such as the
regulation of the financial sector in the markets in which it operates, the monetary policies developed by the ECB,
and the Spanish and international political and economic situation. This risk is inherent in any retail and

--- Page 53 ---
- 37 -
commercial banking business, which can be exacerbated by other factors such as excessive reliance on a single
source of funding, changes in credit ratings, or global market phenomena. 
Net interest income represented 78.52% and 83.20% of gross operating income as of 31 December 2024 and 31
December 2023, respectively. 
The main metrics used by Bankinter to manage and control the interest rate risk profile approved by the Board of
Directors are specified below:
i) Sensitivity of net interest income3
Under management assumptions, the exposure to interest rate risk of Bankinter's net interest income in the face
of parallel shifts of 100 basis points in market interest rates was, as at 31 December 2023, 4.3% of the 12-month
base financial margin in the negative scenario and 3.6% in the positive scenario. As of 31 December 2024, these
figures were 3.5% in the negative scenario and 2.7% in the positive scenario.
ii) Sensitivity of economic value4
This measurement complements the previous one and is calculated monthly. It allows Bankinter to quantify the
exposure of its economic value to interest rate risk, and it is obtained as the difference between the net present
value of the items sensitive to the interest rates calculated using the interest rate curves in different scenarios and
the curve quoted in the market at each analysis date. 
The sensitivity of the economic value to a parallel shifts of +/-100 basis points, based on management assumptions,
was 1.7% in the negative scenario and 1.4% in the positive scenario for own funds, as at 31 December 2023. As
of 31 December 2024, these figures were 2.7% in the negative scenario and 2.5% in the positive scenario for own
funds.
The group is exposed to stringent and demanding capital, resolution and regulatory standards in general, and 
may be adversely affected by new requirements arising from them.  
The Guarantor, and thus the Issuer, is subject to a broad regulatory and supervisory framework regarding its capital
adequacy, the complexity of which has increased significantly since the previous financial crisis. Increasingly
onerous capital requirements are one of the Bank's main regulatory challenges. Increasing capital requirements
may adversely affect the Bank's profitability and create regulatory risks associated with the possibility of not being
able to maintain required capital levels. 
The Bank, as a Spanish credit institution, is subject to a "Pillar 1" capital adequacy requirement, a "Pillar 2" 
capital adequacy requirement and a combined capital buffer requirement, at the consolidated level. 
In December 2024, the ECB informed Bankinter of the minimum capital requirements that the Bank had to meet
in 2025 based on the result of the annual supervisory review and evaluation process ("SREP").
The SREP requirement at the consolidated level requires the Group to maintain a minimum Common Equity Tier
I ("CET1") ratio of 7.81% of risk-weighted assets ("RWAs") in 2025 (7.802% in 2024) and a minimum Total
Capital ratio of 11.88% of RWAs (11.91% in 2024). The CET1 requirement consists of a minimum CET1 ratio
required by Pillar 1 of 4.50%, the Pillar 2 requirement ("P2R"), the capital conservation buffer of 2.50% and the
countercyclical capital buffer of the exposures that the Bank holds in Ireland (0.08%, estimated based on
exposures at the end of September 2024). These minimum ratios include a P2R capital requirement of 1.30%
(0.731% is covered by CET1). At the end of 2024 and 2023, the Group had a CET1 ratio of 12.41% and 12.30%,
respectively, and a capital ratio of 16.27% and 16.09%, respectively, substantially above the minimum
requirements. 
3
The sensitivity of net interest income is obtained as the difference between the net interest income projected with the market curves 
at each analysis date and the net interest income projected with the interest rate curves altered in different scenarios, of both parallel 
movements of interest rates and changes in the slope of the curve. 
4
This measurement complements the previous one and is calculated on a monthly basis. It allows the Guarantor to quantify the 
exposure of its economic value to interest rate risk, and it is obtained as the difference between the net present value of the items 
sensitive to the interest rates calculated using the interest rate curves in different scenarios and the curve quoted in the market at 
each analysis date.

--- Page 54 ---
- 38 -
In addition, on 16 May 2024, the Bank of Spain announced its intention to increase the countercyclical capital
buffer applicable to credit exposures in Spain to 1% in two stages: (i) from the fourth quarter of 2024, it is expected
to be set at 0.5% (applicable in the fourth quarter of 2025); and (ii) from the fourth quarter of 2025, it is expected
to be raised 0.5 pp to be set at 1% (applicable in the fourth quarter of 2026). Following this announcement, on 1
October 2024, the Bank of Spain established the countercyclical capital buffer applicable to credit exposures in
Spain at 0.5% for the fourth quarter of 2024. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Bank of Spain may change or
reverse the planned actions for circumstances that as of the date of this Prospectus are uncertain and are beyond
the Bank’s control. The increase in the countercyclical capital buffer contemplated by the Bank of Spain would
increase the applicable capital requirements of the Bank. Some or all of the other buffers may also apply to the
Bank from time to time as determined by the Bank of Spain, the ECB or any other competent authority. 
Separately, effective from 1 October 2024, the Bank of Spain has granted reciprocity to a macroprudential measure
adopted by the Bank of Portugal, pursuant to which the Group will be required to comply with a systemic risk
buffer requirement of 4% for exposures in the Portuguese residential real estate sector. 
While these ratios currently exceed the applicable regulatory requirements described above, there can be no
assurance that the total capital requirements imposed on the Bank from time to time will not exceed the levels of
capital available at any particular time. There can also be no assurance as to the outcome of any future SREP
conducted by the ECB or whether it will impose additional "Pillar 2" capital requirements on the Bank.
An increase in capital requirements could adversely affect the Group's return on equity and other financial
performance indicators, while the Group's failure to meet its capital requirements could have a material adverse
effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In 2023, the European Banking Authority ("EBA") carried out its stress tests on the European Union's main
banks, including Bankinter. The economic scenario outlined covered a time horizon of three years (2023-2025).
The final results, which were made public at the end of July 2023 and are determined in terms of CET1, are used
by the ECB as an additional variable to determine the minimum capital requirements for institutions in its SREP
exercise. Bankinter was awarded, once again, the best rating of Spanish banks in these stress tests and one of the
best ratings of all European banks assessed.
In addition to the requirements described above, the Bank, as a Spanish credit institution, must maintain a
minimum level of own funds and eligible liabilities (the "MREL"). 
At the end of December 2024, the Bank of Spain communicated to Bankinter the decision that the Single
Resolution Board, in its capacity as resolution authority of the Group, took regarding the determination of the
MREL requirement on a consolidated basis for Bankinter, S.A. This decision set a binding MREL requirement,
which had to be met from the moment of the communication, at a consolidated level of 20.31% of Bankinter’s
total risk exposure amount ("TREA"), and 6.39% of Bankinter’s leverage ratio exposure ("LRE"). Additionally,
subordinated instruments must be used to comply with the MREL equivalent to 15.80% of TREA and 6.39% of
LRE.
Moreover, the Bank’s own funds used to meet the requirements of the combined buffer will not be eligible to meet
the MREL requirement and the TREA subordination requirements. Therefore, as of the end of December 2024,
the total MREL requirement plus the combined buffer at a consolidated level will be 22.89% of TREA and 6.39%
of LRE. 
As of 31 December 2023, Bankinter already complied with the previously described requirements, with its own
funds and eligible liabilities structure representing 22.64% of RWAs and 7.88% of the exposure for leverage
purposes. 
However, own funds and eligible liabilities available for MREL purposes are subject to interpretation and change
and there can be no assurance that the Bank's interpretation is correct or that the Bank will not be subject to more
stringent requirements at any time in the future. Nor can there be any assurance that the Bank will be able to meet
any requirements that may be imposed on them in the future, even if they are less than or equal to those currently
in effect. There can also be no assurance that the Bank will be able to meet any capital target announced to the
market at any given time, which could be adversely perceived by investors and/or supervisors and could adversely
affect the value or market performance of any securities issued by the Bank (of any of its eligible liabilities and
capital instruments) and, consequently, lead to the imposition of further "Pillar 2" recommendations or
requirements or even (if the Relevant Resolution Authority understood that there could be obstacles to the Bank's

--- Page 55 ---
- 39 -
and/or the Group's resolution) MREL. It is also possible that the Group may report figures that differ from
consensus estimates, which could also affect the Group's image in the market. 
If the Bank were unable to meet its combined capital buffer requirement' it would have to calculate its Maximum
Distributable Amount ("MDA"), and until such calculation is made and communicated to the Bank of Spain, the
affected entity would not be able to make discretionary payments. Once the MDA is calculated and reported, such
discretionary payments would be limited to the calculated MDA. In addition, the Bank's failure to meet its
applicable capital requirements could result in the imposition of additional "Pillar 2" requirements. With respect
to MREL, the Bank's failure to meet its combined capital buffer requirement for these purposes, considered
together with its MREL requirement, could result in the imposition of restrictions or prohibitions on discretionary
payments. In addition, failure to meet capital requirements could result in early intervention measures or,
ultimately, resolution action by resolution authorities.
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 ("CRR II") establishes
a binding leverage ratio requirement, effective from 28 June 2021, of 3% Tier 1 capital (as of 31 December 2024
and 31 December 2023, the Group had a leverage ratio of 5.03% and 4.97%, respectively). Failure to meet this
leverage ratio would also require calculation and reporting of the MDA and would result in restrictions on
discretionary payments.
Additionally, the implementation of the ECB's expectations on prudential provisioning for non-performing
exposures (published on 15 May 2018) and the ECB's review of the internal models used by banks subject to its
supervision to calculate their RWAs could result, respectively, in the need to increase provisions for future
impaired loans and increase the Group's capital needs.
Further, the implementation of the Basel III reforms could lead to an increase in the Bank's total RWAs and,
therefore, also to a decrease in the Bank's capital ratios. Also, the lack of uniformity in the adoption of Basel III
reforms across jurisdictions in terms of timing and applicable rules could lead to inequalities and distortions in
competitors.
As mentioned before, although Bankinter complies with the required levels of capital adequacy and own funds
described above, there is no guarantee that the implementation of new capital requirements, standards or current
recommendations would not require Bankinter to adopt additional measures that could have a potentially negative
impact on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is associated with the Group's (and therefore the Issuer's) ability to meet the payment obligations it
acquires and to fund its investment lending business.
Bankinter's liquidity management includes the monitoring of regulatory ratios, both short-term, the liquidity
coverage ratio ("LCR"), and long-term, the net stable funding ratio ("NSFR"). Both ratios are also included in
the liquidity metrics of the Risk Appetite Framework ("RAF").
During 2024, Bankinter's liquidity position has remained high driven by the trend in the customer funding gap,
i.e. the difference between customer loans and deposits, with customer deposits growing higher than customer
loans. This stable situation has made it possible to maintain LCR levels comfortably above both internal RAF and
regulatory limits. 
Since 2020, customer funds have exceeded lending. As at 31 December 2024, the difference was - EUR 3.706
million, with a total of EUR 79.349 million of lending, compared to EUR 83.054 million of retail funds (EUR
75.759 million of lending as at 31 December 2023 with EUR 79.641 million of retail funds). At 31 December
2024, the customer funding gap for Bankinter changed by EUR 175.551 thousands since the end of December
2023, i.e. the difference between typical retail customer funds and lending has widened, with the figure for
customer funds remaining higher than lending.
Regarding wholesale funding, there were no pending maturities in 2024 while in 2025, EUR 1,000 million of
senior debt is scheduled to mature in February. Throughout 2024, Bankinter has been returning the TLTROs
(targeted longer-term refinancing operations) that were maturing, maintaining a comfortable liquidity position.
Through the TLTROs, the ECB offers longer-term loans at favourable costs to banks and encourages lending to

--- Page 56 ---
- 40 -
businesses and consumers in the euro area (as at 31 December 2024 the amount taken in TLTRO operations by
Bankinter is zero, while at the end of 2023 it was EUR 1,294 million).
As at 31 December 2024, Bankinter had almost EUR 21,260 million in LCR -HQLA (high quality liquid assets
eligible for LCR according to the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10 October 2014
supplementing Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the liquidity
coverage requirement applicable to credit institutions), divided into cash and accounts in central banks (EUR
11,546 million), fixed income issued by treasuries and public administrations (EUR 7,075 million), high-quality
mortgage bonds (EUR 2,425 million), HQLA assets other than level 1 (EUR 212 million) (amounts at liquidity
value according to LCR regulations). The central bank facility, net of HQLA, contained EUR 8,214 million. In
addition, the covered bond issuing capacity as at 31 December 2024 was of EUR 7,618 million.
The LCR aims to ensure that banks have sufficient high quality liquid assets (HQLA) to cope with cash outflows
under an acute 30-day stress scenario. It is assumed that the necessary corrective measures would have been taken
by the Bank or by the supervisor by the end of those 30 days.
The LCR was above 100% as at 31 December 2024, standing at 188.38% (226.95% as at December 2023). The
ratio remains at high levels despite having decreased since the end of 2023 due to an increase in weighted net
outflows and a slight drop in available liquid assets 
The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision's Net Stable Funding Ratio ("NSFR") requires banks to maintain
a stable funding profile. This is defined as the ratio between the amount of stable funding available and the amount
of stable funding required. This ratio must be at least 100% at all times. 'Available stable funding' is defined as
the proportion of own funds and other funds that may be expected to be reliable during the time period considered
by the NSFR, which is one year.
At 30 September 2024, the NSFR was 144.6%, above the required limit (142.7% at 31 December 2023).
The loan-to-deposit ratio, i.e. the ratio of customer funds to lending —which shows how much of the loans granted
are financed by customer funds— stood at 94.7% at 31 December 2024 (106% at 31 December 2023). 
Bankinter uses several tools to analyse and monitor its short-term and long-term liquidity position. These include
both static and dynamic tools. In addition, back-testing is also conducted on the projections made. According to
these tools, Bankinter's survival horizon is more than 12 months.
Bankinter has additional capacity to assume liquidity commitments through the possibility of obtaining financing
from the ECB without affecting its traditional asset business. At 31 December 2024, this capacity was EUR 9,246
million.
Notwithstanding the above, in the current economic setting, there can be no assurance that Bankinter will be able
to meet its liquidity needs or to do so without incurring higher deposit costs or having to liquidate some of its
assets in the event of pressure on its liquidity from any cause, which could have a negative impact on the Group's
net interest income, as well as a substantial negative impact on its business, results or financial and equity position,
including, ultimately, the implementation of internal recapitalisation measures, such as the redemption of its
shares and certain debt issues. 
Reputational risk 
Reputational risks arise from negative perception on the part of customers, counterparties, shareholders, investors
and regulators that can adversely affect the Bank’s ability to maintain existing, or establish new, business
relationships and continued access to sources of funding. This risk is unique because it depends on external
assessments and can originate from a wide variety of sources, including other risks and social, economic or sector
conditions. In extreme cases, reputational risk could lead to a withdrawal of deposits by customers. 
This risk is particularly relevant for financial institutions since, due to the nature of the banking business, it is
essential to maintain the trust of customers, investors, creditors and the market in general.
The responsibility for safeguarding the Group's reputation extends to all employees, who are guided by various
manuals of conduct and professional ethics. It is therefore important to train and raise the awareness of all staff in

--- Page 57 ---
- 41 -
order to create a strong internal culture of prevention. However, the Group may be affected by a reputational risk
consisting of the possible improper conduct of employees. 
One of the most important aspects in preventing reputational risks is to understand market and environmental
trends, and monitor what is being said about the Group in the mass media and on social media. To this end, the
Group has a system for monitoring, analysing and assessing its reputational impact, although it is inevitable that
the Group may be affected by this type of risk. 
There may also be external factors, beyond the Group's control, such as improper actions by third-party entities
or individuals, or scandals in the financial sector in general, which could convey a widespread negative image or
positioning in the minds of customers, leading to a loss of confidence and credibility in the sector, from which
new non-traditional players in the lending market could benefit. 
Competition risk  
The Spanish financial market, where the Group operates, is highly competitive and the reforms of the financial
sector, and certain other developments, have heightened competition between domestic and foreign entities. Also,
the trend towards consolidation of the banking sector has generated larger and stronger banks that compete with
Bankinter. 
The Group is also facing greater pressure to meet the growing demands of customers for new banking products
and the fact that its competitors are now more knowledgeable about such products. If the Group fails to adopt new
working methods and approaches to customer service at the same pace of change as in the current banking
environment, its ability to compete successfully in the market segments in which it operates could be adversely
affected. 
The Group also faces non-traditional competitors of banking services, mainly based on new technologies, such as
non-banking digital providers that compete (and cooperate) with each other and with banks in most areas of
financial services, as well as large digital operators that also offer financial services (mainly payments and credit)
complementary to their core business. Banks and non-bank operators are not currently playing on a level field.
Banking groups are subject to prudential regulations that have implications for most of their businesses, including
those in which they compete with non-bank operators, which are only subject to activity-specific regulations or
which benefit from regulatory uncertainty. 
In addition, the transposition of Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25
November 2015 on payment services in the internal market allows such digital operators not subject to prudential
regulation, acting under the legal category of third-party providers ("TPP"), to establish direct relations with the
bank customer, without having to be administrators of the payment accounts held by them at their respective credit
institutions, as well as to carry out transactions on their behalf and access information in their bank accounts. 
In line with the foregoing, the impact of changes in the regulatory environment for payment services, in the form
of the enactment of PSD2 and its progressive transposition into Spanish law, which became effective on 1 January
2021, imposes relevant competition factors/risks on credit institutions, which are being forced to rethink their
business objectives and operating schemes to keep being competitive, leading to rises in operating and investment
costs. Therefore, the increase in digital operators subject to fewer or no regulatory requirements, with more agile
cost structures and sometimes with greater financial strength than traditional credit institutions, are breaking into
this business sector, mainly through the dissociation authorised by PSD 2 between the exclusive administration
of payment accounts (e.g. by the credit institution where the payment service user maintains a payment account)
and access to transactions carried out on that account (e.g. by a third party provider) and to the information
contained in and derived from those accounts without bearing the associated operational and infrastructure costs. 
As regards companies offering new financial applications and services based on artificial intelligence, the often
lower-cost and faster processing speed of these new applications and services may be especially attractive to
technologically advanced buyers. As technology continues to evolve, more tasks currently performed by people
can be replaced by automation, machine learning and other advances beyond the Group’s control. 
In conclusion, the increase in these operators and companies means that the financial sector is increasingly
competitive, which can affect the positioning of banking institutions in the sector, especially more traditional
banks.

--- Page 58 ---
- 42 -
Impact of the anti-tax avoidance directive on the Issuer
Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of 12 July 2016 laying down rules against tax avoidance practices that directly
affect the functioning of the internal market dated 12 July 2016 was transposed into Luxembourg domestic law
by the law of 21 December 2018 (ATAD I) and entered into force on 1 January 2019. 
ATAD I introduces, amongst other things, a new framework that limits the deduction of interest and other
deductible payments and charges for Luxembourg companies subject to corporate income tax (such as the Issuer).
ATAD I may result in corporate income tax being imposed and becoming due and payable by the Issuer to the
extent that the Issuer derives income other than interest income or income equivalent to interest from its underlying
assets and transactions. Where ATAD I results in denying the tax deductibility of a portion of the interest accrued
on the Notes, any tax payable by the Issuer as a result of ATAD I could negatively impact the amounts payable
under the Notes to investors.

--- Page 59 ---
- 43 -
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS  
This Investment Considerations section sets out important information and considerations in relation to the Notes
which prospective investors should take into account prior to making an investment decision. 
Considerations Relating to the Notes Generally 
Considerations in relation to Global Notes held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes, unless
otherwise specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, will be (in the case of Bearer Notes) deposited
with a common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream,
Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled to
receive Notes in definitive form. 
Each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and their respective direct and indirect participants, will
maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes, as applicable. While the Notes are represented by
one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant
clearing system and their respective participants Notes are held. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the Issuer and the Guarantor will discharge their
payment obligations under the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing system. A holder of a
beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants
to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer and the Guarantor have no responsibility or liability for
the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Noteholders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant
Notes. As the Notes are in global form, the Issuer and each Noteholder will have agreed that, when each
Noteholder elects so, the relevant Account Holder will immediately acquire the right under this provision and the
provisions of the Global Notes with regard to the Notes, to claim and receive all payments due at any time in
respect of the relevant portion of the corresponding Notes credited in the securities account of the Account Holder
(the "Direct Rights") and, from that time, the said Noteholder will have no further rights under the Global Notes
with respect to that relevant portion of the Notes (but without prejudice to the rights which the Noteholder or any
other person may have under the relevant Global Note). 
For this purposes, "Account Holder" means a holder of a securities account, except for Clearstream or Euroclear
Luxembourg or a common depositary to the extent that any securities, or rights in respect of securities, credited
to such Clearstream or Euroclear’s securities account are held by Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg or
common depositary for the account or benefit of a holder of a securities account within Euroclear or Clearstream
Luxembourg or common depositary. 
Additional information on the discontinuance of LIBOR
Potential investors in Reference Rate Linked Notes or Floating Rate Notes should be aware that the reference
rates these notes are linked to may be affected by the developments described in this section (Additional
information on the discontinuance of LIBOR). 
On 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA"), which
regulates LIBOR, announced that it does not intend to continue to persuade, or use its powers to compel, panel
banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021. The announcement
indicates that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis is not guaranteed after 2021. 
On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("IBA"), the administrator of LIBOR, published a
statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the dates on which
this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers to require IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR
settings using a changed methodology (the "IBA announcement"). Concurrently, the FCA published a statement
on the cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors, following the dates on which
IBA indicated that it will cease publication (the "FCA announcement"). Permanent cessation occurred after 31
December 2021 for all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese Yen and US Dollar

--- Page 60 ---
- 44 -
LIBOR settings and after 30 June 2023 for the remaing LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling,
US Dollar and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings). 
Additional information on the development of SONIA and €STR as reference rates 
In connection with the development of the market in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets
and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR, market participants and relevant working groups are
exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to
measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). The nascent
development of Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as
continued development of SONIA-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such
rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the
Notes. The current expectation is that SONIA, which is at present only available as an overnight rate, will replace
LIBOR, which generally has a term of one, three or six months. 
Separate workstreams are also underway in Europe to reform EURIBOR using a hybrid methodology and to
provide a fallback by reference to a euro risk free rate. On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-
free rates recommended €STR as the new risk free rate. In addition, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk free-rate
working group published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash products
(including bonds). The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR
in relevant contracts without incorporating robust fallback provisions may increase the risk to the euro area
financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on
EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. On 4 December 2023, the working group issued its final
statement, announcing completion of its mandate. 
Additional considerations associated with Securities that pay a floating rate of interest referencing SOFR 
SOFR is a relatively new rate. The New York Federal Reserve began to publish SOFR in April 2018. Although
the New York Federal Reserve has published historical indicative SOFR information going back to 2014, such
prepublication historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Investors should
not rely on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of the future performance of SOFR. Since the
initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in
other benchmark or market rates. As a result, the return on and value of Notes that pay a floating rate of interest
by reference to SOFR may fluctuate more than floating rate debt securities that are linked to less volatile rates. 
Because SOFR is a relatively new market index, Notes that reference SOFR will likely have no established trading
market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms
for debt securities indexed to SOFR, such as the spread over the base rate reflected in the interest rate provisions,
may evolve over time, and trading prices of Notes that reference SOFR may be lower than those of later-issued
SOFR-linked debt securities as a result. Similarly, if SOFR does not prove to be widely used in securities like the
Notes, the trading price of Notes that reference SOFR may be lower than those of securities linked to rates that
are more widely used. Investors may not be able to sell Notes that reference SOFR at all or may not be able to sell
such Notes at prices that will provide a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary
market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
The manner of adoption or application of reference rates based on SOFR in the bond market may differ materially
compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets.
Investors should carefully consider how any potential inconsistencies between the adoption of reference rates
based on SOFR across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may
put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes that reference SOFR. 
The New York Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject to important
limitations, including that the New York Federal Reserve may alter the methods of calculation, publication
schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. There can be no guarantee
that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests
of investors in the Notes. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that
change or discontinuance may result in a reduction or elimination of the amount of interest payable on such Notes
that reference SOFR and a reduction in the trading prices of such Notes.

--- Page 61 ---
- 45 -
SOFR differs fundamentally from, and may not be a comparable substitute for, LIBOR.
In June 2017, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the "ARRC") convened by the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System and the New York Federal Reserve announced SOFR as its recommended
alternative to the London interbank offered rate for U.S. dollar obligations. However, because SOFR is a broad
U.S. Treasury repo financing rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, it differs fundamentally
from LIBOR. For example, SOFR is a secured overnight rate, while LIBOR is an unsecured rate that represents
interbank funding over different maturities. In addition, at present, SOFR is calculated on a backward-looking
basis, whereas LIBOR is forward-looking. Because of these and other differences, there can be no assurance that
SOFR will perform in the same way as LIBOR would have done at any time, and there is no guarantee that it is a
comparable substitute for LIBOR. 
However, in March 2022, the U.S. Congress passed the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the "LIBOR 
Act"). This legislation establishes a uniform process, on a nationwide basis, for replacing LIBOR in existing
contracts the terms of which do not contain fallback provisions by automatically replacing LIBOR, after the
LIBOR replacement date on the first London banking day after 30 June 2023, with the "Board-selected benchmark
replacement". On 16 December 2022, the Federal Reserve Board adopted a final rule that implements the LIBOR
Act and identifies these benchmark replacements, which differ for different contracts, but are all based on SOFR. 
Considerations Relating to Reference Item Linked Notes 
Considerations in relation to regulatory consequences for a holder of Reference Item Linked Notes
There may be regulatory and other consequences associated with the ownership by certain investors of certain
Reference Item Linked Notes. Each purchaser of Notes must conduct its own investigation into its regulatory
position with respect to the potential purchase of Notes, and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer or the
Arranger assumes any obligation or liability whatsoever to such purchaser in such regard. 
Considerations in relation to taxation of Reference Item Linked Notes
Potential purchasers of Reference Item Linked Notes should be aware that stamp duty and other taxes and/or
charges may be levied in accordance with the laws and practices in countries where the Reference Item Linked
Notes are transferred and/or where any potential Reference Items are delivered, or elsewhere. 
The considerations set out under this "Considerations in relation to taxation of Reference Item Linked Notes" 
section do not consider the tax treatment of payments in respect of Reference Item Linked Notes. Potential
purchasers of Reference Item Linked Notes should note that the tax treatment of payments in respect of Reference
Item Linked Notes may be different (and in some cases significantly different) from these considerations. 
Potential purchasers of Reference Item Linked Notes who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult
their own independent tax advisers. In addition, potential purchasers should be aware that tax laws and regulations
and their application and interpretation by the relevant taxation authorities change from time to time. Accordingly,
it is not possible to predict the precise tax treatment which will apply at any given time. 
Considerations Relating to Equity Linked Notes 
Considerations relating to whether an investment in Equity Linked Notes is suitable for a particular investor 
Each potential investor should determine whether an investment in the Notes is appropriate in its particular
circumstances. An investment in Equity Linked Notes requires a thorough understanding of the nature of the
relevant transaction. Potential investors should be experienced with respect to an investment in the Equity Linked
Notes and be aware of the related risks. 
An investment in Equity Linked Notes is only suitable for potential investors who: 
(a)
have the requisite knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to evaluate the merits and
risks of an investment in the Equity Linked Notes and the information contained or incorporated by
reference into this document;

--- Page 62 ---
- 46 -
(b)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate such merits and risks in the
context of the potential investor's particular financial situation and to evaluate the impact the Notes will
have on their overall investment portfolio; 
(c)
understand thoroughly the terms of the Equity Linked Notes and are familiar with the behaviour of the
relevant underlying security or index and financial markets; 
(d)
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in the Equity Linked Notes until the maturity
date of the Equity Linked Notes; 
(e)
recognise that it may not be possible to dispose of the Equity Linked Notes for a substantial period of
time, if at all, before the maturity date; and 
(f)
are able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial and legal adviser) possible scenarios for
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect the investment in the Equity Linked Notes and
the investor's risks. 
Equity Linked Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments
as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Equity Linked Notes Notes unless such potential investor has
the expertise (either alone or with a financial and legal adviser) to evaluate how the Equity Linked Notes will
perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Equity Linked Notes and the impact
this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Investors should refer to the Risk Factor entitled "Risks Relating to Equity Linked Notes" for information on the
risks relating to these types of investment. 
Considerations relating to exchange rates and exchange controls 
Investors should consult their financial and legal advisers as to any specific risks entailed by an investment in
Equity Linked Notes that are denominated or payable in, or the return on which is linked to values for a relevant
underlying security or index denominated in a currency other than the currency of the country in which such
investor resides or in which such investor conducts its business, which is referred to as their home currency. Such
Equity Linked Notes are not appropriate investments for investors who are not sophisticated in foreign currency
transactions.
Investors should refer to the Risk Factor entitled "Exchange rates and exchange controls may affect the value or
return of the Equity Linked Notes" for information on the risks relating to such an investment. 
Legal and Regulatory Considerations  
Risks in Relation to Spanish Taxation
Royal Decree Law 8/2014, of 4 July, introduced a 0.03% tax on bank deposits in Spain. This tax is payable
annually by Spanish banks. Additionally, Law 38/2022, of 27 December, created a temporary levy (initially
applicable to the fiscal years 2023 and 2024) for credit institutions operating in Spain with a total interest and
commission income in the year ended 31 December 2019 equal to or greater than EUR800 million (on an
individual or a consolidated basis) and taxes, at a rate of 4.80%, the sum of the net interest income and commission
income and expenses derived from the activity carried out in Spain. On 21 December 2024, the Spanish Congress
approved Law 7/2024, of December 20, establishing a Complementary Tax to ensure a global minimum level of
taxation for multinational groups and large national groups, a Tax on the margin of interests and commissions of
certain financial entities, and a Tax on liquids for electronic cigarettes and other related tobacco products, and
amending other tax regulations, was published in the Spanish Official Gazette (Boletín Oficial del Estado). This
Law creates a new tax on the net interest income and commissions of certain credit institutions in Spain, including
Bankinter. The taxable base of this new tax would be the positive balance of net interest income, and the net
commissions derived from the activity carried out in Spain, reduced by EUR 100 million. The net taxable base
cannot be negative, and the applicable tax rate might vary from 1% to 7%. This Law provides certain reductions
and deductions from the tax. The new tax would apply for the first three consecutive tax periods starting on or
after 1 January 2024. The Bank anticipates that the impact of this new tax in 2025 will be lower thant the impact

--- Page 63 ---
- 47 -
of the temporary levy in 2024. There can be no assurance that additional national or transnational bank levies or
financial transaction taxes will not be adopted by the authorities of the jurisdictions where the Bank operates. 
Risks related to the Spanish withholding tax regime
All payments by the Issuer will be made free and clear of, and without any deduction or withholding for or on
account of, any Luxembourg taxes, except as stated in the Notes, and in particular, save for witholding tax for or
on account of, any Luxembourg taxe levied pursuant to the Luxembourg law dated 23 December 2005, as
amended. 
Payments under the Guarantee may generally be characterised as an indemnity and, accordingly, as provided for
under Spanish legislation, the Guarantor shall not be required to make any withholding or deduction from any
payment due under the Notes for or on account of any taxes and duties of whatever nature imposed by the Kingdom
of Spain. 
However, although no clear precedent, statement of law or regulation exists in relation thereto, in the event that
the Spanish tax authorities may take the view that the Guarantor has validly, legally and effectively assumed all
obligations of the Issuer subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Guarantee, the Spanish tax
authorities may attempt to impose withholding tax in the Kingdom of Spain on any payments made by the
Guarantor, unless:
(i)
the recipient is resident for tax purposes in a Member State of the European Union, other than Spain, or
in a state member of the European Economic Area, other than Spain, with which there is an effective
exchange of tax information with Spain in force (each an "EEA Jurisdiction"), or is a permanent
establishment of such resident situated in another Member State of the European Union or EEA
Jurisdiction not resident in or acting through a territory considered as a non-cooperative jurisdiction
pursuant to Spanish law (as defined in the First Additional provision of Law 36/2006, of 29 November,
on prevention measures and actions against tax fraud, as amended through Law 11/2021, of 9 July and/or
any other regulation which may develop, replace, amend, restate or supplement this from time to time)
nor through a permanent establishment in Spain or in a country outside the European Union or an EEA
Jurisdiction, or 
(ii)
the recipient is resident of a state with which Spain has entered into a Double Taxation Treaty which
makes provision for full exemption from tax imposed in Spain on such payment under the Double
Taxation Treaty and does not obtain income through a territory considered as a non-cooperative
jurisdiction pursuant to Spanish law (as defined in the First Additional provision of Law 36/2006, of 29
November, on prevention measures and actions against tax fraud, as amended through Law 11/2021, of
9 July and/or any other regulation which may develop, replace, amend, restate or supplement this from
time to time), or 
(iii)
any other withholding tax exemption applies under Spanish law, 
Provided that in either case of (i) and (ii) above, such recipient submits to the Guarantor the relevant tax residence
certificate, issued by the corresponding tax authorities in its own jurisdiction stating its residence for tax purposes
either within the relevant European Union Member State/EEA Jurisdiction or in the relevant country for the
purposes of the Double Taxation Treaty, such certificate being valid for the period of one year beginning from its
date of issue under Spanish law. 
Additional information on the BRRD and SRM Regulation 
In accordance with Article 20 of Law 11/2015, a relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail in
any of the following circumstances: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in significant breach of its solvency
or any other requirements necessary for maintaining its authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near
future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they
fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). The
determination that a relevant entity is no longer viable may depend on a number of factors which may be outside
of that relevant entity's control. 
As provided in the BRRD and the SRM Regulation, Law 11/2015 contains four resolution tools and powers,
which may be used alone or in combination where the Relevant Resolution Authority, as appropriate, considers

--- Page 64 ---
- 48 -
that (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private
sector measures would prevent the failure of such relevant entity within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a
resolution action is in the public interest. 
The four resolution tools are: (i) sale of business – which enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to direct the
sale of the relevant entity or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which
enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to transfer all or part of the business of the relevant entity to a "bridge
institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control), which may limit the
capacity of the relevant entity to meet its repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation – which enables the Relevant
Resolution Authority to transfer impaired or problematic assets to one or more publicly owned asset management
vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly
wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) the general bail-in tool. 
Pursuant to Law 11/2015 the adoption of any early intervention or resolution procedure shall not itself constitute
an event of default or entitle any counterparty of the Issuer or Guarantor to exercise any rights it may otherwise
have in respect thereof and any provision providing for such rights shall further be deemed not to apply. However,
this does not limit the ability of a counterparty to declare any event of default and exercise its rights accordingly
where an event of default arises either before or after the exercise of any such early intervention or resolution
procedure and does not necessarily relate to the exercise of any relevant measure or power which has been applied
pursuant to Law 11/2015. 
EU Banking Reforms
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms amending
Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013, of 26 June, of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms ("CRR"), Directive 2013/36/EU, of 26 June, of the
European Parliament on access to credit institution and investment firm activities and on prudential supervision
of credit institutions and investment firms ("CRD IV Directive"), BRRD I and the SRM Regulation.
On 27 June 2019, Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019
amending CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies,
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures ("CRD V"); BRRD II;
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending CRR as
regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities,
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment
undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) 648/2012 ("CRR 
II"); and Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending
the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and
investment firms (together with CRD V, BRRD II and CRR II, the "EU Banking Reforms") entered into force.
The provisions of CRR II began to be fully applicable on 28 June 2021 and CRD V and BRRD II were transposed
into Spanish law through RDL 7/2021, the amendments to Royal Decree 84/2015, of 13 February, implementing
Law 10/2014 (Real Decreto 84/2015, de 13 de febrero, por el que se desarrolla la Ley 10/2014) ("Royal Decree 
84/2015"), Royal Decree 1012/2015 made by Royal Decree 1041/2021, and to certain Bank of Spain Circulars
made by Circular 5/2021.
The EU Banking Reforms cover multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, the leverage ratio, mandatory
restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, macroprudential tools, a
new category of "non-preferred" senior debt that should only be bailed-in after junior ranking instruments but
before other senior liabilities, changes to the definitions of Tier 2 and Additional Tier 1 instruments, the MREL
framework and the integration of the TLAC standard into EU legislation. 
Additionally, with regard to the European Commission's proposal to create a new asset class of "non- preferred" 
senior debt, on 27 December 2017, Directive 2017/2399 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking
of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy was published in the Official Journal of the European Union
which sets forth a harmonised national insolvency ranking of unsecured debt instruments to facilitate the issuance
by credit institutions of senior "non-preferred" instruments. It had to be transposed into national law by the EU
member states by 29 December 2018, provided that the relevant EU member states had not been previously
legislated in the sense of such Directive. Before that, RDL 11/2017 created in Spain the new asset class of senior-
non preferred debt.

--- Page 65 ---
- 49 -
One of the main objectives of the EU Banking Reforms is to implement the TLAC standard and to integrate the
TLAC requirement into the general MREL rules (the "TLAC/MREL Requirements") thereby avoiding
duplication from the application of two parallel requirements. As mentioned above, although TLAC and MREL
pursue the same regulatory objective, there are, nevertheless, some differences between them in the way they are
constructed. The EU Banking Reforms integrate the TLAC standard into the existing MREL rules and to ensure
that both requirements are met with largely similar instruments, with the exception of the subordination
requirement, which will be partially institution-specific and determined by the resolution authority. Under the EU
Banking Reforms, institutions such as the Bank would continue to be subject to an institution-specific MREL
requirement, which may be higher than the Pillar 1 TLAC/MREL Requirements for G-SIIs contained in the EU
Banking Reforms. 
Although the specific MREL requirements may vary depending on the specific characteristics of the credit entity
(its application falls on resolution institution or resolution group, being entities subject to resolution following a
Single Point of Entry or Multiple Point of Entry resolution strategy) and the resolution process, BRRD II together
with CRR II introduce a relevant change for complying with MREL which now includes two different ratios (i) a
risk ratio (percentage of total RWAs of the resolution entity) and (ii) a non-risk ratio (percentage of the resolution
entity's total exposure), as well as empower the relevant resolution authority to authorise or require (a) complying
with additional CET1, Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital ratios (which was not foreseen in the previous MREL
rules) and (b) that certain level of senior liabilities issued by the resolution entity can be subject to bail-in. 
MREL application is also subject to a diferent regime depending on the nature of the entity based on its resource
volume and systemic profile. Thus, the MREL requirements are different for G-SIIs, "top tier" entities (which
are not G-SIIs with aggregated asset volume of over EUR 100 billion), O-SIIs (which are institutions that, due to
their systemic importance, are more likely to create risks to financial stability) and the rest of the resolution
institutions. In particular, G-SIIs, "top tier" banks and O-SIIs are subject to Pillar 1 requirements: 18% (including
the combined buffer requirements under CRD IV Directive), and 13% of RWAs and 6.75% and 5% of leverage
exposure, respectively for G-SIIs and "top tier" banks and O-SIIs. These requirements are complemented by
further Pillar 2 requirements, which would be determined on a case-by-case basis for the rest of the resolution
institutions. 
The EU Banking Reforms have introduced limited adjustments to the existing MREL rules ensuring technical
consistency with the structure of any requirements for G-SIIs. Since 1 January 2022, the TLAC/MREL
requirements are fully applicable (a 18% minimum TLAC requirement).
The EU Banking Reforms provide that a bank's failure to comply with its TLAC/MREL Requirements should be
addressed by the relevant authorities on the basis of their powers to address or remove impediments to resolution,
the exercise of their supervisory powers and their power to impose early intervention measures, administrative
penalties and other administrative measures. If there is any shortfall in an institution's level of eligible liabilities
and own funds, and the own funds of such institution are otherwise contributing to the "combined buffer
requirement", those own funds will automatically be used instead to meet that institution's MREL requirement
and will no longer count towards its "combined buffer requirement", which may lead the institution to fail to
meet its "combined buffer requirement". Failure to meet the "combined buffer requirements" when consider in
addition to the TLAC/MREL Requirements would require such institution to calculate its MDA, and the relevant
resolution authority shall impose (but subject to a potential 9 months grace period) restrictions to make (i)
distributions relating to CET1 capital, (ii) payments in respect of variable remuneration or discretionary pension
revenues and (iii) distributions relating to Additional Tier 1 instruments ("Discretionary Payments") above the
MDA. As a result of the above, upon the entry into force of the EU Banking Reforms, the Bank must fully comply
with its "combined buffer requirement" in addition to its TLAC/MREL Requirements in order to make sure that
it is able to make Discretionary Payments.
On 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public consultation on technical aspects on a
new review of BRRD, the SRM Regulation, and Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the
Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes (the "DGSD"). The consultation was open until 20 April
2021. The targeted consultation was split into two main sections: a section covering the general objectives of the
review focus, and a section seeking technical feedback on stakeholders' experience with the current framework
and the need for changes in the future framework, notably on (i) resolution, liquidation and other available
measures to handle banking crises, (ii) level of harmonisation of creditor hierarchy in the EU and impact on no
creditor worse off principle, and (iii) depositor insurance.

--- Page 66 ---
- 50 -
Additionally, on 27 October 2021, the European Commission published legislative proposals amending CRR and
the CRD IV Directive, as well as a separate legislative proposal amending CRR and BRRD in the area of resolution
of credit institutions and investment firms. In particular, the main objectives of the European Commission’s
legislative proposals are to strengthen the risk-based capital framework, enhance the focus on environmental,
social and governance (ESG) risks in the prudential framework, further harmonize supervisory powers and tools,
reduce institutions’ administrative costs related to public disclosures and improve access to institutions’ prudential
data. The legislative proposals are the following: (i) Directive of the European Parliament and of the Council
amending CRD IV Directive as regards supervisory powers, sanctions, third-country branches, and environmental,
social and governance risks; (ii) Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council and its annex amending
CRR as regards requirements for credit risk, credit valuation adjustment risk, operational risk, market risk and the
output floor; and (iii) Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending CRR and BRRD as
regards the prudential treatment of G-SIB groups with a multiple point of entry resolution strategy and a
methodology for the indirect subscription of instruments eligible for meeting the minimum requirement for own
funds and eligible liabilities (the so-called “daisy chain” proposal). The European Parliament and the Council
adopted on 19 October 2022 Regulation (EU) 2022/236 amending CRR and BRRD, which partially became
effective on 14 November 2022. In December 2023, the European Parliament and the Council endorsed the
legislative proposals referred in (i) and (ii) above. On 24 April 2024, the European Parliament approved the two
legislative proposals. On 19 June 2024, both the Directive in limb (i) above and the Regulation in limb (ii) above
were published in the Official Journal of the EU. Moreover, Regulation in (ii) above will start applying gradually
from 1 January 2025, while Directive in limb (i) above will need to be implemented in each of the Member States
by 10 January 2026.
Additionally, in light of recent bank failures, on 18 April 2023 the European Commission adopted the CMDI
proposal. The package implies the review of the BRRD and SRM Regulation as well as a separate legislative
proposal to amend the DGSD, all of which aim at further preserving financial stability, protecting taxpayers and
depositors, and supporting the real economy and its competitiveness. 
The CMDI proposal enables authorities to organise the orderly market exit for a failing bank of any size and
business model and consists of three pillars: (i) preserving financial stability and protecting taxpayers’ money
through facilitating the use of deposit guarantee schemes in crisis situations; (ii) shielding the real economy from
the impact of bank failure by allowing authorities to fully use resolution as a key component of the crisis
management toolbox; and (iii) better protecting depositors. This European Commission’s proposal harmonises
the standards of depositor protection across the EU and further extends the new framework of depositor protection
to public entities. Furthermore, the CMDI proposal harmonises the protection of temporary high balances on bank
accounts in excess of EUR 100,000 linked to specific life events. In particular, the new rules introduce a new
depositor preference, according to which the "super-preference" of deposit guarantee schemes is removed and a
single-tier ranking for all deposits (covered deposits and deposit guarantee schemes’ claims, non-covered deposits
of households and small and medium enterprises, other non-covered deposits) is created. Therefore, covered
deposits would have no "super-preference" on insolvency compared to other deposits, but would continue to be
excluded from bail-in (and therefore have better protection than other deposits in a bail-in). Furthermore, the new
rules foresee that all deposits relative to ordinary unsecured claims are preferred.
On 3 October 2023 the Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee of the European Parliament published three
draft reports on the proposals and on 6 December 2023 the European Parliament and the Council reached a
provisional political agreement on the “daisy chain” proposal, which was finally adopted on 27 March 2024 and
published in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 April 2024. Additionally, on 20 March 2024, the Economic and
Monetary Affairs Committee of the European Parliament voted in favour of a compromise on amendments to the
CMDI Proposal. On 24 April 2024, the European Parliament voted in plenary to adopt three legislative texts on
CMDI Proposal framework as its position for upcoming legislative negotiations with the European Council. On
19 June 2024, the European Council agreed on a negotiation mandate on the review of the CMDI Proposal
framework, with this mandate the European Council confirmed that it was on position for negotiations with the
European Parliament regarding the final form of the CMDI Proposal framework. Therefore, as of the date of this
Base Prospectus there is a high degree of uncertainty with regards to the adjustments to the CMDI framework and
when it will be finally implemented in the EU. Therefore, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, are subject to
further discussion by the European Parliament and the Council so there is a high degree of uncertainty with regards
to the proposed adjustments to the CMDI framework and when they will be finally implemented in the EU.

--- Page 67 ---
- 51 -
ISSUE OF NOTES 
Notes will be issued on a continuous basis in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms
otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series
being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches
(each a "Tranche") on different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be, save in respect
of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount of the Tranche, identical to the terms
of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set forth in Applicable Transaction Terms to this Base Prospectus
(the form of which is set out in "Pro Forma Final Terms" or "Pro Forma Pricing Supplement" below) or, as the
case may be, in a Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable).

--- Page 68 ---
- 52 -
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, the Base Prospectus:
(1)
the audited standalone financial statements of the Issuer for the period from 22 December 2021 to 31
December 2022 and for the year ended 31 December 2023, together with the auditor's reports thereon,
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union available at Euronext Dublin’s
website
(https://direct.euronext.com/api/PublicAnnouncements/RISDocument/Bankinter%20FS%2031%20Dec
%202022.xhtml?id=ccbd28b3-77d3-48c8-b79c-3bf34655913f
and
https://direct.euronext.com/api/PublicAnnouncements/RISDocument/ANN133657.xhtml?id=b10654cf-
04c5-4611-8cae-f7c17b9057b8); 
(2)
the unaudited standalone interim financial report of the Issuer for the six-month period ended 30 June
2024
available
at
Euronext
Dublin’s
website
(https://direct.euronext.com/api/PublicAnnouncements/RISDocument/ANN137655.pdf?id=aec48858-
4fb7-4cca-a931-dfae8de2d77a)
(3)
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor for the years ended 31 December 2022
and 31 December 2023, together with the auditor's reports thereon, prepared in accordance with IFRS as
adopted
by
the
European
Union
available
at
Bankinter’s
website
(https://www.bankinter.com/file_source2/webcorporativa/estaticos/pdf/accionistas-e-
Inversores/informacion-financiera/informes-
anuales/2022/Informe_Anual_Consolidado_2022_22022023.pdf
and
https://www.bankinter.com/file_source2/webcorporativa/estaticos/pdf/accionistas-e-
Inversores/informacion-financiera/informes-
anuales/2023/Informe%20Anual%20Consolidado%202023.pdf); 
(4)
the unaudited consolidated interim financial report for the Guarantor for the three-month period ended
31
December
2024
available
at
Bankinter’s
website
(https://www.bankinter.com/file_source2/webcorporativa/estaticos/pdf/accionistas-e-
inversores/informacion-financiera/informes-trimestrales/2024/t4/Informe_trimestral_4T24.pdf); 
(5)
future audited standalone financial statements of the Issuer together with the auditor's reports thereon, as
and
when
any
such
financial
statements
are
published
on
Euronext
Dublin’s
website
(https://direct.euronext.com/#/rispublication) in accordance with the requirements of the EU Prospectus
Regulation during the 12-month period of validity of this Base Prospectus; and 
(6)
future audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor together with the auditor's reports
thereon, and future unaudited interim financial statements of the Guarantor, as and when any such
financial
statements
are
published
on
the
Guarantor’s
website
(https://www.bankinter.com/webcorporativa/accionistas-inversores/informacion-financiera)
in
accordance with the requirements of the EU Prospectus Regulation during the 12-month period of
validity of this Base Prospectus. 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this
Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
English Translations 
English
translations
of
Documents
(1)
above
are
available
at:
https://direct.euronext.com/api/PublicAnnouncements/RISDocument/Bankinter%20FS%2031%20Dec%202022.
xhtml?id=ccbd28b3-77d3-48c8-b79c-3bf34655913f
and
https://direct.euronext.com/api/PublicAnnouncements/RISDocument/ANN133657.xhtml?id=b10654cf-04c5-
4611-8cae-f7c17b9057b8
An
English
translation
of
Document
(2)
above
is
available
at:
https://direct.euronext.com/api/PublicAnnouncements/RISDocument/ANN137655.pdf?id=aec48858-4fb7-4cca-
a931-dfae8de2d77a

--- Page 69 ---
- 53 -
English
translations
of
Documents
(3)
above
are
available
at:
https://www.bankinter.com/file_source2/webcorporativa/estaticos/pdf/accionistas-e-Inversores/informacion-
financiera/informes-anuales/2022/Informe_Anual_Consolidado_2022_EN.pdf
and
https://www.bankinter.com/file_source2/webcorporativa/estaticos/pdf/accionistas-e-Inversores/informacion-
financiera/informes-anuales/2023/Informe%20Anual%20Consolidado%20Ingl%C3%A9s%202023%20final.pdf
An
English
translation
of
Document
(4)
above
is
available
at:
https://www.bankinter.com/file_source2/webcorporativa/estaticos/pdf/accionistas-e-inversores/informacion-
financiera/informes-trimestrales/2024/t4/Informe_trimestral_4Q24.pdf The referred English translations are for
information purposes only. In the event of a discrepancy, the original Spanish-language versions prevail. 
English translations of Documents (5) above will be available at: https://direct.euronext.com/#/rispublication
English
translations
of
Documents
(6)
above
will
be
available
at:
https://www.bankinter.com/webcorporativa/en/shareholders-investors/financial-information
Each document incorporated herein by reference is only as of the date of such document, and the incorporation
by reference of such documents shall not create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of
Bankinter or the Group, as the case may be, since the date thereof or that the information contained therein is
current as of any time subsequent to its date. 
Any documents themselves contained in or incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference
in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information
contained on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 70 ---
- 54 -
APPLICABLE TRANSACTION TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the information
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position,
profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor and of the rights attaching to the Notes. In relation
to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer and the Guarantor have
endeavoured to include in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to
the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of
an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes which are not Exempt Notes will be
contained either in the applicable Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be contained
in the applicable Final Terms unless any of such information constitutes a significant new factor relating to the
information contained in this Base Prospectus in which case such information, together with all of the other
necessary information in relation to the relevant series of Notes, may be contained in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which are not Exempt Notes and are the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will,
for the purposes of that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this
Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of
Final Terms are the Conditions as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
For a Tranche of Notes which are Exempt Notes, any information which is not included in this Base Prospectus
and which is required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to such Tranche of Notes will be
contained in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Such Pricing Supplement will, for the purposes of that Tranche
only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which are Exempt Notes and are subject to a Pricing
Supplement are the Conditions, as supplemented, amended or replaced by the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant
Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each
reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Applicable
Transaction Terms (or Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) shall be read and construed as a
reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context
requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary information
relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 71 ---
- 55 -
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which will include the additional terms and conditions
contained in Annex 1 in the case of Equity Linked Notes, Annex 2 in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate
Linked Notes, Annex 3 in the case of Reference Rate Linked Notes and Annex 4 in relation to Payouts and which,
subject to completion by the applicable Final Terms (in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes (as defined
below)) or the applicable Pricing Supplement (in the case of Exempt Notes), which will be incorporated by
reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and endorsed upon each definitive Note representing each
Series and, subject further to simplification by deletion of non-applicable provisions, will be endorsed on such
definitive Bearer Notes, details of the relevant Series being shown on the relevant definitive Notes and in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the case may be. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are
to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes which may be issued under the Programme.
The Notes are issued pursuant to an agency agreement dated on or around 24 February 2025 (the "Agency 
Agreement") between Bankinter International Notes S.à r.l. as issuer (the "Issuer"), Bankinter, S.A. as guarantor
(the "Guarantor") and Bankinter, S.A., acting as principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent") (the
Principal Paying Agent and any additional or other paying agents in respect of the Notes from time to time
appointed, the "Paying Agents") and Bankinter, S.A. acting as transparency directive agent (the "Transparency 
Directive Agent"). The Guarantor has, for the benefit of the Noteholders from time to time, executed and
delivered an unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee on first demand dated on or around 24 February 2025 (the
"Guarantee") under which it has guaranteed the due and punctual payment and/or delivery of all amounts due
by the Issuer under the Notes. The initial Calculation Agent(s) (if any) is specified on the Notes. The holders of
the Notes (the "Noteholders" or "Holders"), the holders of the interest coupons (the "Coupons") appertaining
to interest bearing Notes in bearer form (the "Couponholders") and the holders of the instalment receipts (the
"Receipts") appertaining to the payment of principal by instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the
provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them.
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Guarantee are available for inspection at the specified offices of each
of the Paying Agents. 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or
more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a set of Applicable Transaction Terms
(the "Applicable Transaction Terms") which completes or, in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined below),
modifies or supplements these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to
any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms.
In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, the
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms shall prevail. The Applicable Transaction Terms will comprise either (a)
the final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) as set out in Part A of the Final Terms (the "Final 
Terms") attached to or endorsed on this Note, or (b) if this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated
market in the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom nor offered in the European Economic Area or
in the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus
Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA"), as the case may be, (an "Exempt 
Note"), the final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) as set out in Part A of the Pricing
Supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") attached to or endorsed on this Note and may specify other terms and
conditions which shall, to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, supplement, amend or replace the
Conditions for the purposes of this Note. Any reference in these Conditions to "Applicable Transaction Terms" 
and/or "relevant Applicable Transaction Terms" will be deemed to be a reference to "Final Terms" and/or
"applicable Final Terms"; and/or "Pricing Supplement" and/or "applicable Pricing Supplement", as appropriate
in respect of each Series of Notes. Where this Note is issued under a standalone prospectus (a "Drawdown 
Prospectus"), references to the Applicable Transaction Terms, Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case
may be, shall be deemed to be references to the Drawdown Prospectus, as the context requires. The expression
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
1.
Definitions 
See also Condition 17 (Additional Definitions) below. 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the
meanings set out below:

--- Page 72 ---
- 56 -
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Applicable
Transaction Terms; 
"Adjustment Spread" means, in respect of any Replacement Reference Rate, the adjustment, if any, to
such Replacement Reference Rate that the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a
commercially reasonable manner, where relevant having regard to any Industry Standard Adjustment,
which is required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of
economic value from the Issuer to the Noteholders (or vice versa) that would otherwise arise as a result
of the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate with the relevant Replacement Reference Rate. Any
such adjustment may take account of, without limitation, any transfer of economic value (which may be
a value anticipated or estimated by the Calculation Agent) as a result of any difference in the term
structure or tenor of the Replacement Reference Rate by comparison to the relevant Reference Rate. The
Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero, or determined pursuant to a formula or
methodology. If a spread or methodology for calculating a spread has been formally designated,
nominated or recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the replacement of the
relevant Reference Rate with a relevant Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate, then, where the
Replacement Reference Rate is the Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate, the Adjustment Spread
shall be determined on the basis of such recommendation (adjusted as necessary to reflect the fact that
the spread or methodology is used in the context of the Notes); 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the occurrence of a
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event, a Non-Approval Event, a Rejection Event or a
Suspension/Withdrawal Event, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event Date" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the date determined
by the Calculation Agent to be the later of the Issue Date and: 
(a)
in respect of a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event, (A) in the event of a Benchmark
Modification or Prohibition of Use, the effective date of the material change or prohibition of
use of such Reference Rate or (B) in the event of a Benchmark Cessation, the first day on which
such Reference Rate is no longer available; 
(b)
in respect of a Non-Approval Event, the date on which the relevant authorisation, registration,
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval, inclusion in any official register or
regulatory or legal requirement is required under any applicable law or regulation in order for
any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity to perform its obligations in respect
of the Notes; 
(c)
in respect of a Rejection Event, the date on which, following the rejection or refusal of the
relevant application for authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, an equivalence
decision, approval or inclusion in any official register, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any
other entity is not permitted under any applicable law or regulation to perform its obligations in
respect of the Notes; and 
(d)
in respect of a Suspension/Withdrawal Event, the date on which following (A) the suspension
or withdrawal by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body of the relevant
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval, or (B)
the date on which such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate
is removed from the official register, as applicable, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any
other entity is not permitted under any applicable law or regulation to perform its obligations in
respect of the Notes; 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity
directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes "control" means
ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity or person or, if the Calculation Agent determines
appropriate, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the First Entity,
whether by contract, or otherwise;

--- Page 73 ---
- 57 -
"Alternative Industry Standard Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, a rate that is, in the
determination of the Calculation Agent, recognised or acknowledged as being an industry standard (or
otherwise customarily widely adopted) replacement rate for over-the-counter derivative transactions
which reference such Reference Rate (which may include (i) an interpolation of other tenors of such
Reference Rate, (ii) a rate or fall-back rate, or methodology for calculating a rate or fall-back rate, (iii) a
rate selected or recommended by a relevant trade association, working group, task-force or committee or
(iv) a rate that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Nominating Body for the currency of
such Reference Rate), which recognition or acknowledgment may, but does not have to, be in the form
of a press release, a member announcement, a member advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard
terms or otherwise by ISDA or any other industry body, or relevant trade association, working group,
task-force or committee; 
"Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, any interest rate,
index, benchmark or other price source which is formally designated, nominated or recommended by:
(a)
any Relevant Nominating Body; or
(b)
the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate,
in each case, to replace such Reference Rate. If a replacement interest rate, index, benchmark or other
price source is designated, nominated or recommended under both paragraphs (a) and (b) above, then the
replacement interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source designated, nominated or recommended
under paragraph (a) shall be the Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate; 
"Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the first of the
indices, benchmarks or other price sources specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms which
is not subject to a Reference Rate Event; 
"Amortised Face Amount" means, in respect of Zero Coupon Notes, an amount calculated in
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y
where: 
RP
means the Reference Price; 
AY
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms which will be either
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or Early
Redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable
and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal
to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or Early Redemption or (as the case may
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be
360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date
fixed for redemption or Early Redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365); 
"Associated Costs" means an amount per principal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation
Amount equal to such Notes' pro rata share of the total amount of any and all costs associated or incurred
by the Issuer, any Affiliate and/or Hedging Party in connection with an early redemption, including,
without limitation, any costs associated with unwinding, substituting, re-establishing and/or incurring
any funding relating to the Notes and/or any costs associated with unwinding, substituting, re-
establishing and/or incurring any Hedging Arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 74 ---
- 58 -
"Benchmark" means any figure by reference to which any amount payable or deliverable under the
Notes, or the value of the Notes, is determined in whole or in part, all as determined by the Calculation
Agent; 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate any of the
following has occurred or will occur: 
(a)
any material change in such Reference Rate (including, but not limited to, any material change
to the definition of, or the methodology or formula for the determination of, such Reference
Rate or other means of calculating such Reference Rate) (a "Benchmark Modification");
(b)
permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Reference Rate (a
"Benchmark Cessation"); or 
(c)
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Reference Rate such that any
of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity is unable to perform its obligations in
respect of the Notes (a "Prohibition of Use"); 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended from time to
time; 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a)
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day or (ii) in relation
to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Principal Financial Centre of the
Specified Currency; and
(b)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in
each (if any) Additional Business Centre specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms (other
than T2);
(c)
and if T2 is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as an Additional Business Centre, a
TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant
Applicable Transaction Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, may
have different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall
have the following meanings: 
(a)
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b)
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding
day that is a Business Day; 
(c)
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d)
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Applicable
Transaction Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such
date occurred provided, however, that:

--- Page 75 ---
- 59 -
(i)
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in
that calendar month; 
(ii)
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business
Day; and 
(iii)
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e)
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any
Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Person specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms as the
party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" means, in relation to any Notes, (i) where the Notes have only one Specified
Denomination, such Specified Denomination, and (ii) where the Notes have more than one Specified
Denomination, the lowest common factor of those Specified Denominations; 
"Cash Settled Notes" means Notes for which settlement will be by way of cash settlement, as provided
in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Cut-off Date" means, in respect of a Reference Rate and: 
(a)
an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the later of (a) 60 Business Days following the day on
which the Calculation Agent determines that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred
and (b) the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date; or 
(b)
a Reference Rate Cessation Event, the later of (i) 60 Business Days following the day on which
a relevant public statement is made or relevant information is published in respect of a Reference
Rate Cessation Event and (ii) the Reference Rate Cessation Event Date; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any
period of time not comprising a complete year (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the
"Calculation Period") such day count fraction as may be specified in these conditions or the relevant
Applicable Transaction Terms and: 
(a)
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i)
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii)
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any
year; and 
(B)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year;

--- Page 76 ---
- 60 -
(b)
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation
Period divided by 365; 
(d)
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period
divided by 360; 
(e)
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 =[360 × (𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which
case D2 will be 30; 
(f)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, means the number of days in the
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 =[360 × (𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 77 ---
- 61 -
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;
(g)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 =[360 × (𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30;
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last
day of the Calculation Period; and 
(h)
if "1/1" or "1" is so specified, one; 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, if "Not Applicable" is specified in respect
of the Day Count Fraction in the Applicable Transaction Terms, no Day Count Fraction will be taken
into account in the calculation of any interest in respect of the Notes; 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount
(which may be expressed as a percentage of the Calculation Amount or an amount per Calculation
Amount) as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Applicable Transaction
Terms. If "Market Value less Associated Costs" is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, this
amount will be the fair market value of such Notes less Associated Costs. The Early Redemption Amount
will be subject where applicable to the provisions of the definition "Fair Market Value Interest Element"; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other
amount (which may be expressed as a percentage of the Calculation Amount or an amount per
Calculation Amount) as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Applicable
Transaction Terms and subject where applicable to the provisions of the definition "Fair Market Value
Interest Element"; 
"Equity Linked Notes" means Single Share Linked Notes, Share Basket Linked Notes, Single Share
Index Linked Notes, Share Index Basket Linked Notes, each as defined in Annex 1 (Provisions relating
to Equity Linked Notes) of these Conditions; 
"Euro-zone" means the member states of the European Union that are participating in the third stage of
European Monetary Union;

--- Page 78 ---
- 62 -
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Fair Market Value Interest Element" means, if "Fair Market Value Interest Element" is specified as
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, then notwithstanding any other provision in the
Conditions, no amount of accrued interest will be payable on early redemption of the Notes, but the Early
Redemption Amount (Tax) or Early Redemption Amount (as applicable) will take into account or (as
applicable and without double counting) be increased by the fair market value (if any) of the interest
element of the relevant Notes; 
"Final Payout" shall be in each case the amounts payable in accordance with paragraph 2.2 (Final
Payouts Formula(e)) of the Payout Conditions, as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms
or Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be). 
"Final Redemption Amount" shall be an amount in respect of each Calculation Amount equal to, the
Calculation Amount multiplied by: (i) the percentage or (ii) the Final Payout, in each case as specified
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be). For the
avoidance of doubt, if the Final Payout is zero or negative, no amount shall be payable on the final
redemption of the Note; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"General Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that (1) a
General Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur or (2) any authorisation,
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register
in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been,
or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant
competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case, with the effect that the Issuer or the
Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or
regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes
or (3) it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of Benchmark in connection with the Notes
from the perspective of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or the Issuer or the Calculation Agent suffers
or will suffer an increased cost, in each case, as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes
in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the
Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or
perform its obligations in respect of the Notes and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not
renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence) or
(4) there has been a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of the relevant Benchmark announcing that the relevant Benchmark is no longer, or as of
a specified future date will no longer be, representative of any relevant underlying market(s); 
"General Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any of
the following: 
(a)
any material change in such Benchmark; 
(b)
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; or 
(c)
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark; 
"Hedging Arrangements" means any underlying or related transaction(s), asset(s) or trading position(s)
or arrangements the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents may enter into or hold from time to time
(including, if applicable, on a portfolio basis) to hedge directly or indirectly and whether in whole or in
part the credit or other price risk or funding of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with
respect to the Notes;
"Hedging Party(ies)" means the Issuer and, if any, the entity with which the Issuer agrees the Hedging
Transaction(s);

--- Page 79 ---
- 63 -
"Hedging Transaction" means any transaction that the Issuer enters into in order to hedge its
obligations in respect of the Notes; 
"IBOR Fallback Rate Adjustments Rule Book" means the IBOR Fallback Rate Adjustments Rule
Book published by Bloomberg Index Services Limited (or a successor provider as approved and/or
appointed by ISDA from time to time) as updated from time to time in accordance with its terms; 
"Industry Standard Adjustment" means, in respect of a Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread,
the fixed spread adjustment published by Bloomberg Index Services Limited (or a successor provider as
approved and/or appointed by ISDA from time to time) for the purpose of calculating fallback rates under
the IBOR Fallback Rate Adjustments Rule Book (or any successor publication), or any other spread or
formula or methodology for calculating a spread or payment (as applicable), that is, in the determination
of the Calculation Agent, recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard (or being otherwise
customarily widely adopted) for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference such Reference
Rate (which may include (i) a spread or payment (as applicable) selected or recommended by a relevant
trade association, working group or committee or (ii) a spread or payment (as applicable) that has been
selected or recommended by the Relevant Nominating Body for the currency of such Reference Rate),
which recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of a press release, a member announcement,
a member advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard terms or otherwise by ISDA or any other
industry body; 
"Index Linked Notes" means Equity Linked Notes other than Single Share Linked Notes and Share
Basket Linked Notes; 
"Instalment Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable
in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date of issue of the Notes (the "Issue Date") or such other
date as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Applicable Transaction
Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to an Interest Rate and Interest Period, the date
specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or, if none is so specified, the day falling two
TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Euro;
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified
as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms
and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms: 
(a)
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b)
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant
Applicable Transaction Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur
in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention
at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the
case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other
case); 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment
Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment
Date; 
"Interest Rate" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or calculated or determined
in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms;

--- Page 80 ---
- 64 -
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto ("ISDA"), as amended or supplemented from time
to time (the "2006 Definitions"), provided that if the Calculation Agent determines this is appropriate
by reference to the hedging arrangements for the relevant series of Notes, ISDA Definitions will mean
any successor definitional booklet to the 2006 Definitions as supplemented from time to time for interest
rate derivatives, all as determined as of the date of the relevant determination under this Condition; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction
Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction
Terms; 
"Non-Approval Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the Calculation
Agent that one or more of the following events has occurred: 
(a)
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in
respect of such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate has not
been or will not be obtained; 
(b)
such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate has not been or will
not be included in an official register; or
(c)
such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate does not or will not
fulfil any legal or regulatory requirement applicable to the Notes, the Issuer or the Calculation
Agent or such Reference Rate, 
in each case, as is or will be required under any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer,
the Calculation Agent and any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. For the
avoidance of doubt, a Non-Approval Event shall not be deemed to occur if at the time of occurrence or
continuation of any event described above, each of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity
is permitted to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes;
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal
Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Clean-Up Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding
Principal Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction
Terms; 
"Other Reference Item" means a reference item other than a share index, a share, a reference item rate,
a foreign exchange rate or a reference rate, as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement for the
purpose of determining any interest payable or the redemption amount in respect of the relevant Note; 
"Other Reference Item Linked Interest Note" means any Reference Item Linked Note in relation to
which one or more interest amounts payable in respect of such Note are determined by reference to an
Other Reference Item; 
"Other Reference Item Linked Note" means an Other Reference Item Linked Interest Note or an Other
Reference Item Linked Redemption Note;

--- Page 81 ---
- 65 -
"Other Reference Item Linked Redemption Note" means any Reference Item Linked Note in relation
to which the redemption amounts payable in respect of such Note are determined by reference to an Other
Reference Item; 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means the paid-up amount of each Calculation Amount from time
to time; 
"Payout Conditions" means the terms and conditions applicable to payouts set out in Annex 4
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts) of this Conditions. 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association,
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that
currency provided, however, that in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such
Member State of the European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the
case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent;
"Priority Fallback" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, if the definition of such Reference Rate
includes a reference to a concept defined or otherwise described as an "index cessation event" (regardless
of the contents of that definition or description), any fallback specified in that definition or description
to apply following such an event (which may include, amongst others, the replacement of such Reference
Rate with a replacement reference rate and/or the application of an adjustment spread to such replacement
reference rate); 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption
Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Amortised Face Amount (in respect of Zero Coupon
Notes) or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined
in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or, if none,
four (or if the Principal Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the Calculation Agent
in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Item" means one or more underlying reference assets, entities or bases, as may be specified
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Reference Item Linked Note" means a Note whose return (whether in respect of any interest payable
on such Note and/or its redemption amount or the assets deliverable in respect of such Note) is linked to
one or more Reference Items, including share indices, shares, reference item rate(s), foreign exchange
rates or reference rates or any Other Reference Item as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction
Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means one of EURIBOR, Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or
Compounded Daily €STR, any rate (including any swap rate) to be determined pursuant to Condition
4(b)(iv) or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any other rate, as specified in the relevant Applicable
Transaction Terms. To the extent that a Replacement Reference Rate is determined to be used in respect
of the Notes, such Replacement Reference Rate shall be a "Reference Rate" for the Notes during the
period in which it is used; 
"Reference Rate Cessation Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the
Calculation Agent that one or more of the following events has occurred: 
(a)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such
Reference Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide such Reference Rate
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is
no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Reference Rate;

--- Page 82 ---
- 66 -
(b)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of such Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of such Reference Rate,
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Reference Rate, a
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Reference Rate or a court
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such
Reference Rate which states that the administrator of such Reference Rate has ceased or will
cease to provide such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide
such Reference Rate;
(c)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of such Reference Rate announcing that the regulatory supervisor has determined
that such Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be,
representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Reference Rate is
intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored; or 
(d)
any event which otherwise constitutes an "index cessation event" (regardless of how it is
actually defined or described in the definition of such Reference Rate) in relation to which a
Priority Fallback is specified;
"Reference Rate Cessation Event Date" means, in respect of a Reference Rate and the occurrence of
a Reference Rate Cessation Event, the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the first day on
which such Reference Rate is no longer provided or, if earlier, the first day on which such Reference
Rate is no longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Reference Rate
is intended to measure (where applicable); 
"Reference Rate Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the Calculation
Agent that one or more of the following events has occurred: 
(a)
a Reference Rate Cessation Event; or 
(b)
an Administrator/Benchmark Event, 
provided that if, in respect of such Reference Rate, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise
constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation
Event, or (ii) both a Reference Rate Cessation Event and an Administrator/Benchmark Event would
otherwise be continuing at the same time, it will in either case constitute a Reference Rate Cessation and
will not constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event, unless the date that would
otherwise have been the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date would have occurred prior to the relevant
Reference
Rate
Cessation
Event
Date,
in
which
case,
such
event
will
constitute
an
Administrator/Benchmark Event;
"Regular Period" means: 
(a)
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments,
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b)
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c)
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period,
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period;

--- Page 83 ---
- 67 -
"Rejection Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the Calculation Agent
that the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body rejects or refuses or will reject or
refuse any application for authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, an equivalence decision,
approval or inclusion in any official register which, in each case, is or will be required in relation to the
Notes, such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate under any applicable
law or regulation for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity to perform its
obligations in respect of the Notes; 
"Relevant Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Applicable Transaction
Terms or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received by the
Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so
received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Relevant Market Data" means, in relation to any determination by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent,
any relevant information including, without limitation, one or more of the following types of information: 
(a)
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant market supplied by one or more
third parties including, without limitation, alternative benchmarks, relevant rates, prices, yields,
yield curves, volatilities, spreads, correlations or other relevant market data in the relevant
market, unless such information is not readily available or, if used to make a determination,
would produce a result that is not commercially reasonable; or 
(b)
information of the type described in paragraph (a) above from the Issuer's or the Calculation
Agent's internal sources if that information is of the same type used by the Issuer or the
Calculation Agent, as applicable, for adjustments to, or valuations of, similar transactions. 
Third parties supplying market data pursuant to paragraph (a) above may include, without limitation,
central counterparties, exchanges, dealers in the relevant markets, end-users of the relevant product,
information vendors, brokers and other recognised sources of market information; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate:
(a)
the central bank for the currency in which such Reference Rate is denominated or any central
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising either such Reference
Rate or the administrator of such Reference Rate; or
(b)
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (A) the central bank for
the currency in which such Reference Rate is denominated, (B) any central bank or other
supervisor which is responsible for supervising either such Reference Rate or the administrator
of such Reference Rate, (C) a group of those central banks or other supervisors, or (D) the
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Applicable
Transaction Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service
or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to
the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Replacement Reference Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(a)
the Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate (if any); or

--- Page 84 ---
- 68 -
(b)
(A) if paragraph (a) above does not apply, an Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate or
Alternative Industry Standard Rate for such Reference Rate, or (B) if the Calculation Agent
determines that there is no Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate or Alternative Industry
Standard Rate that is appropriate in relation to the Notes, any other interest rate, index,
benchmark or other price source that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially
reasonable alternative for such Reference Rate; 
"Share Linked Notes" means Equity Linked Notes other than Single Share Index Linked Notes and
Share Index Basket Linked Notes. 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" means, in relation to any Notes, the denomination or denominations of
such Notes specified as such in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms and may be expressed as (i)
a currency amount or (ii) a currency amount and integral multiples of a second currency amount in excess
of such currency amount; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Suspension/Withdrawal Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the
Calculation Agent that one or more of the following events has occurred: 
(a)
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws or will
suspend or withdraw any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence
decision or approval in relation to such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such
Reference Rate which is or will be required under any applicable law or regulation in order for
any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity to perform its obligations under
the Notes; or
(b)
such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate is or will be
removed from any official register where inclusion in such register is or will be required under
any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any
other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not occur if, at the time of occurrence
or continuation of any event described above, each of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other
entity is permitted to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor system; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open. 
2.
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a)
Bearer Notes 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"). 
Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, save in the case of Bearer Notes which do not
bear interest or which are Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in which case references to
interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date) and Coupons in these
Conditions are not applicable. Any Bearer Note, the principal amount of which is redeemable
in instalments, is issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Receipts and Coupons shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered
by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Bearer Note, Receipt
or Coupon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Bearer Note,

--- Page 85 ---
- 69 -
Receipt or Coupon, as the case may be, for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on
account thereof and for all other purposes, whether or not such Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon,
shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any
writing thereon made by anyone. 
In these Conditions, "holder" (in relation to a Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon) means the bearer
of any Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon (as the case may be).
(b)
Definitions 
Capitalised terms have the meanings given to them herein, the absence of any such meaning
indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. All capitalised terms which are not
defined in these conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Applicable
Transaction Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Bearer Notes. 
3.
Guarantee and Status 
(a)
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and the Receipts and Coupons relating thereto constitute direct, unconditional,
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and rateably without
any preference among the obligations of the Issuer in respect of other Notes of the same Series
of the Issuer and (subject to any applicable statutory exceptions and without prejudice as
aforesaid) at least pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and
monetary obligations of the Issuer, present and future. 
(b)
Guarantee 
The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment of all sums
expressed to be payable and/or delivery of all assets expressed to be deliverable by the Issuer
under the Notes, Receipts and Coupons. The obligations of the Guarantor in respect of the Notes
constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured senior preferred obligations
(créditos ordinarios preferentes) of the Guarantor and rank pari passu without any preference
in respect of other Notes of the same Series and in the event of the insolvency (declaración de
concurso) of the Guarantor (unless they qualify as subordinated obligations (créditos
subordinados) under Article 281 of the Insolvency Law or equivalent legal provision which
replaces it in the future, and subject to any applicable legal and statutory exceptions) will rank
pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated senior preferred
obligations (créditos ordinarios preferentes) of the Guarantor, except for: 
(i)
such payment obligations that are preferred by law under Articles 242, 270 and 280 of
the Insolvency Law; 
(ii)
any deposits described in Additional Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015; and 
(iii)
such payment obligations that are qualified as senior non-preferred obligations under
Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015. 
Its obligations in that respect (the "Guarantee") are contained in the Guarantee. 
The claims of all creditors against the Guarantor considered as senior preferred obligations of
the Guarantor (créditos ordinarios preferentes) will be satisfied pro rata in insolvency. Senior
preferred obligations (créditos ordinarios preferentes) rank above senior non-preferred
obligations
(créditos
ordinarios
no
preferentes),
subordinated
obligations
(créditos
subordinados) and shareholder claims. 
Pursuant to Article 152 of the Insolvency Law, the further accrual of interest (other than the
interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the lower of the value of the
asset subject to the security or the maximum secured liability under the relevant security) shall
be suspended from the date of declaration of the insolvency of the Guarantor. Claims of

--- Page 86 ---
- 70 -
Noteholders in respect of interest accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency
procedure in respect of the Guarantor (other than the interest accruing under secured liabilities
up to an amount equal to the lower of the value of the asset subject to the the security or the
maximum secured liability under the relevant security) shall constitute subordinated claims
against the Guarantor ranking in accordance with the provisions of Article 281 of the Insolvency
Law (including, without limitation, after claims on account of principal in respect of
contractually subordinated obligations of the Guarantor in respect of instruments not qualifying
as Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments of the Guarantor). 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are also subject to the application of the 
general bail-in tool by the relevant resolution authority pursuant to the Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive and Law 11/2015. 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of the Guarantor arising
on or after 3 February 2005, any indebtedness of the Issuer or any other person or entity in the form of,
or represented by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which are or are capable of
being quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter market or other
securities market (for which purpose any such bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities
shall be deemed not to be capable of being so quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in if the terms of the issue
thereof expressly so provide) and where more than 50% thereof in aggregate principal amount are
initially offered, sold or distributed outside the Kingdom of Spain ("Spain"); provided, however, that
Relevant Indebtedness shall not include any indebtedness which is secured upon, or has a preferential
right to, a specified pool of assets or revenues present or future, including, without limitation, cédulas
hipotecarias issued in accordance with Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, of 2 November, on the transposition
of European Union Directive 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of 27 November 2019 on the
issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision, as amended or superseded from time to
time ("Cédulas Hipotecarias"). 
4.
Interest Provisions 
(a)
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(i)
Application: This Condition 4(a) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note
Provisions are specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms as being
applicable. 
(ii)
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at
the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as
provided in Condition 6 (Payments) and Condition 4(b)(vii) (Reference Item Linked
Interest Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount due is
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in
accordance with this Condition 4(a) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever
is the earlier of (A) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that
day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (B) the day which is
seven days after the Principal Paying Agent (as the case may be) has notified the
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh
day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment and/or
delivery). 
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount: If a Fixed Coupon Amount is specified in
the Applicable Transaction Terms, the amount of interest payable in respect of each
Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the
Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed
Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. If a Broken
Amount is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the amount of interest
payable in respect of the specified Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Broken
Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the
relevant Broken Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination.

--- Page 87 ---
- 71 -
(iv)
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note
for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is not specified
shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount,
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure shall
be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market
convention and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a
"sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in
the case of euro, means one cent. 
(b)
Floating Rate Notes, Reference Item Linked Notes and Other Reference Item Linked Interest 
Notes 
(i)
Application: This Condition 4(b) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate
Note Provisions, Equity Linked Note Provisions or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate
Linked Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms as
being applicable in relation to the determination of interest or if the Other Reference
Item Linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Applicable
Transaction Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be) as being applicable. 
(ii)
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at
the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as
provided in Condition 6 (Payments) and Condition 4(b)(vii) (Reference Item Linked
Interest Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount due is
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in
accordance with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is
the earlier of (A) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (B) the day which is seven
days after the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received
all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that
there is any subsequent default in payment and/or delivery). 
(iii)
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant
Applicable Transaction Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest or Rate
is/are to be determined, then, subject to the provisions of Condition 4(e), such Rate of
Interest or the relevant Rate in respect of an Interest Period will be determined by the
Calculation Agent on the following basis and the Rate of Interest or Rate shall be
determined in accordance with Condition 4(b)(v) (in the case of Floating Rate Notes)
or Condition 4(b)(vii) (in the case of Reference Item Linked Interest Notes): 
(A)
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant
Interest Determination Date; 
(B)
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean
of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(C)
if a Reference Rate Event has not occurred and, in the case of (A) above, such
rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than two
such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page
is unavailable, the Rate of Interest or Rate will be such rate as is determined
by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable
manner having regard to the nearest comparable benchmarks or other
reference source(s) then available.

--- Page 88 ---
- 72 -
(iv)
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Applicable
Transaction Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest or Rate is/are to be
determined, the Rate applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the
relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a
rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA
Definitions) for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A)
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
(B)
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period
specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; and 
(C)
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) unless otherwise
specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, has the meaning
given to it in the ISDA Definitions;
provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has not
occurred but such ISDA Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the ISDA
Definitions read with the above provisions and prior to the application of fallbacks in
the ISDA Definitions (including, where applicable, any Reference Dealer (as defined
in the ISDA Definitions) quotations or fallbacks set out in Supplement number 70 to
the 2006 ISDA Definitions (Amendments to the 2006 ISDA Definitions to include new
IBOR fallbacks)) then, the ISDA Rate for the Relevant Determination Date shall be
such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially
reasonable manner having regard to the nearest comparable benchmarks or other
reference source(s) then available.Where ISDA Determination is specified in the
applicable Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be
determined, unless otherwise stated in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(v)
Rate of Interest: the Rate of Interest in relation to the Notes (other than Reference Item
Linked Interest Notes) shall be determined as follows: 
(A)
If "Margin Plus Rate" is specified as applicable in the relevant Applicable
Transaction Terms, the Rate of Interest will be equal to the Margin plus the
Rate; 
(B)
If "Specified Percentage Multiplied by Rate" is specified in the relevant
Applicable Transaction Terms, the Rate of Interest will be equal to the
Specified Percentage multiplied by the Rate; or 
(C)
If "Difference in Rates" is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction
Terms, the Rate of Interest will be equal to the Specified Percentage
multiplied by (Rate – Rate 2), each of Rate and Rate 2 to be determined in
accordance with Condition 4(b)(iii) or (iv), as applicable. 
(D)
SONIA 
Compounded Daily SONIA – non Index Determination 
If the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction
Terms as being Compounded Daily SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each
Interest Period will, subject as provided below and save where Index
Determination applies, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus the Margin (if
any), as calculated by the Calculation Agent:

--- Page 89 ---
- 73 -
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means the rate of return of a daily compound
interest investment (with the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average as the
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation
Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date (as further specified in the
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) in accordance with the following
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (where in the relevant Applicable
Transaction Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the
relevant Interest Period or (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction
Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant SONIA
Observation Period; 
"d0" means (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Lag" is
specified as the Observation Method) for any Interest Period, the number of
London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period or (where in the relevant
Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation
Method) for any SONIA Observation Period, the number of London Banking
Days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the
first London Banking Day (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction
Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest
Period or (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is
specified as the Observation Method) the SONIA Observation Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any calendar day (other than a
Saturday and Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency
deposits) in London; 
"ni", for any day "i", means the number of calendar days from and including
such day "i" up to but excluding the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of London Banking
Days specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms)
the number of London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back
Period specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms;
"SONIA Observation Period" means the period from and including the date
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date; 
"SONIA Reference Rate", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average
("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on
the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as

--- Page 90 ---
- 74 -
otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the London Banking
Day immediately following such London Banking Day); and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means:
(a)
where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Lag" is
specified as the Observation Method, (save as specified in the
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) in respect of any London
Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA
Reference Rate for the London Banking Day falling "p" London
Banking Days prior to such day; or 
(b)
where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is
specified as the Observation Method, (save as specified in the
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) SONIAi, where SONIAi is,
in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant
SONIA Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for such
London Banking Day. 
Compounded Daily SONIA – Index Determination
If the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction
Terms as being Compounded Daily SONIA, and Index Determination is
specified as being applicable in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms,
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated by reference to
the screen rate or index administered by the administrator of the Sterling
Overnight Index Average reference rate that is published or displayed by such
administrator or other information service from time to time at the relevant
time on the relevant determination dates specified below, as further specified
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms (the "SONIA Compounded
Index") and the following formula and the following formula and the
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place,
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. Such Rate of Interest will be plus the
Margin (if any), as calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SONIA rate = (
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑌
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑋−1) ×
365
𝑑
where: 
"x" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined
in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period;
"y" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined
in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation
to which "x" is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which
"y" is determined;
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any calendar day (other than a
Saturday and Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency
deposits) in London; and 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction
Terms.

--- Page 91 ---
- 75 -
(E)
SOFR 
Compounded Daily SOFR – non Index Determination
If the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction
Terms as being Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each
Interest Period will, subject as provided below and save where Index
Determination applies, be Compounded Daily SOFR plus the Margin (if any),
as calculated by the Calculation Agent: 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means the rate of return of a daily compound
interest investment (with the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as the
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation
Agent on the Interest Determination Date (as further specified in the relevant
Applicable Transaction Terms) as follows, and the resulting percentage will
be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being
rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (where in the relevant Applicable
Transaction Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the
relevant Interest Period or (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction
Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant SOFR
Observation Period;
"d0", means (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Lag" is
specified as the Observation Method) for any Interest Period, the number of
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period or
(where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is specified as
the Observation Method) for any SOFR Observation Period, the number of
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant SOFR Observation
Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day
(where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Lag" is specified as
the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest Period or (where in the
relevant
Applicable
Transaction
Terms "Shift" is
specified
as
the
Observation Method) the SOFR Observation Period; 
"ni", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means the number
of calendar days from and including, such U.S. Government Securities
Business Day up to but excluding the following U.S. Government Securities
Business Day;
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of U.S. Government
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction
Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms)
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the
Observation Look-Back
Period
specified
in
the relevant Applicable
Transaction Terms;

--- Page 92 ---
- 76 -
"SOFR Reference Rate", in respect of any U.S. Government Securities
Business Day ("USBDx"), is a reference rate equal to the daily secured
overnight financing ("SOFR") rate for such USBDx as provided by the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any
successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website
or the website of any successor administrator for the publication of such rate
(the "New York Federal Reserve’s Website") (in each case, on or about
5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the U.S. Government Securities Business
Day immediately following such USBDx) or if the New York Federal
Reserve’s Website is unavailable as otherwise published by or on behalf of
the relevant administrator; 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" means: 
(a)
where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms"Lag" is
specified as the Observation Method, (save as specified in the
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) in respect of any U.S.
Government Securities Business Day "i" falling in the relevant
Interest Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for the U.S. Government
Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities
Business Days prior to such day; or 
(b)
where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is
specified as the Observation Method, (save as specified in the
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) SOFRi, where SOFRi is, in
respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" falling
in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR Reference Rate
for such day;
"SOFR Observation Period" means in respect of each Interest Period, the
period from and including the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities
Business Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to but excluding
the date p U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the relevant
Interest Payment Date; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day,
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and
Financial
Markets
Association
recommends
that
the
fixed
income
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of
trading in U.S. government securities. 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Index Determination
If the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SOFR, and Index Determination
is specified as being applicable in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms,
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated by reference to
the following formula and based on the SOFR Index (as defined below), as
further specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms and the
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point e.g., 9.876541% (or .09876541) being
rounded down to 9.87654% (or .0987654) and 9.876545% (or .09876545)
being rounded up to 9.87655% (or .0987655). Such Rate of Interest will be
plus the Margin (if any), all as calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SOFR = (
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) × (
360
𝑑𝑐)
where:

--- Page 93 ---
- 77 -
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction
Terms; 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the
Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding
the first date of the relevant Interest Period; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the
Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding
the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period; 
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities
Business Day, the SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York, as the administrator of such index (or any successor
administrator of index) as such index appears on the website of the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor
website or the website of any successor administrator for the publication of
such index at 3:00 pm New York City time; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day,
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and
Financial
Markets
Association
recommends
that
the
fixed
income
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of
trading in U.S. government securities; and 
"dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation
to which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation
to which SOFR IndexEnd is determined. 
(F)
€STR 
If the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction
Terms as being Compounded Daily €STR, the Rate of Interest for each
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR
plus the Margin (if any), as calculated by the Calculation Agent, as applicable
(as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) calculated as
immediately set out below. 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro
short term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the
nearest fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in (where in the relevant Applicable
Transaction Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the
relevant Interest Period or (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction
Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant €STR
Observation Period; 
"d0" is the number of TARGET Business Days in (where in the relevant
Applicable Transaction Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method)
the relevant Interest Period or (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction

--- Page 94 ---
- 78 -
Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant €STR
Observation Period; 
"€STR Observation Period" means the period from (and including) the day
falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant
Interest Period to (but excluding) the day falling "p" TARGET Business
Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date; 
"€STR Reference Rate", in respect of any TARGET Business Day, is a
reference rate equal to the daily euro short term ("€STR") rate for such
TARGET Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as the
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the
website
of
the
European
Central
Bank
at
https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html,
or
any
successor
website or the website of any successor administrator for the publication of
such rate (the "ECB's Website") (in each case, on or about 9.00am., Central
European Time, on the TARGET Business Day immediately following such
TARGET Business Day) or if the ECB’s Website is unavailable as otherwise
published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator; 
"€STRi-pTBD" means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day "i", the
€STR reference rate for the TARGET Business Day falling "p" TARGET
Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET Business Day "i"; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "d0", each representing the
relevant TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and including,
the first TARGET Business Day in (where in the relevant Applicable
Transaction Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the
relevant Interest Period or (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction
Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant €STR
Observation Period; 
"ni", for any TARGET Business Day "i", means the number of calendar
days from and including such TARGET Business Day "i" up to but excluding
the following TARGET Business Day; 
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of TARGET Business
Day specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms)
the number of TARGET Business Days included in the Observation Look-
Back Period specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Relevant €STRi" means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day "i": 
(a)
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant
Applicable Transaction Terms, €STRi-pTBD; or 
(b)
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant
Applicable Transaction Terms, €STRi-, where €STRi- is, in respect
of any TARGET Business Day "i" falling in the relevant €STR
Observation Period, the €STR Reference Rate for such day; and 
"TARGET Business Day" or "TBD" means a day on which the T2 is open. 
(vi)
Subject as provided in Condition 4(e), if in respect of any relevant determination date
a relevant component value required for the determination of a Daily Compounded
SONIA, Daily Compounded SOFR or Daily Compounded €STR, as applicable, has
not been provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any
successor administrator) or authorised distributors or the relevant website is not

--- Page 95 ---
- 79 -
available, the relevant value in respect of such determination date will be the last such
value provided prior to the relevant unavailability. 
(vii)
Reference Item Linked Interest Notes: In the case of Reference Item Linked Interest
Notes or Other Reference Item Linked Interest Notes, where the Rate of Interest and/or
the Interest Amount (whether on any Interest Payment Date, early redemption,
maturity or otherwise) is to be determined by reference to one or more Reference Items,
the Rate of Interest and/or the Interest Amount shall be determined where applicable
as provided below, in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms and, where
applicable, the Payout Conditions. If the Applicable Transaction Terms specify that
the Interest Amounts for such Reference Item Linked Interest Notes or Other
Reference Item Linked Interest Notes is calculated as fixed amounts, each Interest
Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to
the Calculation Amount. 
(viii)
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, then the
Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the
minimum so specified. Unless otherwise stated in the Applicable Transaction Terms,
the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero and in no event shall the Rate
of Interest be less than zero. 
(ix)
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable
after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each
Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such
Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest
for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the
relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of
the relevant Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of
the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro,
means one cent. 
(x)
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms specifies
that any other amount is to be calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation
Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is
to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated
by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Applicable
Transaction Terms. 
(xi)
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any
other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment
date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted
to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination.
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent
will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant
Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified
Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest
Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount
in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(xii)
Notifications, etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations,
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this
Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding
on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the

--- Page 96 ---
- 80 -
Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to
the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its
powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(c)
Dual Currency Note Provisions 
(i)
Application: This Condition 4(c) is applicable to the Notes only if the Dual Currency
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms as being
applicable. 
(ii)
Rate of Interest: If the rate or amount of interest falls to be determined by reference to
an exchange rate, the rate or amount of interest payable shall be determined in the
manner specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(d)
Zero Coupon Notes 
Application: This Condition 4(d) is applicable only if the Zero Coupon Notes provisions are
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as being applicable. Zero Coupon Notes are
Notes issued on a non-interest bearing basis and are offered and sold at a discount (other than a
de minimis discount) to its nominal amount or at par and to which Zero Coupon Notes
provisions are expressed to be applicable. 
(e)
Reference Rate Event 
(i)
Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event 
(A)
Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Conditions, if the Calculation
Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of a
Reference Rate, then: 
(1)
if ISDA Determination applies pursuant to Condition 4(b)(iv), the
Calculation Agent determines that such Reference Rate Event
constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation Event in respect of the
Floating Rate Option for a Reference Rate and if one or more Priority
Fallback(s) are specified in the definition of such Floating Rate
Option in the ISDA Definitions, then subject as provided below such
Priority Fallback(s) shall apply and the Calculation Agent shall,
without the consent of the Noteholders, make such other adjustments
to the Conditions (including, but not limited to, any Business Day,
Business
Day
Convention,
Day
Count
Fraction,
Interest
Determination Date, Interest Amount, Interest Payment Date,
Interest Period and Rate of Interest) in order to account for the effect
of applying such Priority Fallback(s) and/or to preserve as nearly as
practicable the economic equivalence of the Notes before and after
the application of such Priority Fallback(s) either (i) on the
arithmetic mean of the applicable prices or middle market quotations
provided to it by two or more financial institutions engaged in the
trading of the relevant underlying, (ii) in its absolute and sole own
discretion, or (iii) according to the determinations made by the
calculation agent to any Hedging Transactions. Fallbacks in the
ISDA Definitions (including where applicable any reference bank
quotations or fallbacks set out in Supplement number 70 to the 2006
ISDA Definitions (Amendments to the 2006 ISDA Definitions to
include new IBOR fallbacks)) will only be followed as provided for
in this paragraph, if applicable, and subject as provided below; or 
(2)
If ISDA Determination does not apply pursuant to Condition 4(b)(iv)
or (x) the specified Priority Fallback(s) fail to provide any
appropriate means of determining the rate of interest, or (y) the
Calculation Agent determines either (i) on the arithmetic mean of the

--- Page 97 ---
- 81 -
applicable prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two
or more financial institutions engaged in the trading of the relevant
underlying, (ii) in its absolute and sole own discretion, or (iii)
according to the determinations made by the calculation agent to any
Hedging Transactions, that the application of the Priority Fallback(s)
and/or any such adjustments would not achieve a commercially
reasonable result for either the Issuer or the Noteholders or that it
would be impracticable to apply the Priority Fallback(s) and/or to
make any adjustments to the Conditions, or (z) no Priority
Fallback(s) are specified in the definition of such Floating Rate
Option in the ISDA Definitions, then the Calculation Agent shall,
subject as provided below, seek to identify a Replacement Reference
Rate in respect of such Reference Rate. If the Calculation Agent
identifies a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of such
Reference Rate prior to the Cut-off Date it shall: 
(x) 
seek to determine the related Adjustment Spread; and 
(y) 
determine the amendments (if any) to the Conditions of the
Notes which it considers are necessary and/or appropriate
according either (i) on the arithmetic mean of the applicable
prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or
more financial institutions engaged in the trading of the
relevant underlying, (ii) in its absolute and sole own
discretion, or (iii) according to the determinations made by
the calculation agent to any Hedging Transactions, in order
to
replace
such
Reference
Rate
with
the
relevant
Replacement
Reference
Rate
(as
adjusted
by
the
Adjustment Spread) (the "Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments"). 
Following the determination by the Calculation Agent of the
Replacement Reference Rate and the related adjustments, the
Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of such determination and
the Conditions of the Notes shall be amended as of the Cut-off Date.
Prior to the Cut-off Date, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders in
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) of the occurrence of the
relevant Reference Rate Event and the action to be taken in relation
thereto.
(B)
If the relevant Reference Rate Event is a Benchmark Modification, as an
alternative to Condition 4(e)(i)(A) above, the Calculation Agent may instead
prior to the Cut-off Date:
(1)
determine that no Replacement Reference Rate or other amendments
to the Conditions of the Notes are required as a result of such
Benchmark Modification; or
(2)
determine the adjustment(s) to the Conditions of the Notes as are
necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such material
change and the effective date of any such adjustment(s) according
either (i) on the arithmetic mean of the applicable prices or middle
market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions
engaged in the trading of the relevant underlying, (ii) in its absolute
and sole own discretion, or (iii) according to the determinations
made by the calculation agent to any Hedging Transactions. 
Following any such determination, the Calculation Agent shall notify the
Issuer of the action, if any, to be taken in relation thereto and, where
adjustment(s) are required to be made to the Conditions of the Notes pursuant

--- Page 98 ---
- 82 -
to Condition 4(e)(i)(B)(2) above, the Conditions shall be amended as of the
relevant effective date and the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders in
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) of the occurrence of the relevant
Benchmark Modification and the action to be taken in relation thereto. No
notice to Noteholders is required where Condition 4(e)(i)(B)(1) above
applies. 
(ii)
Early Redemption 
If:
with respect to any Reference Rate Event, the Calculation Agent determines either (i)
on the arithmetic mean of the applicable prices or middle market quotations provided
to it by two or more financial institutions engaged in the trading of the relevant
underlying, (ii) in its absolute and sole own discretion, or (iii) according to the
determinations made by the calculation agent to any Hedging Transactions, that (1) it
is not possible or commercially reasonable to identify a Replacement Reference Rate
and/or determine any Adjustment Spread or the related Replacement Reference Rate
Amendments prior to the Cut-off Date in accordance with Condition 4(e)(i)(A); or (2) 
(A)
with respect to a Benchmark Modification, the Calculation Agent determines
that Condition 4(e)(i)(B) above applies, but that it is not possible or
commercially reasonable to make any amendments to the Conditions of the
Notes which it determines are required following the occurrence of the
Benchmark Modification prior to the Cut-off Date in accordance with such
Condition 4(e)(i)(B) above; 
(B)
it (i) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or
regulation or (ii) would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, for
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to perform the actions prescribed in these
Conditions (or it would be unlawful or would contravene those licensing
requirements were a determination to be made at such time);
(C)
the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Spread is or would be a
benchmark, index or other price source whose production, publication,
methodology or governance would subject the Issuer or the Calculation Agent
to material additional regulatory obligations (such as the obligations for
administrators under BMR); or
(D)
the Calculation Agent determines that having identified a Replacement
Reference Rate and determined an Adjustment Spread on or before the Cut-
off Date in accordance with these Conditions, the adjustments provided for
would not achieve a commercially reasonable result for either the Issuer or
the Noteholders,
the Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13
(Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable after the relevant determination and the
Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes on a day selected by the Issuer,
each Note being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount, together with, if so
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, accrued interest. 
(iii)
Interim Adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to the Cut-off Date, the relevant
Reference Rate is required for any determination in respect of the Notes: 
(A)
if (1) in relation to a Reference Rate Cessation Event, the Reference Rate
Cessation Event Date has not yet occurred, or (2) in relation to an
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date
has not yet occurred, the level of such Reference Rate shall be determined

--- Page 99 ---
- 83 -
pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of such Reference
Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or 
(B)
otherwise, the level of such Reference Rate shall be determined by the
Calculation Agent either (i) on the arithmetic mean of the applicable prices or
middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions
engaged in the trading of the relevant underlying, (ii) in its absolute and sole
own discretion, or (iii) according to the determinations made by the
calculation agent to any Hedging Transactions, by reference to either (i) the
rate published in respect of such Reference Rate at the time such Reference
Rate is ordinarily determined on the day immediately prior to (1) the
Reference Rate Cessation Event Date or (2) the Administrator/Benchmark
Event Date, as applicable or, if no rate is published at the time or that rate
cannot be used in accordance with applicable law or regulation, by reference
to the rate published at that time on the last day on which the rate was
published or can be used in accordance with applicable law or regulation, as
applicable or (ii) such other rate that is, in the determination of the Calculation
Agent as abovementioned, recognised or acknowledged as being an industry
standard (or otherwise customarily widely adopted) replacement rate or, if the
Calculation Agent determines there is no such replacement rate, such other
interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source that the Calculation
Agent determines (as stated above) to be a commercially reasonable
alternative for such Reference Rate and the Issuer shall give notice to the
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as reasonably
practicable of the action to be taken in relation thereto. 
(iv)
Determinations 
Any adjustment to the Conditions of the Notes (including the determination of any
adjustment spread or factor, however defined) which the Calculation Agent determines
either (i) on the arithmetic mean of the applicable prices or middle market quotations
provided to it by two or more financial institutions engaged in the trading of the
relevant underlying, (ii) in its absolute and sole own discretion, or (iii) according to the
determinations made by the calculation agent to any Hedging Transactions, is
necessary or appropriate pursuant to the above provisions of this Condition 4(e)
(Reference Rate Event): 
(A)
shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, taking into account
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without
limitation, the derivatives market) and Relevant Market Data; 
(B)
may include, where applicable and without limitation, (1) technical,
administrative or operational changes (including without limitation, changes
to determination dates, timing and frequency of determining rates and making
payments, rounding of amounts or tenors, the introduction of any time delay
or lag between the calculation or observation period of a rate and the related
payment dates and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent
determines are appropriate, (2) the application of any adjustment factor or
adjustment spread (whether or not expressly referenced in the relevant
provision and which may be positive or negative) and (3) adjustments to
reflect any increased costs to the Issuer of providing exposure to the
replacement or successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s); and 
(C)
may be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more
effective dates and may (but does not have to) involve the selection of a
successor or replacement rate which is determined on a backwards-looking
compounding basis by reference to a "risk-free rate". 
For the avoidance of doubt, (I) the Calculation Agent is not obliged to make any
determination in relation to any Reference Rate Event if the relevant Cut-off Date

--- Page 100 ---
- 84 -
would fall after the earlier of (x) the date the relevant Reference Rate is no longer used
to determine any amount payable under the Notes and (y) the Maturity Date of the
Notes and (II) the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent may make all determinations
and/or adjustments and take all actions in respect of the Notes as are provided for in
connection with a Reference Rate Event, notwithstanding that such Reference Rate
Event may have occurred before the Issue Date of the Notes. 
5.
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a)
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note will be
redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date. 
(b)
Redemption for taxation reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest
Payment Date or, if so specified thereon, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than
60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption
Amount (Tax), (subject as provided below, together with interest accrued to the date fixed for
redemption), if (i) the Issuer (or, if the Guarantee were called, the Guarantor) has or will become
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation) as a result
of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Luxembourg or any political
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment
becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, and (ii) such obligations cannot be avoided by the
Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it, provided
that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on
which the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) would be obliged to pay such additional
amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes (or either Guarantee, as the case may be) were
then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the
Issuer shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by a director of the Issuer
(or the Guarantor, as the case may be) stating that the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may
be) is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) so to redeem
have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect
that the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case maybe) has or will become obliged to pay such
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
(c)
Redemption or adjustment for a General Administrator/Benchmark Event 
In the event that a General Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer may (at its
option): 
(i)
instruct the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to the Conditions of the Notes
as it may determine appropriate to account for the relevant event or circumstance and,
without limitation, such adjustments may (a) consist of one or more amendments
and/or be made on one or more dates (b) be determined by reference to any
adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event or circumstance made in relation to any
hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes and (c) include selecting a successor
benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to the Conditions of the Notes including,
where applicable, adding an adjustment spread (which may be positive or negative) or
any adjustment to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing exposure to the
replacement or successor benchmark(s) and, in the case of more than one successor
benchmark, making provision for allocation of exposure as between the successor
benchmarks; or 
(ii)
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at its Early
Redemption Amount.

--- Page 101 ---
- 85 -
Prior to the effective date of any adjustment or any date of early redemption, the Issuer shall
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) of the occurrence of
the relevant General Administrator/Benchmark Event and the action to be taken in relation
thereto. 
For the avoidance of doubt, other than as provided in Condition 4(e), the above is additional,
and without prejudice, to any other terms of the Notes. In the event that under any such terms
any other consequences could apply in relation to an event or occurrence the subject of a General
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer shall determine which terms shall apply in its sole
and absolute discretion. 
(d)
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and any of the Guarantor's Subsidiaries may at any time purchase
Notes (provided that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons appertaining thereto are attached or
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(e)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call) and Exercise of Issuer's Options 
(i)
Subject to paragraph (iv) below, if so provided hereon, the Issuer may on giving
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders of, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable
Transaction Terms, not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days, redeem, or exercise
any Issuer's option in relation to, all or, if so provided, some of the Notes in the
principal amount or integral multiples thereof and on the date or dates so provided.
Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (Call)
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
(ii)
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's
option shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this
Condition. 
(iii)
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect
of Notes, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the serial numbers of the Notes
to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place as the Principal Paying
Agent may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance
with any applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation
system requirements. 
(iv)
Notes to be redeemed shall have been drawn in such place as the Principal Paying
Agent may approve in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with
any applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system
requirements. 
(f)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Call) 
If the Clean-Up Call Option is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms as being
applicable, and if 75 per cent. or any higher percentage specified in the relevant Applicable
Transaction Terms (the "Clean-Up Percentage") of the initial aggregate nominal amount of
the Notes originally issued (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include any further Notes
issued and consolidated with the Notes as part of the same Series) have been redeemed or
purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may, at its option, by giving
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice (the "Clean-Up Call Notice") (or such other
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) (which notice
shall specify the date fixed for redemption and shall be irrevocable), to the Noteholders, redeem
such outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their Optional Redemption Amount (Clean-
Up Call), together with any accrued and unpaid interest (if any) up to (but excluding) the date
of redemption, on the date fixed for redemption identified in the Clean-Up Call Notice. 
(g)
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and holders' Exercise of Noteholder's Options

--- Page 102 ---
- 86 -
(i)
Subject to paragraph (ii) below, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such
Note, redeem such Note on the date or dates so provided at its Optional Redemption
Amount (Put) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
(ii)
To exercise such option or any other option of a holder of Bearer Notes which may be
set out hereon the holder must deposit such Note with any Paying Agent at its specified
office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice ("Exercise Notice") in
the form obtainable from any Paying Agent or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) not
less than 30 and not more than 60 days prior to the relevant date fixed for redemption.
No Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in
the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer.
(h)
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 5, each
Note which provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts will be partially redeemed
on each Instalment Date at the Instalment Amount specified on it, whereupon the outstanding
principal amount of such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount for all purposes. 
(i)
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor's
subsidiaries may be surrendered for cancellation, by surrendering each such Note together with
all unmatured Receipts and Coupons to the Principal Paying Agent and, if so surrendered, will,
together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all
unmatured Receipts and Coupons attached thereto and surrendered therewith). Any Notes so
surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer and
the Guarantor in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(j)
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 5(a), 5(b), 5(e), 5(f) or 5(g) above, or upon it becoming due
and repayable as provided in Condition 9, is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due
and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount
calculated as provided in Condition 1 above as though the references therein to the date fixed
for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable
were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been
paid; and 
(ii)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice
to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(k)
Buy-Back 
The Noteholders reserve the right, by giving to the Issuer a period of notice (which notice shall
be irrevocable), to buy-back such Note before its scheduled Maturity Date. In such case, the
Issuer may, at its sole option, upon the expiry of such notice, buy-back such Note by paying a
buy-back price as agreed by the Noteholder and the Issuer from time to time.
6.
Payments 
(a)
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes will, subject as mentioned below,
be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of
Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipts

--- Page 103 ---
- 87 -
are presented for payment together with its relative Note), Notes (in the case of all other
payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6(d)(v) (Unmatured
Coupons and Receipts)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition
6(d)(ii) (Unmatured Coupons and Receipts)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any
Paying Agent outside the United States by transfer to an account denominated in that currency
with, a bank in the principal financial centre of that currency; in the case of Euro, by transfer to,
a Euro account to which Euro may be credited or transferred as specified by the payee. 
(b)
Payments Subject to Laws, Regulations and Directives  
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and
directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation), (ii) any
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official
interpretations thereof or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (any
such withholding or deduction "FATCA Withholdings"), and (iii) any withholding or
deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code (any such withholding or deduction,
"871(m) Withholding"). In addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding
imposed with respect to any amounts to be paid on the Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled to
withhold on any "dividend equivalent" (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code)
at the highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption from, or reduction
in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law. Payments on the Notes that
reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities may be calculated by reference
to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70%. In such case, in
calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer
will be deemed to withhold, 30% of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section
871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any
additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld.
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of
such payments. 
(c)
Appointment of Agents  
The Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed
by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Principal Paying Agent,
the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor
and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. The
Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of
the Principal Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint
additional or other agents provided that the Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Principal Paying
Agent, (ii) a Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require one, (iii) Paying Agents in
relation to Notes having a specified office in at least one major European city, other than the
jurisdiction in which the Issuer or the Guarantor is incorporated, and (iv) if, and for so long as
the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock
exchange and/or quotation system, such other agents as are required by such competent
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
(d)
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts 
(i)
Unless the Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due
date for redemption of those Notes, Bearer Notes should be presented for payment
together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, failing which an
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing
unmatured Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due)
will be deducted from the Redemption Amount due for payment. Any amount so

--- Page 104 ---
- 88 -
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing
Coupon within a period of ten years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 8
(Prescription). 
(ii)
If the relevant Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note,
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void
and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note which is redeemable in
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or
after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall
be made in respect of them. 
(iv)
Where any Bearer Note which provides that the relative Coupons are to become void
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without
all unmatured Coupons. 
(v)
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest,
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note representing it. Interest
accrued on a Note which only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate
representing it, as the case may be. 
(e)
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Business Day, the
holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Business Day nor to any interest
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment.
7.
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor shall be made without
set-off, counterclaim, fees, liabilities or similar deductions, and free and clear of, and without deduction
or withholding for any taxes, levies, duties, assessments or charges of any nature now or hereafter
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the Kingdom of
Spain or any political subdivision or any taxing authority thereof or therein ("Taxes") unless such
deduction or withholding is required by law. If the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, is required
by law or regulation to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of Taxes, the Issuer, or, as
the case may be, the Guarantor shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law or regulation, pay such
additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the bearer of the Notes
or the holder or beneficial owner of any interest herein or rights in respect hereof, after such deduction
or withholding shall equal the amount which would have been receivable hereunder in the absence of
such deduction or withholding, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable:
(a)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, the bearer of the Notes or the holder or beneficial owner of
any interest herein or rights in respect hereof where such deduction or withholding is required
by reason of the holder having some connection with the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the
Kingdom of Spain, other than the mere holding of and payment in respect of this Note; or 
(b)
in respect of any deduction or withholding which would not have been required but for the
presentation by the bearer of this Note for payment on a date more than 15 days after the
Maturity Date or, if applicable, the relevant Interest Payment Date or (in either case) the date
on which payment hereof is duly provided for, whichever occurs later; or 
(c)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder which is resident in a jurisdiction (i) which has not
entered into a Double Taxation Treaty with Spain; or (ii) which has entered into a Double

--- Page 105 ---
- 89 -
Taxation Treaty with Spain that does not provide for a full exemption for payments made under
this Note; or 
(d)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who would have been able to fully or partially avoid
such withholding or deduction by presenting this Note to another paying agent in a member
state of the European Union; or 
(e)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who would have been able to fully or partially avoid
such withholding or deduction by authorising the relevant paying agent to report information in
accordance with the procedure laid down by the relevant tax authority or by delivering, in the
form required by the relevant tax authority, a declaration, claim, certificate, document or other
evidence establishing exemption or reduction therefrom, including, for the avoidance of doubt,
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who would have been able to fully or partially avoid
such withholding or deduction by complying with the Guarantor’s request addressed to the
holder or the beneficial owner to provide a valid certificate of tax residence duly issued by the
tax authorities of the country of tax residence of the holder or the beneficial owner of any Note
confirming that the holder or the beneficial owner is (i) resident for tax purposes in a Member
State of the European Union (other than Spain), or in a member state of the European Economic
Area (other than Spain) with which there is an effective exchange of tax information with Spain
and not considered a non-cooperative jurisdiction pursuant to Spanish law (as defined in the
First Additional provision of Law 36/2006, of 29 November, on prevention measures and
actions against tax fraud, as amended through Law 11/2021, of 9 July and/or any other
regulation which may develop, replace, amend, restate or supplement this from time to time) ;
or (ii) resident for tax purposes in a jurisdiction with which Spain has entered into a tax treaty
to avoid double taxation, which makes provision for full exemption from tax imposed in Spain
on interest and within the meaning of the referred tax treaty. 
(f)
where such withholding or deduction is imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described
in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), or
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations
thereunder of official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the
United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or
regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement)
(any such withholding or deduction, a FATCA Withholding). Neither the Issuer nor any other
person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding.
In addition, no additional amounts will be payable with respect to any Taxes that are imposed in respect
of any combination of the items set forth above. 
8.
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer and the Guarantor for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons
shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years
(in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof. 
For this purpose, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which the payment in respect of the Note or
the Coupon first becomes due and payable. However, if the full amount of the moneys payable on such
date has not been received by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such date, the "Relevant Date" 
means the date on which such moneys shall have been so received and notice to that effect shall have
been given to the Holders in accordance with Clause 13 (Notices). 
The Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996 requires that, in the event that (i) an opposition has been filed
in relation to the Bearer Notes or Coupons (if any) and (ii) the Bearer Notes mature prior to becoming
forfeited (as provided for in the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996), any amount that is payable under
the Bearer Notes or Coupons (if any), but has not yet been paid to the holders of such Bearer Notes or
Coupons (if any), will be paid to the Caisse des consignations in Luxembourg until the opposition has
been withdrawn or the forfeiture of the Bearer Notes occurs.

--- Page 106 ---
- 90 -
9.
Events of Default  
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing, the holder of a
Note of any Series may give written notice to the Principal Paying Agent, at its specified office that such
Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the Redemption Amount of such Note, subject as provided
below, together with, accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable; 
(a)
if default is made in the payment of any interest or principal due in respect of the Notes or any
of them and such default continues for a period of seven days; or 
(b)
if the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under or in
respect of the Notes, the Guarantee or the Agency Agreement and (except in the case where
such failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter
mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 days next following the
service by a holder of a Note on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c)
if any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of the Issuer or the Guarantor
becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described)
or the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for
Borrowed Money on the due date for such payment or within any originally applicable grace
period or any security given by the Issuer or the Guarantor for any Indebtedness for Borrowed
Money becomes enforceable and steps are taken to enforce the same or if default is made by the
Issuer or the Guarantor in making any payment when due (or within any applicable grace period
in respect thereof) under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other person, provided that no such event as
aforesaid shall constitute an Event of Default unless the Indebtedness for Borrowed Money or
other liability relative thereto either alone or when aggregated with other Indebtedness for
Borrowed Money and/or other liabilities relative to all (if any) other such events which shall
have occurred shall amount to at least EUR 100 million (or its equivalent in any other currency);
or
(d)
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding-up,
examination or dissolution of the Issuer or the Guarantor unless it is done in connection with a
merger, amalgamation or reconstruction or other form of business combination with another
company (in the case of the Guarantor, such company to be part of a financial group) and that
company assumes all the obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in
connection with the Notes, whether by express assumption or by application of law; or 
(e)
if the Issuer or the Guarantor ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of
its business, except for the purposes of a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation or other form
of business combination with another company (in the case of the Guarantor, such company to
be part of a financial group) and that company assumes all the obligations of the Issuer or the
Guarantor, as the case may be, in connection with the Notes, whether by express assumption or
by application of law, or the Issuer or the Guarantor stops, suspends or threatens to stop or
suspend payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay all or a material part of its debts
(or any class thereof) as they fall due, or proposes or makes a general assignment or an
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of
such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or
any class of) the debts of the Issuer or the Guarantor, or is deemed unable to pay its debts
pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is (or could be deemed by law or a
court to be) adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(f)
if (i) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or the Guarantor under any applicable
liquidation, insolvency, examination, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an
application is made for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, examiner,
manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager,
administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer or the Guarantor or
in relation to the whole or a part of the undertaking or assets of either of them, or an
encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a part of the undertaking or assets of either of
them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced

--- Page 107 ---
- 91 -
upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or a part of the undertaking or assets of any of
them and (ii) in any case is not discharged within 14 days; or 
(g)
if the Issuer or the Guarantor initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under
any applicable liquidation, examination, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other
similar laws or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any
composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); or 
(h)
the Issuer ceases to be wholly owned and controlled by the Guarantor; or 
(i)
any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any necessary consent,
approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or registration) at any time
required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer and the Guarantor lawfully
to enter into, exercise their respective rights and perform and comply with their respective
obligations under the Notes and the Guarantee, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legally
binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes and the Guarantee admissible in evidence
in the courts of Ireland or Spain is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(j)
if the Guarantee ceases to be a valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor or it becomes
unlawful for the Guarantor to perform its obligations under the Guarantee or the Guarantee is
claimed by the Issuer or the Guarantor not to be in full force and effect; or 
(k)
any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect to
any of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs including, but not limited to,
concurso de acreedores. 
As used herein "Indebtedness for Borrowed Money" means (a) money borrowed and premiums and
accrued interest in respect thereof, (b) liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance
credit or (c) the principal and premium (if any) and accrued interest in respect of any bonds, notes,
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock, certificates of deposit or other securities whether issued for cash
or in whole or in part of a consideration other than cash. 
10.
Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications 
The Noteholders’ interests shall be protected and Noteholders shall be represented by the Meeting of
Noteholders or the Syndicate of Noteholders, as specified in the Final Terms or the Pricing Supplement.
Representation of the Noteholders by the Syndicate of Noteholders will be mandatory if conditions of
Article 41 of the Spanish Securities Markets and Investment Services Law (Ley 6/2023, de 17 de marzo,
de los Mercados de Valores y de los Servicios de Inversión) are complied with.
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders 
1.
a)
If Meeting of Noteholders applies in accordance with this Section, the Issuer may at
any time and, if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 10% in
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall convene
a Meeting of the Noteholders and, if the Issuer fails for a period of seven days to
convene the meeting, the meeting may be convened by the relevant Noteholders.
Whenever the Issuer is about to convene any meeting it shall immediately give notice
in writing to the Principal Paying Agent of the day, time and place (which need not be
a physical place and instead may be by way of conference call, including by use of a
videoconference or electronic platform) of the meeting and the nature of the business
to be transacted at the meeting. Every meeting shall be held at a time and place
approved by the Principal Paying Agent. 
b)
At least 21 clear days’ notice specifying the place, day and hour of the meeting shall
be given to the Noteholders in the manner provided in Condition 13 (Notices). The
notice, which shall be in the English language, shall state generally the nature of the
business to be transacted at the meeting and, in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution

--- Page 108 ---
- 92 -
only, shall either (a) specify the terms of the Extraordinary Resolution to be proposed
or (b) inform Noteholders that the terms of the Extraordinary Resolution are available
free of charge from the Principal Paying Agent, provided that, in the case of (b), such
resolution is so available in its final form with effect on and from the date on which
the notice convening such meeting is given as aforesaid. The notice shall (i) include
statements as to the manner in which Noteholders are entitled to attend and vote at the
meeting or (ii) inform Noteholders that details of the voting arrangements are available
free of charge from the Principal Paying Agent, provided that, in the case of (ii) the
final form of such details are available with effect on and from the date on which the
notice convening such meeting is given as aforesaid. A copy of the notice shall be sent
by post to the Issuer (unless the meeting is convened by the Issuer). 
c)
The person (who may, but need not, be a Noteholder) nominated in writing by the
Issuer (the "Chairperson") shall be entitled to take the chair at each meeting but if no
nomination is made or if at any meeting the person nominated is not present within 15
minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting the Noteholders present shall
choose one of their number to be Chairperson, failing which the Issuer may appoint a
Chairperson. The Chairperson of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as
was Chairperson of the meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
d)
At any meeting one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in
the aggregate not less than 5% of the nominal amount of the Notes for the time being
outstanding shall (except for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary Resolution) form
a quorum for the transaction of business and no business (other than the choosing of a
Chairperson in accordance with Condition 10(a)1.c)) shall be transacted at any meeting
unless the required quorum is present at the commencement of business. The quorum
at any meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject as provided
below) be one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the
aggregate not less than 50% of the nominal amount of the Notes for the time being
outstanding provided that at any meeting the business of which includes any of the
following matters (each of which shall only be capable of being effected after having
been approved by Extraordinary Resolution): 
(i)
to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment
Date or any date for payment of interest thereon,
(ii)
to reduce or cancel the principal amount of any Instalment Amount of, or any
premium payable on redemption of, the Notes,
(iii)
to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the
method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the
basis for calculating the Interest Amount in respect thereof,
(iv)
if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Interest Rate, Instalment Amount or
Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or
Maximum,
(v)
to change any method of calculating the Redemption Amount,
(vi)
to change the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the
Notes,
(vii)
to take any steps which as specified hereon may only be taken following
approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum
provisions apply, or
(viii)
to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of
Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution,
will only be binding if passed at a meeting of the Noteholders (or at any

--- Page 109 ---
- 93 -
adjournment thereof) at which a special quorum (provided for in the Agency
Agreement) is present;
the quorum shall be one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing
in the aggregate not less than two thirds of the nominal amount of the Notes for the
time being outstanding. 
e)
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the
Chairperson may decide) after the time appointed for any meeting a quorum is not
present for the transaction of any particular business, then, subject and without
prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the
meeting shall, if convened by Noteholders or if the Issuer was required by Noteholders
to convene such meeting pursuant to Condition 10(a)1.a), be dissolved. In any other
case it shall be adjourned to the same day of the next week (or if that day is a public
holiday the next following business day) at the same time and place (except in the case
of a meeting at which an Extraordinary Resolution is to be proposed in which case it
shall be adjourned for a period being not less than 14 clear days nor more than 42 clear
days and at a place appointed by the Chairperson and approved by the Principal Paying
Agent). If within 15 minutes (or a longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the
Chairperson may decide) after the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum
is not present for the transaction of any particular business, then, subject and without
prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the
Chairperson may either dissolve the meeting or adjourn it for a period, being not less
than 14 clear days (but without any maximum number of clear days) and to a place as
may be appointed by the Chairperson (either at or after the adjourned meeting) and
approved by the Principal Paying Agent, and the provisions of this sentence shall apply
to all further adjourned meetings. 
f)
At any adjourned meeting one or more Eligible Persons present (whatever the nominal
amount of the Notes so held or represented by them) shall (subject as provided below)
form a quorum and shall (subject as provided below) have power to pass any
Extraordinary Resolution or other resolution and to decide upon all matters which
could properly have been dealt with at the meeting from which the adjournment took
place had the required quorum been present, provided that at any adjourned meeting
the business of which includes any of the matters specified in the proviso to Condition
10(a)1.d) the quorum shall be one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or
representing in the aggregate not less than one-third in the nominal amount of the Notes
for the time being outstanding. 
g)
Notice of any adjourned meeting at which an Extraordinary Resolution is to be
submitted shall be given in the same manner as notice of an original meeting but as if
ten were substituted for 21 in Condition 10(a)1.b) and the notice shall state the relevant
quorum. Subject to the foregoing it shall not be necessary to give any notice of an
adjourned meeting. 
2.
a)
Every question submitted to a meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show
of hands and in the case of an equality of votes the Chairperson shall both on a show
of hands and on a poll have a casting vote in addition to the vote or votes (if any) to
which he may be entitled as an Eligible Person. 
b)
At any meeting, unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show
of hands) demanded by the Chairperson or the Issuer or by any Eligible Person present
(whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held by him), a declaration by the
Chairperson that a resolution has been carried or carried by a particular majority or lost
or not carried by a particular majority shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without
proof of the number or proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against the
resolution.

--- Page 110 ---
- 94 -
c)
Subject to Condition 10(a)2.e) if at any meeting a poll is demanded it shall be taken in
the manner and, subject as provided below, either at once or after an adjournment as
the Chairperson may direct and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the
resolution of the meeting at which the poll was demanded as at the date of the taking
of the poll. The demand for a poll shall not prevent the continuance of the meeting for
the transaction of any business other than the motion on which the poll has been
demanded. 
d)
The Chairperson may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any meeting,
adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place. No business shall be
transacted at any adjourned meeting except business, which might lawfully (but for
lack of required quorum) have been transacted at the meeting from which the
adjournment took place. 
e)
Any poll demanded at any meeting on the election of a Chairperson or on any question
of adjournment shall be taken at the meeting without adjournment. 
f)
Any director or officer of the Issuer and its lawyers and financial advisers may attend
and speak at any meeting. Subject to this, but without prejudice to the proviso to the
definition of "outstanding" in the Agency Agreement, no person shall be entitled to
attend and speak nor shall any person be entitled to vote at any meeting of the
Noteholders or join with others in requiring the convening of a meeting unless he is an
Eligible Person. 
g)
Subject as provided in Condition 10(a)2.f), at any meeting: 
i.
on a show of hands every Eligible Person present shall have one vote; and 
ii.
on a poll every Eligible Person present shall have one vote in respect of each
EUR 1.00 or such other amount as the Principal Paying Agent shall in its
absolute discretion specify the nominal amount of the Notes in respect of
which he is an Eligible Person. 
h)
A meeting of the Noteholders shall in addition to the powers set out above have the
following powers exercisable only by Extraordinary Resolution (subject to the
provisions relating to the quorum contained in Conditions 10(a)1.d) and 10(a)1.f),
namely: 
i.
power to approve any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made
between the Issuer and the Noteholders; 
ii.
power to approve any abrogation, modification, compromise or arrangement
in respect of the rights of the Noteholders against the Issuer or against any of
its property whether these rights arise under the Agency Agreement, these
Conditions or the Notes or otherwise; 
iii.
power to agree to any modification of the provisions contained in the Agency
Agreement, these Conditions or the Notes, which is proposed by the Issuer; 
iv.
power to give any authority or approval which under the provisions of this
Condition 10 or the Notes is required to be given by Extraordinary
Resolution; 
v.
power to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or
committees to represent the interests of the Noteholders and to confer upon
any committee or committees any powers or discretions which the
Noteholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
vi.
power to approve any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the
Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes into, or the cancellation of the Notes

--- Page 111 ---
- 95 -
in consideration of, shares, stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock
and/or other obligations and/or securities of the Issuer or any other company
formed or to be formed, or for or into or in consideration of cash, or partly for
or into or in consideration of shares, stock, notes, bonds, debentures,
debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or securities as stated above and
partly for or into or in consideration of cash; and 
vii.
power to approve the substitution of any entity in place of the Issuer (or any
previous substitute) as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes. 
i)
Any resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and held shall
be binding upon all the Noteholders whether present or not present at the meeting and
whether or not voting and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the resolution
accordingly and the passing of any resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the
circumstances justify its passing. Notice of the result of voting on any resolution duly
considered by the Noteholders shall be published in accordance with Condition 13
(Notices) by the Issuer within 14 days of the result being known provided that non-
publication shall not invalidate the resolution. 
j)
The expression "Extraordinary Resolution" when used in this Condition 10 means
a resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and held in
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 10 by a majority consisting of not less
than 75% of the persons voting on the resolution upon a show of hands or, if a poll was
duly demanded, by a majority consisting of not less than 75% of the votes given on the
poll. 
k)
Subject to Condition 10(a)2.a), to be passed at a Meeting of the Noteholders duly
convened and held in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 10, a resolution
(other than an Extraordinary Resolution) shall require a majority of the persons voting
on the resolution upon a show of hands or, if a poll was duly demanded, a majority of
the votes given on the poll. 
l)
Minutes of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting shall be made and duly
entered in books to be from time to time provided for that purpose by the Issuer and
any minutes signed by the Chairperson of the meeting at which any resolution was
passed or proceedings had transpired shall be conclusive evidence of the matters
contained in them and, until the contrary is proved, every meeting in respect of the
proceedings of which minutes have been made shall be deemed to have been duly held
and convened and all resolutions passed or proceedings had transpired at the meeting
to have been duly passed or had. 
m)
For the purposes of calculating a period of clear days, no account shall be taken of the
day on which a period commences or the day on which a period ends. 
n)
The initial provisions governing the manner in which Noteholders (including
accountholders in the European Clearing Systems) may attend and vote at a meeting
of the holders of Notes are set out in the Agency Agreement. The Principal Paying
Agent may without the consent of the Issuer or the Noteholders prescribe any other
regulations regarding such manner of attendance and voting as the Principal Paying
Agent may in its sole discretion think fit. Notice of any such regulations may be given
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) and/or at the time of service
of any notice convening a meeting. 
o)
For the purposes of this Condition 10, "Eligible Persons" means those Noteholders
or persons (being duly appointed proxies or representatives of such Noteholders) that
are entitled to attend and vote at a Meeting of the Noteholders, for the purposes of
which no person shall be entitled to vote at any such meeting in respect of the Notes
held by or for the benefit, or on behalf, of the Issuer.

--- Page 112 ---
- 96 -
These Conditions may be supplemented, amended, modified, or replaced in relation to any
Series of Notes by the terms of the applicable Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus in
relation to such Series. These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes
by the terms of the applicable Final Terms in relation to such series. 
For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to the Issuer, Articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the
Companies Act, are hereby excluded. 
(b)
Syndicate of Noteholders and Modification 
If Syndicate of Noteholders in this section applies, the Noteholders shall meet in accordance
with the regulations governing the relevant Syndicate of Noteholders of (the "Regulations").
The Regulations, which shall have effect as if incorporated herein, contain the rules governing
the functioning of each Syndicate of Noteholders, including the provisions for meetings of such
Syndicate to take place (which need not be a physical place and instead may be by way of
conference call, including by use of a videoconference or electronic platform), and the rules
governing its relationship with the Issuer. A set of pro forma Regulations is included in this
Base Prospectus and in the Agency Agreement. 
A Commissioner will be appointed for each Syndicate and will be specified in the relevant Final
Terms. 
The Issuer may, with the consent of the Paying Agent and the relevant Commissioner, but
without the consent of the Noteholders of any Series or Coupons, amend these Terms and
Conditions, the Notes, the Coupons, the Guarantee and the Paying Agency Agreement, insofar
as they may apply to such Notes to correct a manifest error or to make any modification that is
of a minor, formal or technical nature or to comply with a mandatory provision of law. Subject
as aforesaid, no other modification may be made to these Terms and Conditions, the Notes, the
Coupons, the Guarantee or the Agency Agreement, except with the sanction of a resolution of
the relevant Syndicate of Noteholders. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, 
"Commissioner" means the trustee (comisario) as this term is defined under the the Restated
Spanish Companies Act (Texto Refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital), approved by
Royal Legislative Decree 1/2010, of 2 July (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio, por
el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital) ("Ley de Sociedades 
de Capital") of each Syndicate of Noteholders; and 
"Syndicate" means the syndicate (sindicato) as this term is described under the Ley de
Sociedades de Capital. 
(c)
Modification of Agency Agreement 
The Issuer and the Guarantor shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency
Agreement, which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such modification
shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, and any such
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as
soon as practicable thereafter. 
11.
Replacement of Notes, Receipts and Coupons  
If a Note, Receipt or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject
to applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, at the
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent, as the case may be, as may
from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), in each case on payment by the claimant of
the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and
indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Receipt or

--- Page 113 ---
- 97 -
Coupon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons,
there will be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes,
Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced
Notes, Receipts or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12.
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes and so that the same shall be
consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to "Notes" 
shall be construed accordingly. 
13.
Notices 
Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes will be valid if published on the website of Euronext Dublin
(https://live.euronext.com/) or in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other
relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been
admitted to trading, including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant
authority if required by those rules. If such mechanisms are not available, notices will be validly given
if made through any other means which ensure that the holders of the Notes are duly informed. Any such
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once
or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice to the Holders
of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
Notice of a General Meeting of Noteholders must be given in accordance with the Regulations. 
Copies of any notice given to any Noteholders will be also given to the Commissioner of the Syndicate
of Noteholders of the relevant Series. 
14.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a)
Governing law 
The Notes, Receipts, Coupons and the Guarantee and all non-contractual obligations arising out
of or in connection with the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and the Guarantee are governed by, and
construed in accordance with Spanish law.
For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to the Issuer, Articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the
Companies Act, are hereby excluded.
In addition, no Noteholder may initiate proceedings against the Issuer based on Article 470-21
of the Companies Act. 
(b)
Madrid courts 
Subject to Condition 14(d) (Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside Spain) below,
the courts of Spain have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in
connection with the Notes, Receipts and/or Coupons (including a dispute relating to the
existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination of the Notes, Receipts
and/or Coupons or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes, Receipts and/or Coupons
or the Guarantee) (a "Dispute") and accordingly, each of the Issuer, the Guarantor and any
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholder in relation to any Dispute submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the Madrid Courts.
(c)
Appropriate forum

--- Page 114 ---
- 98 -
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor waives any objection to the courts of Spain on the grounds
that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.
(d)
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside Spain 
Condition 14(b) (Madrid courts) is for the benefit of the holders of the Notes, Receipts and/or
Coupons only. To the extent allowed by law, holders of Notes, Coupons and/or Receipts may,
in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction;
and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions ("Proceedings").
(e)
Direct Rights 
The Issuer and each Noteholder will have agreed that, when each Noteholder elects so, the
relevant Account Holder will immediately acquire the right under this Condition 14 and the
provisions of the Global Notes with regard to the Notes, to claim and receive all payments due
at any time in respect of the relevant portion of the corresponding Notes credited in the securities
account of the Account Holder (the "Direct Rights") and, from that time, the said Noteholders
will have no further rights under the Global Notes with respect to that relevant portion of the
Notes (but without prejudice to the rights which the Noteholder or any other person may have
under the relevant Global Note). 
In this Condition 14, "Account Holder" means a holder of a securities account, except for
Clearstream or Euroclear Luxembourg or a common depositary to the extent that any securities,
or rights in respect of securities, credited to such Clearstream or Euroclear’s securities account
are held by Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg or common depositary for the account or
benefit of a holder of a securities account within Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg or
common depositary. 
15.
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
This Condition 15 only applies to Index Linked Notes and Share Linked Notes. 
(a)
This Condition 15 is applicable only if: 
(i)
Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in
which case any payment under the Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-
in Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii)
Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in
which case any payment under the relevant Notes which is expressed to be subject to
a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
(b)
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Applicable
Transaction Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day at any time during the one-hour period that begins or ends at the
Valuation Time a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event would otherwise have occurred and a
Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists, then the
Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred; provided that if,
by operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination
Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period,
the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a
Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the level or price, as applicable, of
each affected Share Index or Share, as applicable, as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-
out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of Valuation
Date in order to determine whether a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event has occurred. 
(c)
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Applicable
Transaction Terms is any time or period of time other than the Valuation Time during the regular
trading hours on the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day and at any time during the one-hour period that begins or ends at the

--- Page 115 ---
- 99 -
Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out
Event would otherwise have occurred and a Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an
Early Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed
not to have occurred, provided that if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination
Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or
Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period
Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the
level or price, as applicable, of each affected Share Index or Share, as applicable, as at the
Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions
contained in the definition of Valuation Date. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction
Terms, or otherwise each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(a)
greater than; 
(b)
greater than or equal to; 
(c)
less than; or 
(d)
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Level (in the case of Index Linked Notes) or Knock-in Price (in the case of Share Linked
Notes) or (B) within the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in respect of any
Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Knock-in Level" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the Applicable
Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these
Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms
or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in
the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Price" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Applicable
Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these
Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as
such or otherwise determined in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from
time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions; 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day
specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or in the event that the Applicable Transaction
Terms does not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation
Time. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms, being a term
defined in Payout Condition 4.2.

--- Page 116 ---
- 100 -
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms,
or otherwise each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period.
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(a)
greater than; 
(b)
greater than or equal to; 
(c)
less than; or 
(d)
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-out Level (in the case of Index Linked Notes) or Knock-out Price (in the case of Share Linked
Notes) or (B) within the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or (y) in respect of
any Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Knock-out Level" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the Applicable
Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these
Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Price" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Applicable
Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these
Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as
such or otherwise determined in the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to
time in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day
specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or in the event that the Applicable Transaction
Terms does not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the
Valuation Time. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms, being a term
defined in Payout Condition 4.2. 
16.
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
This Condition 16 only applies to Notes other than Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes. 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms,
then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption
Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as specified in the
Applicable Transaction Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be
automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately

--- Page 117 ---
- 101 -
following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or the last day of the relevant Automatic
Early Redemption Valuation Period, as applicable, and the Issuer shall pay an amount in respect of each
Calculation Amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms, being a term defined in
Payout Condition 4.2 (Value Definitions) 
"AER Value Automatic Early Redemption Event" means, in respect of Index Linked Notes and Share
Linked Notes, the AER Value is:
(a)
greater than; 
(b)
greater than or equal to; 
(c)
less than; or 
(d)
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Level (in the case of Index Linked Notes) or Automatic Early
Redemption Price (in the case of Share Linked Notes), (a), (b), (c) or (a) applying as specified in the
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means an amount, in respect of each nominal amount of
Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, being the Automatic Early Redemption Payout set out in the
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction
Terms or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no Noteholder shall
be entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the occurrence of an AER Value Automatic Early
Redemption Event, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as
such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with
the provisions of these Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Payout" is as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Price" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as
such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with
the provisions of these Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Applicable
Transaction Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is
a Disrupted Day, then the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be delayed in accordance
with the corresponding provisions of the definition of Valuation Date which shall apply mutatis mutandis
as if references in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Automatic Early Redemption Valuation
Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the
Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given it in the Applicable
Transaction Terms.

--- Page 118 ---
- 102 -
17.
Additional Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the
meanings set out below: 
"Averaging Date" means, in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to one or more Share Index or
Share Linked Notes relating to one or more Share, each date specified as an Averaging Date in the
Applicable Transaction Terms or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately
following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a
Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a)
if "Omission" is specified as applying in the Applicable Transaction Terms, then such date will
be deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant level, price
or amount provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Dates would
occur, then the Averaging Date will not be omitted and the provisions of the definition of
"Valuation Date" will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount
on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a
Disrupted Day; or 
(b)
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the Applicable Transaction Terms, then the
provisions of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the
relevant level, price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a
Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such
determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to
be an Averaging Date; or 
(c)
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the Applicable Transaction Terms
then: 
(i)
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes or Equity Linked Notes relating to a Single
Share Index or a Single Share, respectively, the Averaging Date shall be the first
succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If the first succeeding Valid Date has not
occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the
occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant
Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be
deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such Scheduled Trading
Day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the
relevant level or price for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (b)(ii)
of the definition of Valuation Date below; 
(ii)
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes or Equity Linked Notes relating to a Share
Index Basket or a Share Basket, respectively, the Averaging Date for each Share or
Share Index, as applicable, shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to every
Share and/or Share Index, as applicable, forming part of the Share Basket and/or the
Share Index Basket, as applicable. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to every
Share or Share Index forming part of the Share Basket or the Share Index Basket, as
applicable, has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading days equal
to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date
that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have
been the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such
Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of every Share or
Share Index, as applicable, forming part of the Share Basket or the Share Index Basket,
as applicable, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price
or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (b)(ii) of the
definition of Valuation Date below;

--- Page 119 ---
- 103 -
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions "Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day
that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to
occur. 
"Coupon Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Observation Date" means, in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to one or more Share Index or
Share Linked Notes relating to one or more Share, each date specified as an Observation Date in the
Applicable Transaction Terms, or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately
following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a
Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to Omission,
Postponement or Modified Postponement, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, contained
in the definition of Averaging Date shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to
Averaging Date were to Observation Date. 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Applicable
Transaction Terms. 
"Redemption Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Redemption Valuation Date in the
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Relevant Asset(s)" means the relevant asset(s) so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Valuation Date" means, in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to one or more Share Index or
Share Linked Notes relating to one or more Share, the Coupon Valuation Date, Strike Date, the
Redemption Valuation Date and/or any other date for valuation of the relevant asset(s) or reference
basis(es), as the case may be, specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if such day is not a
Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of
the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a)
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Share Index, the Valuation Date shall be
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that
case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent
shall determine the Settlement Level by determining the level of the Share Index as of the
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the
formula for and method of calculating the Share Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of
the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted level as of the Valuation Time on
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in the Share Index
(or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the
relevant security, as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading
Day); 
(b)
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Share Index Basket, the Valuation Date for each
Share Index shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in
respect of any Share Index forming part of the Share Index Basket unless each of the number of
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Share
Index forming part of the Share Index Basket. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for each Share Index forming
part of the Share Index Basket, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with

--- Page 120 ---
- 104 -
respect to any Share Index, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Level
using the level of that Share Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive
Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Share
Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded
or determined in accordance with these terms quoted level as of the Valuation Time on the last
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in that Share Index (or, if
an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the
relevant security determined in accordance with these terms as of the Valuation Time on the
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and otherwise in accordance with the above
provisions;
(c)
in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a single Share, the Valuation Date shall be the first
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date,
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall
determine the Settlement Price in accordance with its good faith estimate of the Settlement Price
as of the Valuation Time on that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or
(d)
in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a Share Basket, the Valuation Date for each Share
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of
any Shares forming part of the Share Basket unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating to any Share of the Share Basket. In that
case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation
Date for each Share of the Share Basket, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted
Day with respect to any Share, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement
Price using, in relation to the relevant affected Share, its good faith estimate of the value for the
affected Share as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day
determined in accordance with these terms and otherwise in accordance with the above
provisions; For the purpose of improving the reading and intelligibility in connection with the
applicable meaning of Valuation Date used in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, a
numerical or letter suffix value may be attributed when included in the Applicable Transaction
Terms.

--- Page 121 ---
- 105 -
PRO FORMA REGULATIONS OF THE SYNDICATE OF NOTEHOLDERS 
REGULATIONS OF THE SYNDICATE OF NOTEHOLDERS FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES BY 
BANKINTER INTERNATIONAL NOTES, S.À R.L. 
CHAPTER I 
Article 1. Object. - The object of this Syndicate is to protect the legitimate interests of holders of Notes against
BANKINTER INTERNATIONAL NOTES, S.À R.L. (the Issuer), in accordance with current law and these
Regulations, by using and preserving such interests collectively and through the representation determined by
these Regulations. 
Article 2. Address. - The address of the Syndicate shall be located at [●]. The General Meeting may, however,
take place at any other location in [Madrid] for reasons of convenience, or even by way of conference call or by
use of a videoconference platform, and such location or way to hold the General Meeting shall be specified in the
relevant notice of the meeting. 
Article 3. Duration. - The Syndicate shall exist until all the rights of the holders of the Notes with respect to
principal, interest and any other right have been duly satisfied. The Syndicate shall be automatically dissolved
once all such rights have been so satisfied. 
Article 4. Submission to the Regulations. – By holding any Note, the holder of such Note shall automatically
submit and accept to be bound by the provisions of these Regulations and by any resolutions of the General
Meeting which have been duly passed pursuant to these Regulations and applicable law (even if it has voted
against it or has not voted, but without prejudice to its rights set out in Article 17 below). 
CHAPTER II 
Governance of the Syndicate 
Article 5. Governance. - The governance of the Syndicate lies with the General Meeting and the Commissioner. 
CHAPTER III 
General Meeting 
Article 6. Legal Nature. - A duly convened and constituted General Meeting is the body that expresses the will
of the Syndicate and its resolutions, approved in accordance with these Regulations, will be binding on all
Noteholders in the manner established by applicable law. 
Article 7. Convening General Meetings. - The General Meeting shall be convened by the Board of Managers of
the Issuer or by the Commissioner, whenever they consider it appropriate. However, the Commissioner shall
convene a General Meeting whenever Noteholders representing at least one twentieth of the outstanding Notes
request in writing that a General Meeting is held and specify in such request the aim of such a meeting. In this
case, the General Meeting shall be held within thirty (30) days following the date on which the Commissioner
receives the relevant request. 
Article 8. Method of Convening General Meetings. – The General Meeting shall be convened (i) by publication
on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) or any other relevant exchange where the Notes
are listed and (ii) by mail, or e-mail, to Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing
system, in each case not less than fifteen (15) days prior to the date on which the meeting is due to be held. If the
mechanisms described in (i) and (ii) are not available, the General Meeting shall be convened, not less than fifteen
(15) days prior to the date on which the meeting is due to be held, through any other means which ensure that the
Noteholders are duly informed about the General Meeting.
The notice shall state the date and place where the General Meeting is to be held (or, if no physical meeting is
going to be held, the means through which the General Meeting will be held), the agenda of the General Meeting
and the manner of evidencing title to the relevant Notes in order to be entitled to attend the General Meeting.

--- Page 122 ---
- 106 -
Notwithstanding the above, the General Meeting shall be convened and validly constituted to deal with any matter
so long as all Notes in circulation are in attendance or represented and the attendants and represented Noteholders
unanimously agree that the General Meeting be held. 
Article 9. Right of Attendance. - All Noteholders who have their name registered in the relevant securities
account in relation to at least one outstanding Note not less than five (5) days prior to the date of the General
Meeting shall be entitled to attend such meeting. The Managers of the Issuer shall be entitled to attend the General
Meeting, even if they are not notified about the holding of the General Meeting. 
The Commissioner or the Issuer may approve the attendance of such experts or other advisers as it may deem
necessary. 
The Commissioner will attend the General Meeting even if such meeting has not been convened by the
Commissioner. 
Article 10. Proxies. - All Noteholders with a right to attend the General Meeting shall be entitled to delegate their
representation to any Noteholder. Nevertheless, none of the Directors of the Issuer even though they might be also
Noteholders, shall be entitled to represent any other Noteholder. In addition, any Noteholder entitled to be present
may be represented by the Commissioner. 
The right to represent shall be conferred in writing for each General Meeting. 
Article 11. Adoption of Resolutions. – The General Meeting shall approve valid resolutions by an absolute
majority of affirmative votes in attendance and represented. 
Nevertheless, in order to validly modify either the relevant maturity date or any redemption, conversion or
exchange provisions of the Notes, it will be required that at least two thirds of the outstanding Notes vote in
favour. 
The resolutions approved according to this article shall be binding on all Noteholders, including those that do not
attend or those that dissent. 
Article 12. Chairperson. - The General Meeting shall be chaired by the Commissioner, who shall direct debates,
deem discussions to be ended, as he/she considers appropriate, and rule, in each case, whenever matters should
be subject to a vote. In the absence of the Commissioner, the Noteholder holding the largest number of Notes will
be the chairperson of the General Meeting. 
The president of the General Meeting may appoint a secretary who may or may not be a Noteholder.
Article 13. Holding of the Sessions. - The General Meeting shall be held in Madrid, at the place and on the date
set out in the announcement or, if the Board of Managers of the Issuer or the Commissioner, as the case may be,
deems it appropriate, by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform, as set out in the
announcement. 
Article 14. Attendance List. - Before starting to discuss the matters of the agenda of the General Meeting, the
Commissioner shall make a list of attendees, describing the nature or form of representation of each of them and
the number of Notes owned by it (or held on behalf of other Noteholders), describing at the end of the list the
number of Notes in attendance or represented, as well as the number of outstanding Notes. 
Article 15. Right to Vote. - Each Note represented shall confer on its Noteholder the right to vote proportionally
to the outstanding amount of the Note's specified denomination. 
Article 16. Powers of the General Meeting. - The General Meeting may approve resolutions necessary for the
protection of the legitimate interests of the Noteholders vis-à-vis the Issuer; modify, in agreement with the Issuer
and, if necessary, with the approval of the relevant authority, the terms and conditions of the Notes, and adopt
decisions on other similar matters; remove and appoint the Commissioner; exercise any claims in order to protect
the interests of the Noteholders; and approve the expenses incurred in connection with any actions carried out to
protect the common interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 123 ---
- 107 -
Article 17. Challenges to Resolutions. - Resolutions of the General Meeting may be challenged by Noteholders
according to the Restated Spanish Companies Act (Texto Refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital), approved
by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2010, of 2 July (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio, por el que se
aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital), or any other regulation which may replace it from
time to time. 
Article 18. Minutes. - Minutes of a General Meeting may be approved by the General Meeting itself immediately
after the meeting, or otherwise within fifteen (15) days following the date of the General Meeting, by the
Commissioner and two (2) Noteholders assigned such responsibility by the General Meeting. 
Article 19. Certificates of the minutes. - The certificates of the minutes of the resolutions of the General Meeting
shall be approved by the Commissioner. 
Article 20.- Individual claims. Noteholders will be only entitled to individually exercise judicial or extra judicial
claims if such claims (i) do not contradict any resolutions previously adopted by the General Meeting or any
actions taken by the Commissioner, (ii) may be enforced by them pursuant to their faculties as Noteholders and
(iii) and are compatible with the faculties conferred upon the Syndicate.
Article 21.- Collective actions. Any actions which may affect the collective interest of the Noteholders may only
be carried out on behalf of the Syndicate following a resolution of the General Meeting. Any Noteholder wishing
that such an action is taken, shall make a request to the Commissioner, who, if he/she deems it well-founded, shall
convene a General Meeting to decide upon it.
If the General Meeting rejects the Noteholder’s proposal to take such action, no holder of Notes may individually
take such action in its own interest before the courts, unless the rejection by the General Meeting of Noteholder’s
proposal is in clear contradiction with prior resolutions of the General Meeting and/or these regulations.
CHAPTER IV 
The Commissioner 
Article 22. Scope of competence of the Commissioner. - The Commissioner is entrusted with the legal
representation of the Syndicate and to act as the relationship body between the Syndicate and the Issuer. 
Article 23. Appointment and Duration of Role. - The Commissioner shall be appointed by the Issuer once the
issuance of the Notes is made and shall exercise his/her role until it is removed at a General Meeting. 
Article 24. Powers. - The Commissioner shall be entrusted with the following powers: 
(a)
Protect the common interests of the Noteholders. 
(b)
Call and chair the General Meetings. 
(c)
Ability to attend, with the right to speak but not vote, the deliberations and meetings of the
General Shareholders’ Meetings of the Issuer. 
(d)
Inform the Issuer of the resolutions of the Syndicate. 
(e)
Require from the Issuer the reports that either himself/herself or the General Meeting determine
to be of interest to the Noteholders. 
(f)
Supervise the payment of interest and principal by the Issuer. 
(g)
Enforce the resolutions of the General Meeting.

--- Page 124 ---
- 108 -
(h)
When the Issuer, by a reason attributable to it, postpones for more than six (6) months the
redemption of principal and payment of interest, the Commissioner shall have the faculty to
propose to the Board of Managers of the Issuer, the suspension of any of the Managers and to
call a General Shareholders’ Meeting of the Issuer, if it has not already been called, when it
considers that the Managers should be substituted. 
Article 25. Responsibility. - The Commissioner shall be responsible towards the Noteholders and, as the case
may be, towards the Issuer for performing his/her role with the relevant professional diligence. 
CHAPTER V 
General Arrangements
Article 26. Syndicate Expenses. – Any ordinary expenses resulting from the maintenance of the Syndicate shall
be for the account of the Issuer, but they will not, in any case, exceed two per cent. of the gross annual interest
accrued by the issued Notes. 
Article 27. Accounts. - The Commissioner shall be responsible for keeping the accounts of the Syndicate and
will submit them for approval to the General Meeting and to the Board of Managers of the Issuer. 
Article 28. Dissolution of the Syndicate. - If the Syndicate is dissolved following the occurrence of the scenario
described in Article 3 above, the Commissioner in charge at the time shall produce the final accounts of the
Syndicate and shall deliver them to the last General Meeting and to the Board of Managers of the Issuer. 
Article 29. Jurisdiction. – Any disputes arising from these Regulations shall be submitted to the courts of the
city of Madrid, with the Noteholders expressly waiving (solely for being Noteholders) any other jurisdiction to
which they may be entitled. 
Article 30. (Additional). - The applicable legislation from time to time shall apply to determine any matters for
which no provision is contained in these Regulations.

--- Page 125 ---
- 109 -
ANNEX 1 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
This Annex 1 (Provisions relating to Equity Linked Notes) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the
Applicable Transaction Terms as being one of the following Notes: 
(i)
Notes linked to the Shares of an entity not affiliated with the Issuer ("Single Share Linked Notes"); 
(ii)
Notes linked to a basket of Shares of entities not affiliated with the Issuer ("Share Basket Linked 
Notes"); 
(iii)
Notes linked to a single index of Shares not prepared by the Issuer or entities affiliated with the Issuer
("Single Share Index Linked Notes"); and 
(iv)
Notes linked to a basket of indices of Shares not prepared by the Issuer or entities affiliated with the
Issuer ("Share Index Basket Linked Notes"). 
In this Annex 1, references to "Share" and "Share Index" shall have the meanings given to them in the relevant
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and the additional terms and conditions relating to Equity
Linked Notes set out in this Annex 1 (the "Equity Linked Conditions"), the Equity Linked Conditions shall
prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Equity Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the
Payout Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or the Equity
Linked Conditions and (ii) the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Applicable Transaction Terms shall prevail. 
PART 1 SINGLE SHARE LINKED NOTES 
This Part 1 ( Single Share Linked Notes) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the Applicable
Transaction Terms as being Single Share Linked Notes. 
1.
DEFINITIONS 
"Exchange" means each exchange or quotation system specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction
Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation
system to which trading in the Share has temporary relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such temporary substitute
exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each
Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding
any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day Convention" means any of the following, as specified in the relevant
Applicable Transaction Terms: 

Following Business Day Convention: if a date specified as Valuation Date in the Applicable
Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day, such Valuation Date will be the first
succeeding Exchange Business Day. 

Modified Following Business Day Convention: if a date specified as Valuation Date in the
Applicable Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day, such Valuation Date will be
the first succeeding Exchange Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in
which case such Valuation Date will be the first preceding day that is an Exchange Business
Day.
"Related Exchange" means each exchange or quotation system specified as such for the Share in the
Applicable Transaction Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute
exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Share has

--- Page 126 ---
- 110 -
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable
liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All
Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the Applicable Transaction Terms, "Related 
Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as
determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to
such Share. 
"Relevant Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation
Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date
or Valuation Date, as the case may be, in the case of a Share, an amount equal to the official closing price
(or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case
may be, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such
Share on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the relevant Settlement
Price Date, or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the relevant Averaging
Date or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at the
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) cannot be so determined and the relevant Settlement Price
Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the
Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair
market buying price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date,
as the case may be, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) and the closing fair market
selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date
or Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) for the Share
based, at the Calculation Agent's discretion, either (i) on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or
middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the
Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of the Share, (ii) the determination made by any calculation
agent of a Hedging Transaction, or (iii) on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide, such
amount to be converted, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, into the Specified Currency
at the Exchange Rate specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms on the relevant Settlement Price
Date or Averaging Date and such converted amount to be the Relevant Price, all as determined by or on
behalf of the Calculation Agent. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading
session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which each Exchange and Related Exchange are
scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading session.
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption
Valuation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day,
Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be, (A) if Averaging is not specified in the
Applicable Transaction Terms, the Relevant Price for the relevant Settlement Price Date, or (B) if
Averaging is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Prices
of the Single Share on each Averaging Date, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent
in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Settlement Price Date" means any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in
Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may
be. 
"Share Issuer" means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of the Share as specified in the Applicable
Transaction Terms. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the Applicable
Transaction Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days.

--- Page 127 ---
- 111 -
"Valuation Time" means Coupon Valuation Time or the Redemption Valuation Time, as the case may
be, specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if no such time is specified, the Scheduled
Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case
may be, in relation to each Share to be valued. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled
Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading
session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
2.
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS 
2.1
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in each case ((i) and (ii)) the Calculation Agent
determines is material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time
or (iii) an Early Closure. 
2.2
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding
limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to the Share on
the Exchange, or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related
Exchange. 
2.3
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions
in, or obtain market values for, the Shares on the Exchange, or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain
market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
2.4
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange or any
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced
by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing
time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange
Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related
Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
2.5
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption
Event has occurred. The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the
circumstances notify the Issuer of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an
Averaging Date, a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date
or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. Without limiting the obligation of the Calculation Agent to
notify the Issuer as set forth in the preceding sentence, failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the
Issuer of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall not affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of
such Disrupted Day. 
2.6
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
3.
ADJUSTMENTS 
Potential Adjustment Events: 
3.1
Following the declaration by the Share Issuer of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the
Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares and, if so, will (i) make the
corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to the Strike Price, Initial Price, Final Price and Barrier(s), as the
case may be, and any other variable relevant to the redemption and the payment of the coupon amount
or other terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting
or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in
volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share) and (ii) determine
the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). The Calculation Agent may at its discretion determine the
appropriate adjustment(s) by reference to (i) the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential Adjustment

--- Page 128 ---
- 112 -
Event made by an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares traded on such options exchange,
(ii) the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by any calculation agent of
any Hedging Transaction, or (iii) on such factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide. 
3.2
For the purposes hereof: 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(i)
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of a relevant Share (unless resulting in a Merger
Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way of bonus,
capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii)
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (A) such Shares, or
(B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the
proceeds of liquidation of the Share Issuer equally or proportionately with such payments to
holders of such Shares, or (C) share capital or other securities of another share issuer acquired
or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Share Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other similar
transaction, or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for
payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by
the Calculation Agent; 
(iii)
an Extraordinary Dividend; 
(iv)
a call by the Share Issuer in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(v)
a repurchase by the Share Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares whether out of
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or
otherwise; 
(vi)
in respect of the Share Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or
becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the
Share Issuer pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile
takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred
stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such
an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(vii)
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effected on the theoretical value of the
relevant Shares. 
4.
EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS 
4.1
Definitions: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means a Change in Law, Failure to Deliver, Insolvency Filing or
Hedging Disruption. 
"Announcement Date" means, (i) in the case of a Merger Event, the date of the first public
announcement of a firm intention to engage in a transaction (whether or not subsequently amended) that
leads to the Merger Event, (ii) in the case of a Tender Offer, the date of the first public announcement of
a firm intention to purchase or otherwise obtain the requisite number of voting shares (whether or not
subsequently amended) that leads to the Tender Offer, (iii) in the case of a Nationalisation, the date of
the first public announcement to nationalise (whether or not subsequently amended) that leads to the
Nationalisation, (iv) in the case of an Insolvency, the date of the first public announcement of the
institution of a proceeding or presentation of a petition or passing of a resolution (or other analogous
procedure in any jurisdiction) that leads to the Insolvency and (v) in the case of a Delisting, the date of
the first public announcement by the Exchange that the Shares will cease to be listed, traded or publicly
quoted in the manner described in the "Delisting" definition below. In respect of any Extraordinary
Event, if the announcement of such Extraordinary Event is made after the actual closing time for the
regular trading session on the relevant Exchange, without regard to any after hours or any other trading

--- Page 129 ---
- 113 -
outside of such regular trading session hours, the Announcement Date shall be deemed to be the next
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the
Hedging Party(ies) determine(s) in good faith that (X) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose
of Shares relating to the Hedging Transaction(s), or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in
performing its obligations (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in
tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a clearance system, any day on which such
clearance system is (but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for
the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Delisting" means that the Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the Shares
cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a
Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange
or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the
European Union, in any member state of the European Union). 
"Extraordinary Event" means a Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency, Delisting or
any applicable Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Party(ies) is/are unable, after using commercially
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk of entering into and performing
its obligations, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Party(ies)" means the Issuer and, if any, the entity with which the Issuer agrees the Hedging
Transaction(s). 
"Hedging Transaction" means any transaction that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor enter into in order
to hedge their obligations in respect of the Notes; 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency,
dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Share Issuer, (A) all the Shares of
that Share Issuer are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B)
holders of the Shares of that Share Issuer become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
"Insolvency Filing" means that the Share Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator,
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over
it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or
it consents to proceedings seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for
its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such
a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to
by the Share Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined
under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation
Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (i) reclassification or change of such
Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares outstanding
to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the
Share Issuer with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or
binding share exchange in which such Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in
a reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange

--- Page 130 ---
- 114 -
offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100%
of the outstanding Shares of the Share Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment
to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person),
or (iv) the consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer or its
subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does
not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding
Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event
collectively representing less than 50% of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event (a
"Reverse Merger"), in each case if the Merger Date is on or before, the latest of the last occurring
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination
Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date or, where Averaging is specified in the Applicable Transaction
Terms, the final Averaging Date. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of a Share Issuer are
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency,
authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"New Shares" means ordinary or common shares, whether of the entity or person (other than the Share
Issuer) involved in the Merger Event or the making of the Tender Offer or a third party, that are, or that
as of the Merger Date or Tender Offer Date are promptly scheduled to be, (i) publicly quoted, traded or
listed on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the
Exchange is within the European Union, in any member state of the European Union) and (ii) not subject
to any currency exchange controls, trading restrictions or other trading limitations. 
"Other Consideration" means cash and/or any securities (other than New Shares) or assets (whether of
the entity or person (other than the Share Issuer) involved in the Merger Event or the making of the
Tender Offer or a third party). 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Share, the period of Clearance System Business Days
following a trade in such Shares on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according
to the rules of the Exchange. 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, an event beyond the control of the
Hedging Party(ies) as a result of which the relevant clearance system cannot clear the transfer of such
Share. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any
entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the
right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10% and less than 100% of the outstanding
voting shares of the Share Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of
filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent
deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in the amount
of the applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by
the Calculation Agent). 
4.2
Consequences: 
Consequences of Merger Events: in respect of any Merger Event, on or after the relevant Merger Date,
the Calculation Agent shall either (i) (A) make such adjustment to any one or more of the coupon amount
or any other terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the
economic effect on the Notes of such Merger Event (including adjustments to account for changes in
volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Notes), which
may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of such Merger Event
by an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares traded on such options exchange and (B)
determine the effective date of that adjustment, or (ii) if the Calculation Agent determines that no
adjustment that it could make under (i) will produce a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation
Agent will notify the Issuer that the relevant consequence shall be the early redemption of the Notes. If

--- Page 131 ---
- 115 -
the early redemption of the Notes occurs, then the Issuer will pay to the Noteholders the Early
Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the outstanding Notes. 
Consequences of Tender Offer: in respect of any Tender Offer, on or after the relevant Tender Offer
Date, the Share Issuer and the Shares will not change, but the Calculation Agent shall either (i) (A) make
such adjustment to the coupon amount or any other terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent
determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Notes of such Tender Offer (including
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant
to the Shares or to the Notes), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s)
made in respect of such Tender Offer by an options exchange to options on the relevant shares traded on
such options exchange and (B) determine the effective date of that adjustment, or (ii) if the Calculation
Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make under (i) will produce a commercially reasonably
result, the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer that the relevant consequence shall be the early
redemption of the Notes. If the early redemption of the Notes occurs, then the Issuer will pay to the
Noteholders the Early Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the
outstanding Notes. 
Consequences of Nationalisation, Insolvency Filing and Delisting: upon the Issuer's becoming aware
of the occurrence of a Nationalisation, Insolvency Filing or Delisting, the early redemption of the Notes
will take place (as determined by the Calculation Agent) and then the Issuer will pay to the Noteholders
the Early Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the outstanding Notes. 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Event: upon becoming aware of the occurrence of an
Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer may early redeem the Notes and therefore pay to the Noteholders
the Early Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the outstanding Notes. 
Correction of the Share Price: in the event that the Share price on the Exchange which is utilised for
any calculation or determination made under these Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction is
published by the Exchange within one Settlement Cycle after the original publication, the Issuer may
notify the Noteholder of that correction and the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is
payable or deliverable as a result of that correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of
these Notes to account for such correction. 
PART 2 SINGLE SHARE INDEX LINKED NOTES 
This Part 2 ( Single Share Index Linked Notes) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the Applicable
Transaction Terms as being Single Share Index Linked Notes. 
1.
DEFINITIONS. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of each component security or reference security of the Share Index (each,
a "Component Security"), the principal stock exchange on which such Component Security is
principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Exchange Business Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Share Index Sponsor
publishes the level of the Share Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular
trading session, notwithstanding such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day Convention" means any of the following, as specified in the Applicable
Transaction Terms: 

Following Business Day Convention: if the date specified as Valuation Date in the Applicable
Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day, the Valuation Date will be the first
succeeding Exchange Business Day. 

Modified Following Business Day Convention: if the date specified as Valuation Date in the
Applicable Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day, the Valuation Date will be the
first succeeding Exchange Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in
which case the Valuation Date will be the first preceding day that is an Exchange Business Day.

--- Page 132 ---
- 116 -
"Related Exchange" means in respect of a Share Index, each exchange or quotation system specified
as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such
Share Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Share Index on such
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that
where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the Applicable Transaction Terms,
"Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating
to such Share Index. 
"Relevant Level" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Averaging Date, Observation Date,
Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day, as the case may be, in the case of a Share Index, an amount equal to the official
closing level of such Share Index, or in the case of a Share Dividend Index, the level for the Share
Dividend Index for the relevant day, as published by the relevant Share Index Sponsor, as determined by
the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the level of the Share Index
determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the Applicable Transaction Terms at the Valuation
Time on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the relevant Settlement
Level Date, or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, each Averaging Date. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading
session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which: (i) the Share Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish
the level of the Share Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its
regular trading session. 
"Share Index Sponsor" means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and
reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the
relevant Share Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the relevant Share
Index on a regulated basis during each Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Settlement Level" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption
Valuation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day,
Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be, (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Applicable
Transaction Terms, the Relevant Level for the relevant Settlement Level Date, or (ii) if Averaging is
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Levels of the Share
Index on each Averaging Date, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent in a
commercially reasonable manner. 
"Settlement Level Date" means the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, as the
case may be. 
"Share Dividend Index" means an index specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the Applicable
Transaction Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Valuation Time" means (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has
occurred: (a) in respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in
respect of such Component Security, and (b) in respect of any options contracts or future contracts on
the Share Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, the
Coupon Valuation Time or the Redemption Valuation Time, as the case may be, specified in the
Applicable Transaction Terms or, if no such time is specified, the time at which the official closing level
of the Share Index is calculated and published by the Share Index Sponsor.

--- Page 133 ---
- 117 -
2.
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS 
2.1
"Market Disruption Event" means either: 
(i)
(a) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(1)
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one-hour
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on
which such Component Security is principally traded; 
(2)
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one-hour
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on
which such Component Security is principally traded; or 
(3)
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security; and 
(b)
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a Trading Disruption,
an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists and comprises 20% or
more of the level of the Share Index; or 
(ii)
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to the Share Index,
of: (a) a Trading Disruption Event; (b) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at
the Valuation Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (c) an Early Closure, in each case in
respect of such futures or options contracts. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a Component
Security at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such Component Security at that
time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component Security to the level of the Share Index
shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Share Index attributable to that
Component Security to (y) the overall level of the Share Index, in each case using the official opening
weightings as published by the Sponsor as part of the market "opening data". 
2.2
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding
limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to the Share on
the Exchange, or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related
Exchange. 
2.3
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions
in, or obtain market values for: (i) any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such
Component Security or (ii) futures or options contracts relating to the Share Index on the Related
Exchange. 
2.4
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect of any
Component Security or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier
closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior
to the earlier of: (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related
Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline for
orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
2.5
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Share Index Sponsor fails to
publish the level of the Share Index; (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular
trading session; or (iii) other than in the case of a Share Dividend Index, a Market Disruption Event has
occurred. The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances notify
the Issuer of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted

--- Page 134 ---
- 118 -
Day, would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an Averaging Date, a Knock-in
Determination Day or a Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, as the
case may be. Without limiting the obligation of the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer as set forth in
the preceding sentence, failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer of the occurrence of a
Disrupted Day shall not affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of such Disrupted Day on the
Notes. 
2.6
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
3.
ADJUSTMENTS
3.1
If the Share Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Share Index Sponsor but is calculated and
announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor
sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (iii) replaced by a successor index using, in the
determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of
calculation as used in the calculation of that Share Index, then in each case that index (the "Successor 
Share Index") will be deemed to be the Share Index. 
3.2
If (i) on or prior to any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in
Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, the Share Index
Sponsor announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating
that Share Index or in any other way materially modifies that Share Index (other than a modification
prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Share Index in the event of changes in constituent
stock and capitalisation and other routine events) (an "Share Index Modification") or permanently
cancels the Share Index and no Successor Share Index exists (an "Share Index Cancellation") or (ii)
on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day,
Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date in respect of this Note, the Share
Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Share Index (an "Share Index Disruption" 
and together with a Share Index Modification and a Share Index Cancellation, each an "Share Index 
Adjustment Event"), then the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Share Index Adjustment Event
has a material effect on the Notes and, if so, shall calculate the relevant Strike Price(s), Initial Price(s),
Valuation Price(s), Final Price(s) and Barrier(s) and any other variable relevant to the redemption and
the payment of the coupon amount or other terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines
appropriate to account for that Share Index Adjustment Event, using, in lieu of a published level for that
Share Index, the level for that Share Index as at that Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date,
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or
Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method
of calculating that Share Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using only
those securities that comprised that Share Index immediately prior to that Share Index Adjustment Event. 
3.3
Correction of Share Index
In the event that any price or level published on the Exchange or by the Share Index Sponsor and which
is utilised for any calculation or determination made under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the
correction is published by the Exchange or the Share Index Sponsor within one Settlement Cycle after
the original publication, the Issuer may notify the Noteholder of that correction and the Calculation Agent
will determine the amount that is payable or deliverable as a result of that correction. 
"Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a clearance system, any day on which such
clearance system is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open
for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of the Share Index, the number of Clearance System Business
Days following a trade in such shares on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur
according to the rules of the Exchange (if there are multiple Exchanges in respect of the Share Index, the
longest such period).

--- Page 135 ---
- 119 -
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Component Security, an event beyond the control
of the Hedging Party(ies) as a result of which the relevant clearance system cannot clear the transfer of
such Component Security. 
4.
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS 
4.1
Definitions: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means a Change in Law, Insolvency Filing or Hedging Disruption. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the
Hedging Party(ies) determine(s) in good faith that (X) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose
of Shares relating to the Hedging Transaction(s), or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in
performing its obligations (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in
tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Party(ies) is/are unable, after using commercially
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk of entering into and performing
its obligations, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), being
both transaction(s) and asset(s) the Hedging Transaction(s). 
"Hedging Party(ies)" means the Issuer and, if any, the entity with which the Issuer agrees the Hedging
Transaction(s). 
"Hedging Transaction" means any transaction that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor enter into in order
to hedge their obligations in respect of the Notes;
"Insolvency Filing" means that the issuer of a Component Security institutes or has instituted against it
by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or
home office, or it consents to proceedings seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition
is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it
consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and
not consented to by the issuer of the Component Security shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
4.2
Consequences: upon becoming aware of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer
may early redeem the Notes and therefore pay to the Noteholders the Early Redemption Amount
calculated by the Calculation Agent per each of the outstanding Notes. 
PART 3 SHARE BASKET LINKED NOTES 
This Part 3 ( Share Basket Linked Notes) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the Applicable
Transaction Terms as being Share Basket Linked Notes. 
1.
DEFINITIONS 
"Exchange" means, in respect of each Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for
the Share in the Applicable Transaction Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or
any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Share has temporary relocated
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such
Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each
Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding
any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time.

--- Page 136 ---
- 120 -
"Exchange Business Day Convention" means any of the following, as specified in the Applicable
Transaction Terms: 

Following Business Day Convention: if the date specified as Valuation Date in the Applicable
Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day for any of the Shares comprised in the
Basket, the Valuation Date will be deemed to be, only for that Share, the first succeeding
Exchange Business Day. 

Modified Following Business Day Convention: if the date specified as Valuation Date in the
Applicable Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day for any of the Shares comprised
in the Basket, the Valuation Date will be deemed to be, only for that Share, the first succeeding
Exchange Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the
Valuation Date for that Share will be the first preceding day that is an Exchange Business Day. 
"Related Exchange" means each exchange or quotation system specified as such for each Share in the
Applicable Transaction Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute
exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to each Share has
temporally relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable
liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to each Share on such temporary substitute
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All
Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the Applicable Transaction Terms, "Related 
Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as
determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to
such Share. 
"Relevant Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation
Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date
or Valuation Date, as the case may be, in the case of a Share, an amount equal to the official closing price
(or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case
may be, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such
Share on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the relevant Settlement
Price Date, or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the relevant Averaging
Date or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at the
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) cannot be so determined and the relevant Settlement Price
Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the
Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair
market buying price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date,
as the case may be, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) and the closing fair market
selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date
or Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) for the Share
based, at the Calculation Agent's discretion, either (i) on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or
middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the
Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of the Share, (ii) the determination made by any calculation
agent of a Hedging Transaction, or (iii) on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide, such
amount to be converted, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, into the Specified Currency
at the Exchange Rate specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms on the relevant Settlement Price
Date or Averaging Date and such converted amount to be the Relevant Price, all as determined by or on
behalf of the Calculation Agent. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading
session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which each Exchange and Related Exchange are
scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading session. 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption
Valuation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day,

--- Page 137 ---
- 121 -
Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be, (A) if Averaging is not specified in the
Applicable Transaction Terms, the Relevant Price for the relevant Settlement Price Date, or (ii) if
Averaging is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Prices
for each Share in the Share Basket on each Averaging Date, all as determined by or on behalf of the
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Settlement Price Date" means any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in
Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may
be. 
"Share Basket" means, where the Share Basket Linked Notes are linked to the performance of more
than one Share, a basket comprising such Shares, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Share Issuer" means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of the Share as specified in the Applicable
Transaction Terms. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the Applicable
Transaction Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Valuation Time" means the Coupon Valuation Time or Redemption Valuation Time, as the case may
be, specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if no such time is specified, the Scheduled
Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case
may be, in relation to each Share to be valued. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled
Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading
session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
2.
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS 
2.1
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in each case ((i) and (ii)) the Calculation Agent
determines is material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time
or (iii) an Early Closure. 
2.2
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding
limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to the Share on
the Exchange, or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related
Exchange. 
2.3
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions
in, or obtain market values for, the Shares on the Exchange, or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain
market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
2.4
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange or any
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced
by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing
time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange
Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related
Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
2.5
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption
Event has occurred. The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the
circumstances notify the Issuer, of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the
occurrence of a Disrupted Day would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an
Averaging Date, a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date
or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. Without limiting the obligation of the Calculation Agent to
notify the Issuer as set forth in the preceding sentence, failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the

--- Page 138 ---
- 122 -
Issuer of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall not affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of
such Disrupted Day. 
2.6
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
3.
ADJUSTMENTS
Potential Adjustment Events: 
3.1
Following the declaration by the Share Issuer of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the
Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares and, if so, will (i) make the
corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to the Strike Price, Initial Price(s), Valuation Price(s), Final Price(s)
and Barrier(s), as the case may be, and, in any case, any other variable relevant to the redemption and
the payment of the coupon amount or other terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines
appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made
to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the
relevant Share) and (ii) determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). The Calculation Agent may
at its discretion determine the appropriate adjustment(s) by reference to (i) the adjustment(s) in respect
of such Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares traded
on such options exchange, (ii) the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by
any calculation agent of any Hedging Transaction, or (iii) on such factors as the Calculation Agent shall
decide. 
3.2
For the purposes hereof: 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(i)
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares (unless resulting in a Merger
Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way of bonus,
capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii)
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (A) such Shares, or
(B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the
proceeds of liquidation of the Share Issuer equally or proportionately with such payments to
holders of such Shares, or (C) share capital or other securities of another share issuer acquired
or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Share Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other similar
transaction, or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for
payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by
the Calculation Agent; 
(iii)
an Extraordinary Dividend; 
(iv)
a call by the Share Issuer in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(v)
a repurchase by the Share Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares whether out of
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or
otherwise; 
(vi)
in respect of the Share Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or
becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the
Share Issuer pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile
takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred
stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such
an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(vii)
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the
relevant Shares.

--- Page 139 ---
- 123 -
4.
EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS
4.1
Definitions:
"Additional Disruption Event" means Change in Law, Failure to Deliver, Insolvency Filing or
Hedging Disruption. 
"Announcement Date" means, (i) in the case of a Merger Event, the date of the first public
announcement of a firm intention to engage in a transaction (whether or not subsequently amended) that
leads to the Merger Event, (ii) in the case of a Tender Offer, the date of the first public announcement of
a firm intention to purchase or otherwise obtain the requisite number of voting shares (whether or not
subsequently amended) that leads to the Tender Offer, (iii) in the case of a Nationalisation, the date of
the first public announcement to nationalise (whether or not subsequently amended) that leads to the
Nationalisation, (iv) in the case of an Insolvency, the date of the first public announcement of the
institution of a proceeding or presentation of a petition or passing of a resolution (or other analogous
procedure in any jurisdiction) that leads to the Insolvency and (v) in the case of a Delisting, the date of
the first public announcement by the Exchange that the Shares will cease to be listed, traded or publicly
quoted in the manner described in the "Delisting" definition below. In respect of any Extraordinary
Event, if the announcement of such Extraordinary Event is made after the actual closing time for the
regular trading session on the relevant Exchange, without regard to any after hours or any other trading
outside of such regular trading session hours, the Announcement Date shall be deemed to be the next
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the
Hedging Party(ies) determine(s) in good faith that (X) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose
of Shares relating to the Hedging Transaction(s), or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in
performing its obligations (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in
tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a clearance system, any day on which such
clearance system is (but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for
the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Delisting" means that the Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the Shares
cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a
Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange
or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the
European Union, in any member state of the European Union). 
"Extraordinary Event" means a Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency, Delisting or
any applicable Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Party(ies) is/are unable, after using commercially
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk of entering into and performing
its obligations, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), being
both transaction(s) and asset(s) to the Hedging Transaction(s). 
"Hedging Party(ies)" means the Issuer and, if any, the entity with which the Issuer agrees the Hedging
Transaction(s).
"Hedging Transaction" means any transaction that the Issuer enters into in order to hedge its
obligations in respect of the Notes; 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency,
dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Share Issuer, (A) all the Shares of

--- Page 140 ---
- 124 -
that Share Issuer are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B)
holders of the Shares of that Share Issuer become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
"Insolvency Filing" means that the Share Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator,
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over
it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or
it consents to proceedings seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for
its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such
a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to
by the Share Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined
under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation
Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (i) reclassification or change of such
Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares outstanding
to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the
Share Issuer with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or
binding share exchange in which such Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in
a reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange
offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100%
of the outstanding Shares of the Share Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment
to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person),
or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer or its
subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does
not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding
Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event
collectively representing less than 50% of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event (a
"Reverse Merger"), in each case if the Merger Date is on or before, the latest of the last occurring
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination
Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date or, where Averaging is specified in the Applicable Transaction
Terms, the final Averaging Date. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of a Share Issuer are
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency,
authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"New Shares" means ordinary or common shares, whether of the entity or person (other than the Share
Issuer) involved in the Merger Event or the making of the Tender Offer or a third party, that are, or that
as of the Merger Date or Tender Offer Date are promptly scheduled to be, (i) publicly quoted, traded or
listed on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the
Exchange is within the European Union, in any member state of the European Union) and (ii) not subject
to any currency exchange controls, trading restrictions or other trading limitations. 
"Other Consideration" means cash and/or any securities (other than New Shares) or assets (whether of
the entity or person (other than the Share Issuer) involved in the Merger Event or the making of the
Tender Offer or a third party). 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Share, the period of Clearance System Business Days
following a trade in such Shares on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according
to the rules of the Exchange. 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, an event beyond the control of the
Hedging Party(ies) as a result of which the relevant clearance system cannot clear the transfer of such
Share. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any
entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the

--- Page 141 ---
- 125 -
right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10% and less than 100% of the outstanding
voting shares of the Share Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of
filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent
deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in the amount
of the applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by
the Calculation Agent). 
4.2
Consequences: 
Consequences of Merger Events: in respect of any Merger Event, on or after the relevant Merger Date,
the Calculation Agent shall either (i) (A) make such adjustment to any one or more of the coupon amount
or any other terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the
economic effect on the Notes of such Merger Event (including adjustments to account for changes in
volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Notes), which
may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of such Merger Event
by an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares traded on such options exchange and (B)
determine the effective date of that adjustment, or (ii) if the Calculation Agent determines that no
adjustment that it could make under (i) will produce a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation
Agent will notify the Issuer that the relevant consequence shall be the early redemption of the Notes. If
the early redemption of the Notes occurs, then the Issuer will pay to the Noteholders the Early
Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the outstanding Notes. 
Consequences of Tender Offer: in respect of any Tender Offer, on or after the relevant Tender Offer
Date, the Share Issuer and the Shares will not change, but the Calculation Agent shall either (i) (A) make
such adjustment to the coupon amount or any other terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent
determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Notes of such Tender Offer (including
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant
to the Shares or to the Notes), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s)
made in respect of such Tender Offer by an options exchange to options on the relevant shares traded on
such options exchange and (B) determine the effective date of that adjustment, or (ii) if the Calculation
Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make under (i) will produce a commercially reasonably
result, the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer that the relevant consequence shall be the early
redemption of the Notes. If the early redemption of the Notes occurs, then the Issuer will pay to the
Noteholders the Early Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the
outstanding Notes. 
Consequences of Nationalisation, Insolvency Filing and Delisting: upon becoming aware of the
occurrence of a Nationalisation, Insolvency Filing or Delisting, the early redemption of the Notes will
take place (as determined by the Calculation Agent) and then the Issuer will pay to the Noteholders the
Early Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the outstanding Notes. 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Event: upon becoming aware of the occurrence of an
Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer may early redeem the Notes and therefore pay to the Noteholders
the Early Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the outstanding Notes. 
Correction of the Share Price: in the event that the Share price on the Exchange which is utilised for
any calculation or determination made under these Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction is
published by the Exchange within one Settlement Cycle after the original publication, the Issuer may
notify of that correction and the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is payable or
deliverable as a result of that correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of these Notes
to account for such correction.

--- Page 142 ---
- 126 -
PART 4 SHARE INDEX BASKET LINKED NOTES 
This Part 4 ( Share Index Basket Linked Notes) is applicable only in the Applicable Transaction Terms as being
Share Index Basket Linked Notes. 
1.
DEFINITIONS 
"Exchange" means, in respect of each component security or reference security of each of the Indices
(each, a "Component Security"), the principal stock exchange on which such Component Security is
principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of each Share Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which:
(i) the relevant Share Index Sponsor publishes the level of the Share Index; and (ii) the relevant Related
Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding the Related Exchange
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day Convention" means any of the following, as specified in the Applicable
Transaction Terms: 

Following Business Day Convention: if the date specified as Valuation Date in the Applicable
Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day for any of the Indices, the Valuation Date
will be deemed to be, only for that Share Index, the first succeeding Exchange Business Day. 

Modified Following Business Day Convention: in case the date specified as Valuation Date
in the Applicable Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day for any of the Share
Indices comprised in the Basket, the Valuation Date will be deemed to be, only for that Share
Index, the first succeeding Exchange Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar
month, in which case the Valuation Date for that Share Index will be the first preceding day that
is an Exchange Business Day. 
"Related Exchange" means, in respect of each Share Index, each exchange or quotation system
specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts
relating to such Share Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such
Share Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related
Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the Applicable
Transaction Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading
has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options
contracts relating to such Share Index. 
"Relevant Level" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Averaging Date, Observation Date,
Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day, as the case may be, in the case of a Share Index, an amount equal to the official
closing level of such Share Index or in the case of a Share Dividend Index, the level for the Share
Dividend Index for the relevant day, as published by the relevant Share Index Sponsor, as determined by
the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the level of the Share Index
determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the Applicable Transaction Terms at the Valuation
Time on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the relevant Settlement
Level Date, or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, each Averaging Date. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading
session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of each Share Index, any day on which: (i) the Share Index
Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the Share Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled
to be open for trading for its regular trading session.

--- Page 143 ---
- 127 -
"Settlement Level" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption
Valuation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day,
Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be, (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Applicable
Transaction Terms, the Relevant Level for the relevant Settlement Level Date, or (ii) if Averaging is
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Levels of each Index
in the Share Index Basket on each Averaging Date, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation
Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Settlement Level Date" means any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in
Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may
be. 
"Share Dividend Index" means an index specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Share Index Basket" means, where the Share Index Basket Linked Notes are linked to the performance
of more than one Share Index, a basket comprising such Shares Indices, as specified in the Applicable
Transaction Terms. 
"Share Index Sponsor" means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and
reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the
relevant Share Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the relevant Share
Index on a regulated basis during each Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the Applicable
Transaction Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Valuation Time" means (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has
occurred: (a) in respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in
respect of such Component Security, and (b) in respect of any options contracts or future contracts on
the Share Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, the
Coupon Valuation Time or the Redemption Valuation Time, as the case may be, specified in the
Applicable Transaction Terms or, if no such time is specified, the time at which the official closing level
of the Share Index is calculated and published by the Share Index Sponsor. 
2.
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS
2.1
"Market Disruption Event" means either: 
(i)
(a) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(1)
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on
which such Component Security is principally traded; 
(2)
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on
which such Component Security is principally traded; or 
(3)
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security; and 
(b)
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a Trading Disruption,
an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists and comprises 20% or
more of the level of the Share Index; or 
(ii)
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to the Share Index,
of: (a) a Trading Disruption Event; (b) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at

--- Page 144 ---
- 128 -
the Valuation Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (c) an Early Closure, in each case in
respect of such futures or options contracts. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a Component
Security at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such Component Security at that
time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component Security to the level of the Share Index
shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Share Index attributable to that
Component Security to (y) the overall level of the Share Index, in each case using the official opening
weightings as published by the Sponsor as part of the market "opening data". 
2.2
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding
limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to the Share on
the Exchange; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related
Exchange. 
2.3
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions
in, or obtain market values for: (i) any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such
Component Security; or (ii) futures or options contracts relating to the Share Index on the Related
Exchange. 
2.4
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect of any
Component Security or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier
closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior
to the earlier of: (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related
Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline for
orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
2.5
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Share Index Sponsor fails to
publish the level of the Share Index; (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular
trading session; or (iii) other than in the case of a Share Dividend Index, a Market Disruption Event has
occurred. The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances notify
the Issuer of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted
Day, would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an Averaging Date, a Knock-in
Determination Day or a Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, as the
case may be. Without limiting the obligation of the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer as set forth in
the preceding sentence, failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer of the occurrence of a
Disrupted Day shall not affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of such Disrupted Day on the
Notes. 
2.6
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
3.
ADJUSTMENTS
3.1
If any of the Share Indices is (i) not calculated and announced by the Share Index Sponsor but is
calculated and announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by
a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (iii) replaced by a successor index using, in
the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method
of calculation as used in the calculation of that Share Index, then in each case that index (the "Successor 
Share Index") will be deemed to be the Share Index. 
3.2
If (i) on or prior to any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in
Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, the Share Index
Sponsor of any of the Share Indices announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or
the method of calculating that Share Index or in any other way materially modifies that Share Index
(other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Share Index in the event
of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation and other routine events) (a "Share Index

--- Page 145 ---
- 129 -
Modification") or permanently cancels the Share Index and no Successor Share Index exists (a "Share 
Index Cancellation") or (ii) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Averaging Date,
Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date in
respect of this Note, the Share Index Sponsor of any of the Indices fails to calculate and announce a
relevant Share Index (a "Share Index Disruption" and together with a Share Index Modification and a
Share Index Cancellation, each a "Share Index Adjustment Event"), then the Calculation Agent shall
determine if such Share Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Notes and, if so, shall
calculate the relevant Strike Price(s), Initial Price(s), Valuation Price(s), Final Price, Barrier, and any
other variable relevant to the redemption and the payment of the coupon amount or other terms of the
Notes as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that Share Index Adjustment Event,
using, in lieu of a published level for that Share Index, the level for that Share Index as at that Automatic
Early Redemption Valuation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out
Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Share Index last effect prior to the change,
failure or cancellation, but using only those securities that comprised that Share Index immediately prior
to that Share Index Adjustment Event; 
3.3
Correction of Share Index
In the event that any price or level published on the Exchange or by the Share Index Sponsor of any of
the Indices and which is utilised for any calculation or determination made under the Notes is
subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the Exchange or the Share Index Sponsor
within one Settlement Cycle after the original publication, the Issuer may notify the Noteholder of that
correction and the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is payable or deliverable as a result
of that correction. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of any the Indices, the period of Clearance System Business Days
following a trade in such shares on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according
to the rules of the Exchange (if there are multiple Exchanges in respect of the Share Index, the longest
such period). 
"Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a clearance system, any day on which such
clearance system is (but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for
the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Component Security, an event beyond the control
of the Hedging Party(ies) as a result of which the relevant clearance system cannot clear the transfer of
such Component Security. 
4.
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS
4.1
Definitions:
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of the following events: 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the
Hedging Party(ies) determine(s) in good faith that (X) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose
of Shares relating to the Hedging Transaction(s), or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in
performing its obligations (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in
tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Party(ies) is/are unable, after using commercially
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk of entering into and performing
its obligations, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), being
both transaction(s) and asset(s) to the Hedging Transaction(s).

--- Page 146 ---
- 130 -
"Hedging Party(ies)" means the Issuer and, if any, the entity with which the Issuer agrees the Hedging
Transaction(s).
"Hedging Transaction" means any transaction that the Issuer enters into in order to hedge its
obligations in respect of the Notes; 
"Insolvency Filing" means that the Share Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator,
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over
it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or
it consents to proceedings seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for
its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such
a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to
by the Share Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
Consequences: upon becoming aware of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer
may early redeem the Notes and therefore pay to the Noteholders the Early Redemption Amount
calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the outstanding Notes.

--- Page 147 ---
- 131 -
ANNEX 2 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES  
If specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Foreign
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes shall comprise the Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes set out below (the "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and subject to completion in the Applicable Transaction Terms.
In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note
Conditions, the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any
inconsistency between the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the Payout
Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or the Foreign Exchange
(FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions and (ii) the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Applicable Transaction Terms
shall prevail. 
1.
Non-EM Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1 apply unless EM Foreign
Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a Subject Currency in the
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(a)
Disruption Events
The occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of any Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or
Subject Currencies, shall be a "Disruption Event": 
(i)
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii)
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii)
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv)
General Inconvertibility; 
(v)
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi)
Material Change in Circumstance;
(vii)
Nationalisation; and/or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i) to (vii) above
(inclusive). 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with
Condition 13 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of
the Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date, a Settlement Price Date, Knock-in
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be.
(b)
Consequences of a Disruption Event
Upon a Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-
in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day (or, if different, the day on which prices for that
date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the relevant Price Source) as determined by the
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply the applicable Disruption Fallback in determining
the consequences of the Disruption Event. 
"Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for
determining the Settlement Price when a Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is an Averaging

--- Page 148 ---
- 132 -
Date, a Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day (or, if
different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced
by the Price Source). The Calculation Agent shall take the relevant actions specified in either (i), (ii) or
(iii) below: 
(i)
if an Averaging Date, a Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent will determine that the relevant
Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date, as the case may be, shall be the first succeeding
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day (in the case of the Strike Date or Valuation
Date) or Valid Date (in the case of an Averaging Date, Observation Date, Knock-in
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day), unless each of the number of consecutive
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately
following the originally scheduled Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, is a Disrupted Day in
which case the Calculation Agent may determine that the last such consecutive Scheduled
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be (irrespective, in the
case of an Averaging Date, Observation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out
Determination Day, of whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an
Averaging Date, Observation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination
Day, as the case may be) and may determine the Settlement Price (i) by using commercially
reasonable efforts to determine a Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on the last such
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day taking into consideration all available information that in
good faith it deems relevant, (ii) by using the adjustment(s) and/or calculations made by any
calculation agent of any Hedging Transaction to determine a Settlement Price as of the
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, or (iii) by using the
arithmetic mean of the applicable prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or
more financial institutions engaged in the trading of the relevant underlying; or 
(ii)
if an Averaging Date, a Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation Date, if Delayed
Redemption on the Occurrence of a Disruption Event is specified as being not applicable in the
Applicable Transaction Terms, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition
13 (Notices), the Issuer shall redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of such Note, less the cost to
the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all
as determined by the Calculation Agent (i) in its sole and absolute own discretion, (ii) taking
into account the calulations made by any calculation agent of any Hedging Transaction, or (iii)
by using the arithmetic mean of the applicable prices or middle market quotations provided to
it by two or more financial institutions engaged in the trading of the relevant underlying.
Payment shall be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance
with Condition 13 (Notices); or 
(iii)
if an Averaging Date, any Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation Date, if Delayed
Redemption on the Occurrence of a Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the
Applicable Transaction Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of
each Note less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related
hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount") as
soon as practicable following the occurrence of the Disruption Event (the "Calculated Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall
redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated
Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount plus interest accrued on the Calculated Foreign
Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount on a daily basis from and including the Calculated Foreign
Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date,
each such daily accrual rate being at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost on or about the relevant
day or (y) if greater, its nominal amount.

--- Page 149 ---
- 133 -
(c)
Postponement of payment or settlement days
Where any Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out
Determination Day is postponed as a consequence of the provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate
Linked Condition 1, then the corresponding date for payment or delivery of any asset shall fall on the
later of (a) the date for such payment or delivery otherwise determined in accordance with the Applicable
Transaction Terms and (b) the day falling on the Number of Postponement Settlement Days specified in
the Applicable Transaction Terms (or, if none are so specified, two Business Days) after the last
occurring Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock out
Determination Day, as the case may be. 
2.
EM Currency Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 2 apply where EM Foreign
Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a Subject Currency in the
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(a)
EM Disruption Events
If so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the occurrence of any of the following events, in
respect of any Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies, shall be an "EM Disruption 
Event": 
(i)
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii)
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii)
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv)
General Inconvertibility; 
(v)
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi)
Material Change in Circumstance; 
(vii)
Nationalisation;
(viii)
Price Materiality; ; and/or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i) to (viii) above
(inclusive). 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with
Condition 13 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of
the Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date, a Settlement Price Date, Knock-in
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be.
(b)
Consequences of an EM Disruption Event
Upon an EM Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date,
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be (or, if different, the
day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the relevant EM FX
Price Source) as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply in determining
the consequences of the EM Disruption Event: (a) EM Calculation Agent Determination where the
applicable EM Disruption Event is other than Price Source Disruption or Price Materiality; and (b) the
applicable EM Disruption Fallback where the applicable EM Disruption Event is a Price Source
Disruption or Price Materiality.

--- Page 150 ---
- 134 -
(c)
Unscheduled Holiday
If the Calculation Agent determines that a date that would otherwise have been a Settlement Price Date,
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is an Unscheduled
Holiday in respect of a Subject Currency, then such date shall be the immediately succeeding Scheduled
Trading Day after the occurrence of the Unscheduled Holiday, subject as provided above, and provided
that if such Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out
Determination Day, as the case may be, has not occurred on or before the EM Maximum Days of
Postponement following the originally designated Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, then the next Scheduled
Trading Day after such period that would have been a Scheduled Trading Day but for the Unscheduled
Holiday shall be deemed to be the relevant date for valuation and the Settlement Price shall be determined
by the Calculation Agent on such day (i) in its sole discretion acting in good faith having taken into
account relevant market practice and by reference to such additional source(s) as it deems appropriate,
(ii) according to the determinations made by the calculation agent to any Hedging Transactions, or (iii)
by using the arithmetic mean of the applicable prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two
or more financial institutions engaged in the trading of the relevant underlying. 
(d)
Cumulative Events
If "Cumulative Events" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of a
Settlement Currency then, in no event shall the total number of consecutive calendar days during which
a Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day
is deferred due to either (i) an Unscheduled Holiday or (ii) an EM Valuation Postponement (or a
combination of both (i) and (ii)) exceed the EM Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement in the
aggregate. If a Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out
Determination Day, as the case may be, is postponed by the number of calendar days equal to the EM
Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement and at the end of such period (i) an Unscheduled Holiday
shall have occurred or be continuing on the day immediately following such period (the "Final Day"),
then such Final Day shall be deemed to be the Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, and (ii) if a Price Source
Disruption shall have occurred or be continuing on the Final Day, then Valuation Postponement shall not
apply and the Settlement Price shall be determined in accordance with the next applicable EM Disruption
Fallback. 
(e)
Postponement of payment or settlement days
Where any Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out
Determination Day is postponed as a consequence of the provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate
Linked Condition 2, then the corresponding date for payment or delivery of any asset shall fall on the
later of (a) the date for such payment or delivery otherwise determined in accordance with the Applicable
Transaction Terms and (b) the day falling on the EM Number of Postponement Settlement Days specified
in the Applicable Transaction Terms (or, if none are so specified, two Business Days) after the last
occurring Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out
Determination Day, as the case may be. 
3.
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a)
This Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 3 is applicable only:
(i)
if "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in which
case any payment under the Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-
in Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii)
if "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in which
case any payment under the Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-
out Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
(b)
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Applicable Transaction
Terms is the Valuation Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation Time and if a Disruption Event or an

--- Page 151 ---
- 135 -
EM Disruption Event would otherwise have occurred on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out
Determination Day, then, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, such Knock-
in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of
a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
(c)
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Applicable Transaction
Terms is any time or period of time other than the Valuation Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation
Time during the regular trading hours for the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies
and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the
one-hour period that begins or ends at the time at which a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event would
otherwise have occurred, a Disruption Event or an EM Disruption Event occurs or exists, then, unless
otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event
shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
4.
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If "AER Value Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Applicable
Transaction Terms, then, unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic
Early Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period,
as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, all but
not some only of the Notes will be automatically redeemed on the Automatic Early Redemption Date
immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or the last day of the relevant
Automatic Early Redemption Period, as applicable, and the Issuer shall redeem each Note at an amount
equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
5.
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may
redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). If the Notes
are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him
which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note, taking into account the Additional Disruption
Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging
arrangements all as determined by the Calculation Agent (i) in its sole and absolute discretion, (ii)
according to the determinations made by the calculation agent to any Hedging Transactions, or (iii) by
using the arithmetic mean of the applicable prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or
more financial institutions engaged in the trading of the relevant underlying. Payments will be made in
such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
6.
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost
of Hedging, in each case if specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms, being a term defined in
Payout Condition 4.2. 
"AER Value Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is: 
(i)
greater than; 
(ii)
greater than or equal to; 
(iii)
less than; or 
(iv)
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Level, (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying as specified in the Applicable
Transaction Terms.

--- Page 152 ---
- 136 -
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal to
the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Payout set out in the
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction
Terms, or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day and no Noteholder shall
be entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of any such delay.
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified
as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions set
forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1 and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked
Condition 2. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Payout" is as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Applicable
Transaction Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange
(FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the
Applicable Transaction Terms, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the
Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate
Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable
Transaction Terms, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and,
in the event of an Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate
Linked Note Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day
determined in accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted
Day, then the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be delayed in accordance with the
corresponding provisions of the definition of Valuation Date which shall apply mutatis mutandis as if
references in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in the relevant
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Applicable
Transaction Terms. 
"Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if any
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are
specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms,
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any
such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note
Condition 1(b) shall apply, or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as
applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of an
Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note
Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined in
accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
"Base Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Applicable Transaction
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without
limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion
that it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes or it has become illegal to hold, acquire
or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes. 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that any of the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject
Currencies, splits into dual or multiple currency exchange rates.

--- Page 153 ---
- 137 -
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines that a
Disruption Event or EM Disruption Event has occurred. 
"EM Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for
determining the Settlement Price when an EM Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is an
Averaging Date, a Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day
(or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or
announced by the EM FX Price Source) being, in respect of a Subject Currency, any of EM Calculation
Agent Determination, EM First Fallback Reference Price, EM Second Fallback Reference Price and EM
Valuation Postponement, as so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms for such Subject Currency.
Where more than one EM Disruption Fallback is so specified then such EM Disruption Fallbacks shall
apply in the order in which they are specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms until the Settlement
Price can be determined for such exchange rate relating to that Settlement Currency for such Averaging
Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day.
Where: 
(a)
"EM Calculation Agent Determination" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine
the Settlement Price taking into consideration all information that it deems relevant. 
(b)
"EM First Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the
Settlement Price by reference to the applicable First Fallback Reference Price and, for which
purpose, references in the definition of Settlement Price to "EM FX Price Source", "EM
Valuation Time" and "EM Number of Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, to be
to "First Fallback EM FX Price Source", "First Fallback Valuation Time" and "First Fallback
EM Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such terms shall have the meanings given
to them in the Applicable Transaction Terms). 
(c)
"EM Second Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the
Settlement Price by reference to the applicable Second Fallback Reference Price and, for which
purpose, references in the definition of Settlement Price to "EM FX Price Source", "EM
Valuation Time" and "EM Number of Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, to be
to "Second Fallback EM FX Price Source", "Second Fallback Valuation Time" and "Second
Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such terms shall have the
meanings given to them in the Applicable Transaction Terms).
(d)
"EM Valuation Postponement" means that the Settlement Price shall be determined on the
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day unless the
Calculation Agent determines that no such Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted
Day has occurred on or before the day falling the EM Maximum Days of Postponement
following the originally designated Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination
Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be. In such event, the Settlement Price
shall be determined on the next Scheduled Trading Day after the EM Maximum Days of
Postponement (notwithstanding the fact that day may be a Disrupted Day) in accordance with
the next applicable EM Disruption Fallback.
"EM FX Price Source" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the price source(s) specified as such
in the Applicable Transaction Terms (or any successor to such price source(s) as determined by the
Calculation Agent).
"EM Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in
the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days. 
"EM Maximum Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in the Applicable
Transaction Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days.
"EM Number of Settlement Days" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the number of days on
which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of an EM Disruption Event would have
been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice
of the foreign exchange market) in the or each Settlement Day Centre specified as such in the Applicable

--- Page 154 ---
- 138 -
Transaction Terms (each, an "EM Settlement Day"). Where no such number or zero is so specified,
then such rate shall be for settlement on the same day.
"EM Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Applicable
Transaction Terms or, if no such percentage is specified, 3%.
"EM Primary Rate" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the rate specified as such for such Subject
Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"EM Secondary Rate" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the rate specified as such for such
Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"EM Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the time
at which the EM FX Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is
calculated. 
"General Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to
convert a Subject Currency into the Base Currency in a Subject Currency Jurisdiction through customary
legal channels. 
"General Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible
to deliver (A) the Base Currency from accounts inside a Subject Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside
a Subject Currency Jurisdiction or (B) the Subject Currency between accounts inside a Subject Currency
Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of a Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency,
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental
authority or (ii) any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets
(including the central bank), in each case in any relevant jurisdiction. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk of the Issuer
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit,
receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). Such event will not be
applicable in the case of Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or on EuroTLX. 
"Hedging Transaction" means any transaction that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor enter into in order
to hedge their obligations in respect of the Notes; 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the Base Currency,
Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent
to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the Calculation Agent to
hedge its obligations under the Notes (in one or more transaction(s)) on the relevant Averaging Date,
Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day (or, if different,
the day on which rates for such Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or
Knock-out Determination Day would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant
Price Source or EM FX Price Source). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain,
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including,
without limitation foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due
to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed
an Increased Cost of Hedging. Such event will not be applicable in the case of Notes admitted to trading
on SeDeX Market or on EuroTLX.

--- Page 155 ---
- 139 -
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction
Terms, or otherwise each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date.
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A):
(i)
greater than; 
(ii)
greater than or equal to; 
(iii)
less than; or 
(iv)
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Level or (B) within the Knock-in Range, (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day, or (y) in
respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Knock-in Level" means the FX Knock-in Level or the price, level, amount, percentage or value
specified as such or otherwise determined in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to
adjustment in accordance with the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition
1(a) and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1(b). 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms
or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in
the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, percentages or values specified as such
or otherwise determined in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time
to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 1 (Non-
EM Valuation and Disruption Provisions) or, as the case may be, Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked
Condition 2 (EM Currency Valuation and Disruption Provisions). 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day
specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or in the event that the Applicable Transaction
Terms does not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation
Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation Time. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms, being a term
defined in Payout Condition 4.2. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction
Terms, or otherwise each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period.
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i)
greater than;
(ii)
greater than or equal to;

--- Page 156 ---
- 140 -
(iii)
less than; or
(iv)
less than or equal to,
the Knock-out Level or (B) within the Knock-out Range, (x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or (y)
in respect of any Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms.
"Knock-out Level" means the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as such or otherwise
determined in the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Foreign
Exchange (FX) Linked Rate Condition 1(a) and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1(b). 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, percentages or values specified as such
or otherwise determined in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time
to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 1 (Non-
EM Valuation and Disruption Provisions) or, as the case may be, Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked
Condition 2 (EM Currency Valuation and Disruption Provisions). 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day
specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or in the event that the Applicable Transaction
Terms does not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the
Valuation Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation Time. 
"Knock-out Value" means the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as such or otherwise
determined in the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Foreign
Exchange (FX) Linked Rate Condition 1(a) and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1(b). 
"Material Change in Circumstance" means the occurrence of any event (other than those events
specified as Disruption Events or, as the case may be, EM Disruption Events) in the Subject Currency
Jurisdiction beyond the control of the parties to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Notes which
makes it impossible (A) for a party to fulfil its obligations under the hedging arrangement or (B) generally
to fulfil obligations similar to such party's obligations under that hedging arrangement. 
"Nationalisation" means any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by
any Governmental Authority which deprives a party to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Notes of
all or substantially all of its assets in the Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if any
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are
specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms,
the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any
such day is the Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note
Condition 1(b) shall apply, or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as
applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of an
Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note
Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined in
accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(b) shall apply.

--- Page 157 ---
- 141 -
"Price Materiality" means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the EM Primary Rate
differs from any EM Secondary Rate by at least the EM Price Materiality Percentage or if there are
insufficient responses on the relevant Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination
Day or Knock-out Determination Day to any survey used to calculate any such rate, then the EM Price
Materiality Percentage will be deemed to be met.
"Price Source" means the published source, information vendor or provider containing or reporting the
rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated as specified in the Applicable Transaction
Terms. 
"Price Source Disruption" means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which the
Settlement Price is calculated. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the relevant page specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms
or any successor to such page or service acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means:
(a)
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as not applicable in respect of
a Subject Currency, a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a
Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange
in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the principal financial
centre of each of the Base Currency and the Subject Currency or Subject Currencies. In the case
of euro, for these purposes, the principal financial centre shall be deemed to mean each of
Frankfurt and Brussels; and 
(b)
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a
Subject Currency, a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of an
EM Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign
exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the or each
EM Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms
provided that where the Subject Currency is BRL, then notwithstanding the foregoing, if the
Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out
Determination Day falls on a date that, as the Trade Date, is not a scheduled day on which
commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of an EM Disruption Event would have
been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market
practice of the foreign exchange market) in New York City (an "NYC Business Day"), then
no adjustment to such date shall be made on account of the fact that such date is not an NYC
Business Day. 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes
Condition 1 or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes Condition 2 above, as the case may be: 
(a)
in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes relating to a basket of Subject
Currencies and in respect of a Subject Currency: 
(i)
unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in
respect of such Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the spot rate of
exchange appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time or Knock-in
Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on (a) if Averaging is not
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date,
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange
of such Subject Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or
part units) of such Subject Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be
exchanged) or, if such rate is not available, the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary,
to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as determined by or on
behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Subject Currency/Base Currency
exchange rates (expressed as aforesaid) at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation
Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on the relevant Settlement Price

--- Page 158 ---
- 142 -
Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day,
as the case may be, of two or more leading dealers (as selected by the Calculation
Agent) on a foreign exchange market (as selected by the Calculation Agent), multiplied
by the relevant Weighting; or 
(ii)
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in
respect of such Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the rate of
exchange appearing on the EM FX Price Source at the EM Valuation Time or Knock-
in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on (a) if Averaging is
not specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date,
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange
of such Subject Currency per one unit of the Base Currency for settlement on the EM
Number of Settlement Days, multiplied by the relevant Weighting; and 
(b)
in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes relating to a single Subject Currency: 
(i)
unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in
respect of such Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, an amount
equal to the spot rate of exchange appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the
Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as
applicable, on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms,
the relevant Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out
Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is specified in the Applicable Transaction
Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange of such Subject Currency into the Base
Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Subject Currency for
which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged) or, if such rate is not available,
the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being
rounded upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid
and offer Subject Currency/Base Currency exchange rates (expressed as aforesaid) at
the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as
applicable, on the relevant Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, of two or
more leading dealers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) on a foreign exchange
market (as selected by the Calculation Agent); or 
(ii)
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in
respect of such Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the rate of
exchange appearing on the EM FX Price Source at the EM Valuation Time or Knock-
in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on (a) if Averaging is
not specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date,
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange
of such Subject Currency per one unit of the Base Currency for settlement on the EM
Number of Settlement Days. 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Strike Date,
Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the Applicable
Transaction Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if such day is
not a Scheduled Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as
applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any
such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note
Condition 1(b) (Consequences of a Disruption Event), or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate
Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable
Transaction Terms, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and,

--- Page 159 ---
- 143 -
in the event of an Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate
Linked Note Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day
determined in accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions
of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Subject Currency" means the currency(ies) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms
(together, "Subject Currencies"). 
"Subject Currency Jurisdiction" means each country for which the relevant Subject Currency is the
lawful currency. 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means a day that is not a Scheduled Trading Day and the market was not aware
of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available information)
until a time later than 9:00 a.m. local time in the principal financial centre of the Subject Currency two
Scheduled Trading Days prior to the relevant scheduled Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-
in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day. 
"Valid Date" means, in respect of an Averaging Date or an Observation Date or Knock-in Determination
Day or Knock-out Determination Day, a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on
which another Averaging Date or Observation Date or Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out
Determination Day, respectively, does not occur. 
"Valuation Date" means any Coupon Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the case
may be, specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day,
(a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the
relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the immediately succeeding Scheduled
Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which
case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 1(b) shall apply, or (b) where
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject
Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for
such Subject Currency and, in the event of an Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation
Agent, the resultant day determined in accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) day is a Disrupted Day, in
which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
"Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the time at
which the Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated. 
"Weighting" means, in relation to a Subject Currency, the percentage specified as such in the Applicable
Transaction Terms.

--- Page 160 ---
- 144 -
ANNEX 3 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR REFERENCE RATE LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Reference
Rate Linked Notes shall comprise the Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Reference Rate
Linked Notes set out below (the "Reference Rate Linked Note Conditions"), together with the terms and
conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms
and subject to completion in the Applicable Transaction Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the
Conditions and the Reference Rate Linked Note Conditions, the Reference Rate Linked Note Conditions shall
prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Reference Rate Linked Note Conditions and the Payout
Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions
and/or the Reference Rate Linked Note Conditions and (ii) the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Applicable
Transaction Terms shall prevail.
1.
Definitions 
"Disrupted Day" shall have the meaning given to it in Reference Rate Linked Note Condition 3
(Disruption to valuation). 
"Reference Rate Linked Note Condition" means each condition specified in this Annex 3. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" shall, in respect of a Reference Rate, have the meaning given to it for such
Reference Rate in the Applicable Transaction Terms.
2.
Valuation 
(a)
Closing Valuations 
"Reference Rate Closing Level" means, in respect of a Reference Rate and a Valuation Date, the
interest rate (expressed as a percentage) specified to be such Reference Rate for the relevant designated
maturity (where applicable) on such Valuation Date, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of
the Relevant Time. For the avoidance of doubt, a Reference Rate will be determined as of the Relevant
Time which may not be the "closing time" and a Reference Rate may only be determined once on any
Scheduled Trading Day.
(b)
Relevant Time and Valuation Date 
"Relevant Time" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the time specified for such Reference Rate in
the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Valuation Date" means any Coupon Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the case
may be, specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day,
then the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding day immediately following such Valuation Date
which is a Scheduled Trading Day for the Reference Rate, unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent
such day is a Disrupted Day for the Reference Rate, in which case Condition 4(a) (Determination of the
Reference Rate Closing Level on a Disrupted Day) below shall apply. 
3.
Disruption to valuation 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Reference
Rate on which the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the percentage rate of such Reference Rate
for such Scheduled Trading Day does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page and/or the Reference Rate
is not provided or published by the relevant administrator or a relevant authorised distributor and/or a
component of the relevant Reference Rate is not provided or published.

--- Page 161 ---
- 145 -
4.
Additional provisions 
(a)
Determination of the Reference Rate Closing Level on a Disrupted Day 
If any Valuation Date(s) is a Disrupted Day for a Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent shall be entitled
to determine the Reference Rate Closing Level of such Reference Rate for the Valuation Date at such
time as it deems appropriate and in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, having regard
to such sources as it deems appropriate and taking into account any alternative benchmark then available
and prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives
market). For the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, the Calculation Agent may determine the
relevant Reference Rate Closing Level for such Valuation Date by reference to one of the following: 
(i)
the Reference Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) published on the
relevant Scheduled Trading Day on a different screen page by another authorised distributor of
the relevant Reference Rate; 
(ii)
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate or the
supervisor or competent authority (or a committee endorsed or convened by any such entity)
responsible for supervising the relevant Reference Rate or the administrator thereof; or 
(iii)
the Reference Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) last provided or
published by the relevant administrator; or 
(iv)
the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by the Calculation
Agent on a date determined by the Calculation Agent for a representative amount (and, where
relevant with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market) and, if applicable, for
a term equal to the designated maturity, calculated in the manner determined by the Calculation
Agent. 
The determination of a Valuation Date for a Reference Rate as provided above should occur at the latest
on the second Scheduled Trading Day for such Reference Rate prior to the date on which a relevant
payment is scheduled to be made under the Notes. 
(b)
Reference Rate Event 
Notwihstanding anything to the contrary in this Reference Rate Linked Note Conditions, Condition 4(e)
(Reference Rate Event) applies.

--- Page 162 ---
- 146 -
ANNEX 4 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
If specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to payouts
shall comprise the Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for payouts set out below (the "Payout 
Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and subject to completion in the Applicable Transaction Terms.
In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or any other Annex and (ii) the Payout Conditions,
the Payout Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or any other
Annex and/or the Payout Conditions and (ii) the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Applicable Transaction Terms
shall prevail.
1.
REFERENCE ITEM LINKED NOTES 
(a)
Use of Payout Conditions 
These Payout Conditions set out the methodology for determining various payouts and product features
in respect of the Notes. The applicable text shown in Payout Conditions 2, 3 and 4 below will be
extracted, included and completed at the paragraph indicated in the Applicable Transaction Terms on the
basis that (i) applicable text (including, where appropriate, section headings and terms defined in Payout
Condition 4 which are required to be completed) from the relevant Payout Condition will be set out at
the paragraph indicated in the Applicable Transaction Terms and (ii) inapplicable text (and any terms
defined in Payout Condition 4 which are not required to be completed) need not be included. For the
avoidance of doubt, a Rate of Interest or a Final Payout may equal the sum of two or more payouts. 
(b)
Use of Terms 
Terms in these Payout Conditions or in the Applicable Transaction Terms may be attributed a numerical
or letter suffix value when included in the Applicable Transaction Terms. Without limitation, the suffix
can be denoted as "j", "k", "m", "q", "n", "t", "i", "A", "B", "C" or "1", "2", "3" etc. and the term
may be completed on the basis of the number or numbers represented by "j", "k", "m", "q", "n", "t",
"i", "A", "B", "C" or "1", "2", "3" etc. as chosen at the time of an issue of Notes. Moreover suffixes
may be placed in series as necessary, such as "A(1)", "B(1)", "C(1)" etc. When applicable and in order
to improve the reading and intelligibility of the formula(e) in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the
applicable suffixes may be included, completed and the relation between the term and the suffix will be
explained and may be presented as a table, if necessary, in the Applicable Transaction Terms. A term in
Payout Condition 4 may be included in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms section more than
once if there is more than one number represented by the term "n", "t" or "i". Conjunctions (e.g. or,
and, but) and punctuation may also be included where appropriate. Suffixes may denote that a relevant
term relates to an asset, item or date associated with that suffix. 
The constituent parts of any formula(e) or term(s) used in these Payout Conditions and that are to be
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms may be replaced in the Applicable Transaction Terms by
the prescribed amount, level, or percentage or other value or term (the "Variable Data"). If a Variable
Data has a value of either zero or one, or is not applicable in respect of the relevant formula(e), then the
related formula(e) may be simplified, for the purpose of improving the reading and intelligibility in the
formula(e) in Applicable Transaction Terms, by deleting such Variable Data. 
(c)
Note types 
The Applicable Transaction Terms will specify the Interest Basis applicable in respect of a Note. Such
Notes are, where the Interest Basis is: Equity Linked, an "Equity Linked Interest Note"; Reference
Item Rate Linked, a "Reference Item Rate Linked Interest Note", Reference Rate Linked, a
"Reference Rate Linked Interest Note" or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked, a "Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Linked Interest Note"; (each, a "Reference Item Linked Interest Note"). The Notes can
also bear no interest in which case the Notes may be Zero Coupon Notes, if so specified in the Applicable
Transaction Terms. 
The Applicable Transaction Terms will specify the Redemption/Payment Basis applicable in respect of
a Note. Such Notes are, where the Redemption/Payment Basis is: Equity Linked, an "Equity Linked

--- Page 163 ---
- 147 -
Redemption Note"; Reference Item Rate Linked, a "Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption Note";
or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked, a "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Redemption Note";
(each, a "Reference Item Linked Redemption Note"). 
2.
Interest Rates Payout Formula(e) and Final Payouts for Reference Item Linked Notes 
2.1
Interest Rate Payout Formula(e) 
For insertion and completion into Paragraph 19(vi) (Rate of Interest) in the Applicable Transaction
Terms. Note: where a Rate of Interest is a fixed or floating rate, paragraph 19 or 20 as applicable, in
the Applicable Transaction Terms should be completed.
(i)
"Rate of Interest (i)" 
Rate(i) 
(ii)
"Rate of Interest (ii)" - "Index Coupon" 
(A) If it is reference to the positive performance of the reference item:
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; (
(𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
))) OR 
(𝑀𝑎𝑥 (𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛∗(
(𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)))
(B) If it is reference to the positive performance of the reference item and a cap: 
(𝑀𝑎𝑥 (𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; (
(𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)]))
(C) If it is reference to the negative performance of the reference item:
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 ; (
(𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)))
𝑂𝑅
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 ; (
(𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)))
(D) If it is reference to the positive performance of the Basket:
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor Percentage ; ( 𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔1 ∗
(𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1−𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1
+ 𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔2 ∗  
(𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2−𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2
+
[… ] + 𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑛∗
(𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑛−𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑛)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑛
)))

--- Page 164 ---
- 148 -
OR 
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor Percentage ; ( 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−1))) 
(E) If it is reference to the negative performance of the Basket:
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor Percentage; ( 1 −𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔1 ∗
(𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1−𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1)
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1
+ 𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔2 ∗  
(𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2−𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2)
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2
+
[… ] + 𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑛∗
(𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑛−𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑛)
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑛
))) 
OR 
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor Percentage; ( 1 −𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔1 ∗
(𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1−𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1
+ 𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔2 ∗  
(𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2−𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙  𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2
+
[… ] + 𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑛∗
(𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑛−𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑛)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑛
))) 
OR 
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor Percentage; ( 1 −𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 ))) 
(F) If it is reference to the positive performance of the worst-performing reference item of a
basket of reference items:
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor Percentage; (
(𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)))
(G) If it is reference to the negative performance of the worst performing reference item of a
basket of reference items 
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor Percentage; (
(𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒− 𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
))) OR

--- Page 165 ---
- 149 -
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor Percentage; (
(𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒− 𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)))
(H) If it is reference to the positive performance of the best-performing reference item of a
basket of reference items:
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor Percentage; (
(𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)))
(I) If is reference to the negative performance of the best-performing reference item of a number
of reference items:
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor Percentage; (
(𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒− 𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
))) OR 
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor Percentage;(
(𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒− 𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)))
(iii)
"Rate of Interest (iii)" - "Digital Coupon" 
(A)
If the [Barrier Count Condition] [Coupon Barrier Condition [1]] is satisfied in respect
of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date [(n)]][ST Coupon Valuation Period [(n)]]: 
[Constant Percentage[1]]
(B)
Otherwise:
[Constant Percentage [2]].
(iv)
"Rate of Interest (iv)"-"Digital Coupon Podium" 
(A)
If the [Barrier Count Condition [1]] [Coupon Barrier Condition [1]] is satisfied in
respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date [(n)]][ST Coupon Valuation Period [(n)]]: 
[Constant Percentage [1]]; or
(B)
If the [Barrier Count Condition [2]] [Coupon Barrier Condition [2]] is satisfied in
respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date [(n)]][ST Coupon Valuation Period [(n)]] and
[Barrier Count Condition [1]] [Coupon Barrier Condition [1]] is not satisfied in respect
of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date [(n)]][ST Coupon Valuation Period [(n)]]:
[Constant Percentage [2]];
(C)
Otherwise: 
[Constant Percentage [3]]. 
(The above provisions of paragraph (B) may be duplicated in case more than two Coupon
Barriers apply)

--- Page 166 ---
- 150 -
(v)
"Rate of Interest (v)" - "Digital Memory Coupon"  
(A)
If the [Barrier Count Condition] [Coupon Barrier Condition [1]] is satisfied in respect
of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date [(n)]][ST Coupon Valuation Period [(n)]]: 
𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 [1] ∗(𝑛)
where (n) is equal to to number of [ST Coupon Valuation Dates][ST Coupon Valuation
Periods] occurred since the Issue Date 
(B)
Otherwise: 
Constant Percentge [2].
(vi)
"Rate of Interest (vi)" - "Digital Memory Coupon without Coupons paid"
(A)
If the[Barrier Count Condition] [Coupon Barrier Condition [1]] is satisfied in respect
of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date [(n)]][ST Coupon Valuation Period [(n)]]: 
𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 [1] ∗(𝑛) −𝐴𝑔𝑔𝑟𝑒𝑔𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑣𝑖𝑜𝑢𝑠𝑙𝑦 𝑃𝑎𝑖𝑑 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛𝑠
where (n) is equal to to number of [ST Coupon Valuation Dates][ST Coupon Valuation
Periods]occurred since the Issue Date 
(B)
Otherwise: 
Constant Percentge [2]. 
(vii)
"Rate of Interest (vii)" - "Performance Coupon"  
(A)
If the [Barrier Count Condition] [Coupon Barrier Condition [1]] is satisfied in respect
of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date [(n)]][ST Coupon Valuation Period [(n)]]: 
(a)
If it is reference to one reference item: 
[𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒;
(𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)]
(b)
If it is reference to a basket of reference items: 
[𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒;
(𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)]
(c)
If it is reference to the worst-performing reference item of a basket of
reference items: 
[𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒;
(𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)]
(d)
If it is reference to the best-performing reference item of a basket of reference
items: 
[𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒;
(𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)]

--- Page 167 ---
- 151 -
(B)
Otherwise: 
Constant Percentage [1]. 
(viii)
"Rate of Interest (viii)" - "Capped Performance Coupon"  
(A)
If the [Barrier Count Condition] [Coupon Barrier Condition [1]] is satisfied in respect
of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date [(n)]][ST Coupon Valuation Period [(n)]]: 
(a)
If it is reference to one reference item: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒;
(𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
])
(b)
If it is reference to the worst-performing reference item of a basket of
reference items: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒;
(𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
])
(c)
If it is reference to a basket of reference items: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒;
(𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
])
(d)
If it is reference to the best-performing reference item of a basket of reference
items: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒;
(𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
])
(B)
Otherwise: 
Constant Percentage [1]. 
(ix)
"Rate of Interest (ix)" - "Absolute Performance Coupon"  
(A)
If the [Barrier Count Condition] [Coupon Barrier Condition [1]] is satisfied in respect
of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date [(n)]][ST Coupon Valuation Period [(n)]]: 
(a)
If it is reference to one reference item: 
(
𝑎𝑏𝑠 (𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)
(b)
If it is reference to the worst-performing reference item of a basket of
reference items: 
(
𝑎𝑏𝑠 (𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)

--- Page 168 ---
- 152 -
(c)
If it is reference to a basket of reference items 
(
𝑎𝑏𝑠 (𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)
(d)
If it is reference to the best-performing reference item of a basket of reference
items: 
(
𝑎𝑏𝑠 (𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)
(B) 
Otherwise: 
Constant Percentage [1]. 
(x)
"Rate of Interest (x)" - "Capped Absolute Performance Coupon"  
(A)
If the [Barrier Count Condition] [Coupon Barrier Condition [1]] is satisfied in respect
of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date [(n)]][ST Coupon Valuation Period [(n)]]: 
(a)
If it is reference to one reference item 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 (𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 
𝑎𝑏𝑠 (𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
])
(b)
If it is reference to the worst-performing underlying of a basket of reference
items: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 (𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 
𝑎𝑏𝑠 (𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
])
(c)
If it is reference to a basket of reference items:
𝑀𝑎𝑥 (𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝑀𝑖𝑛 [𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 
𝑎𝑏𝑠 (𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
])
(d)
If it is reference to the best-performing reference item of a basket of reference
items: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 (𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝑀𝑖𝑛 [𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 
𝑎𝑏𝑠 (𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
])
(B)
Otherwise: 
Constant Percentage [1].
(xi)
"Rate of Interest (xi)" - "Guaranteed Coupon" 
Coupon Value (i). 
(xii)
"Rate of Interest (xii)"-"Cliquet with restrike" 
∑
𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝑀𝑖𝑛 [𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 (𝑖)−𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 (i−1)
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 (𝑖−1)
])
𝑇
𝑖=1
OR

--- Page 169 ---
- 153 -
𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; ∑
𝑀𝑖𝑛 [𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 (𝑖)−𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 (i−1)
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 (𝑖−1)
]
𝑇
𝑖=1
)
(xiii)
"Rate of Interest (xiii)"-"Cliquet without restrike" 
∑
𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝑀𝑖𝑛 [𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 (𝑖)−𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
])
𝑇
𝑖=1
OR 
𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; ∑
𝑀𝑖𝑛 [𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 (𝑖)−𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
]
𝑇
𝑖=1
)
(xiv)
"Rate of Interest (xiv)"-"Capped Floored Floater" 
𝑀𝑖𝑛 (𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒[+𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛]])
2.2
(x) 
Final Payouts Formula(e) 
For completion and insertion into Paragraph 29 (Final Payout) of the applicable Final Terms or
Paragraph 31 (Final Payout) (or other relevant paragraph) of the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(i)
"Redemption (i)"  
(A)
If Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1]; or 
(B)
Otherwise if Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST
Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
(a)
[Constant Percentage 2] 
(b)
If it is reference to one reference item 
i)
( 
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
ii)
Or; 
100% −𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(1) ∗
(
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(2)∗𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)]
(c)
If it is reference to the worst-performing reference item of a number of
reference items 
i)
( 
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒); 
ii)
Or: 
100% −𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(1) ∗
(
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(2)∗𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)]

--- Page 170 ---
- 154 -
(d)
If it is reference to basket of reference items 
i)
( 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒); 
ii)
Or: 
100% −𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(1) ∗
(
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(2)∗𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)]
(e)
If it is reference to the best-performing reference item of a number of
reference items 
i)
 ( 
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
ii)
Or: 
100% −𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(1) ∗
(
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(2)∗𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)]
(f)
If it is reference to a number of reference items 
(Max (Floor Percentage;
1
k ∗(
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 1
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1 + 
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 2
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2 + [… ] +
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑛
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑛)))
(ii)
"Redemption (ii)"  
(A)
If no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 1]; or 
(B)
Otherwise, if a Knock-in Event has occurred and if the Final Redemption Condition is
satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation
Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 2];
(C) 
Otherwise, if a Knock-in Event has occurred and if Final Redemption Condition is not
satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation
Period]: 
(a)
If it is reference to one reference item 
i)
( 
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
ii)
Or:

--- Page 171 ---
- 155 -
- 
100% −𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(1) ∗(𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(2)∗𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)]
(b)
If it is reference to the worst-performing reference item of a number of
reference items 
i)
 ( 
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
ii)
Or: 
- 
100% −𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(1) ∗
(𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(2)∗𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)]
(c)
If it is reference to a basket of reference items 
i)
( 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
ii)
Or: 
- 
100% −𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(1) ∗
(𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(2)∗𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)]
(d)
If it is reference to the best-performing reference item of a number of
reference items 
i)
 ( 
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
ii)
Or: 
100% −𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(1) ∗
(𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(2)∗𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)]

--- Page 172 ---
- 156 -
(e)
If it is reference to a number of reference items 
(Max (Floor Percentage;
1
k ∗(
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 1
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1 + 
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 2
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2 + [… ] +
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑛
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑛)))
(iii)
"Redemption (iii)"  
(A)
If Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
100% 
(B)
Otherwise if Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST
Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
(a)
[Constant Percentage 1] 
(b)
If it is reference to one reference item: 
i)
( 
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
ii)
Or: 
100% −𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(1) ∗(𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(2)∗𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)]
(c)
If it is reference to the worst-performing reference item of a number of
reference items: 
i)
( 
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
ii)
Or: 
100% −𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(1) ∗
(𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(2)∗𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)]
(d)
If it is reference to a basket of reference items: 
i)
( 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
ii)
Or: 
100% −𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(1) ∗
(𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(2)∗𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)]

--- Page 173 ---
- 157 -
(e)
If it is reference to the best-performing reference item of a number of
reference items: 
i)
 ( 
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
ii)
Or: 
- 
100% −𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(1) ∗
(𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒(2)∗𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)]
(f)
If it is reference to a basket of reference items: 
(Max (Floor Percentage;
1
k ∗(𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 1
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1 + 
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 2
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2 + [… ] +
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑛
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑛)))
(g)
If it is reference to one reference item: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; (
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒∗
1
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒)]
(h)
If it is reference to the worst-performing reference item of a number of
reference items: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; (
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒∗
1
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒)]
(i)
If it is reference to a basket of reference items: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; (
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒∗
1
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒)]
(j)
If it is reference to the best-performing reference item of a number of
reference items: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; (
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒∗
1
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒)]
(k)
If it is reference to a number of reference items:
𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒; {(
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 1
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 1 +
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 2
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 2 + [… ] +
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑛
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑛) ∗
1
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒}]

--- Page 174 ---
- 158 -
3.
Automatic Early Redemption Amounts 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and an
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then: 
The following formula shall be inserted and completed in Automatic Early Redemption Payout under
Paragraph 28(iv) of the applicable Final Terms (Automatic Early Redemption Payout) or Paragraph
30(iv) (Automatic Early Redemption Payout) (or other relevant Paragraph) of the applicable Pricing
Supplement. 
4.
Definitions 
4.1
General Definitions 
"AER Additional Rate" means, in respect of a [ST ER Valuation Date] [or] [ST ER Valuation Period],
the AER Rate. 
"AER Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"AER Rate" means [specify rate]. 
"AER Reference Item Rate" means [specify floating rate]. 
"AER Value" means [specify value from Payout Condition 4.2]. 
"Aggregate Previously Paid Coupons" means the aggregate of all coupon payments made in respect
of a Note since the Issue Date, measured in per cent. of the Calculation Amount and determined by the
Calculation Agent. 
"Basket" means: (a) if the relevant Reference Items are Share Indices, the Share Index Basket (as
defined in the Equity Linked Conditions) as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; and (b) if the
relevant Reference Items are Shares, the Share Basket (as defined in the Equity Linked Conditions) as
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in each case subject to Weightings if specified in the
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Cap" means [specify amount or number]. 
"Cap (i)" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date or ST Coupon Valuation Period, [specify
amount or number]. 
"Cap Percentage[1][2][3][4]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Constant Percentage[1][2][3][4]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Coupon Barrier[1][2][3][4][5]" means [specify amount, percentage or number]. 
"Coupon Barrier Value" means, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date] [ST Coupon Valuation
Period], [and in respect of [each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined
term from Payout Condition 4.2].
"Coupon Value[(i)]" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date or ST Coupon Valuation Period,
[specify defined term from Payout Condition 4.2].
"Current Coupon Rate" means the Rate of Interest which would have applied to the Current Interest
Period had an Automatic Early Redemption Event not occurred.

--- Page 175 ---
- 159 -
"Current Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction which would have applied to the Current
Interest Period or the Final Interest Period, as applicable had an Automatic Early Redemption Event not
occured. 
"Current Interest Period" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the
Interest Period during which such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date falls. 
"Final AER Interest Rate" means [insert one of the following:] [specify] [zero] 
[If capped and guaranteed:]
[If not capped or guaranteed:] [the Current Coupon Rate multiplied by the Current Day Count Fraction.] 
[If capped only:] [Min [Current Coupon Rate * Current Day Count Fraction.] 
[If guaranteed only:] [Max [Current Coupon Rate * Current Day Count Fraction.] 
"Final Coupon Rate" means [specify defined term from Payout Condition 4.2]. 
"Final Interest Rate" means [insert one of the following][specify][zero] 
[If capped and guaranteed:] [the AER Percentage] less Paid Coupon Percentage.] 
[If not capped or guaranteed:] [the Final Coupon Rate multiplied by the Current Day Count Fraction.] 
[If capped only:] [Min [Final Coupon Rate * Current Day Count Fraction; [AER Percentage] less Paid
Coupon Percentage].] 
[If guaranteed only:] [Max [Final Coupon Rate * Current Day Count Fraction; [AER Percentage] less
Paid Coupon Percentage].] 
"Final Redemption Condition Level [1][2][3][4]" means [specify amount or percentage or number]. 
"Final Redemption Value" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period][specify
defined term from Payout Condition 4.2]. 
"Floor Percentage [1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Forward" means FR Value – Strike Percentage. 
"FR Additional Rate" means [FR Rate][FR MT up Rate][FR Rate DCF][FR Rate MT]. 
"FR Cap Percentage" means [specify percentage].
"FR Condition Level" means [specify percentage, amount or number]. 
"FR Constant Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Floor Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Leverage" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR MT up Rate" means:
(a)
[insert if cap is applicable][Min [Max [FR Floor Percentage; FR Leverage * (FR Value – FR
Strike Percentage) + FR Spread]; FR Cap Percentage] + FR Constant Percentage].] 
(b)
[insert if cap is not applicable] [Max [FR Floor Percentage; FR Leverage * (FR Value – FR
Strike Percentage) + FR Spread + FR Constant Percentage].]

--- Page 176 ---
- 160 -
"FR Rate" means [specify rate]. 
"FR Rate DCF" means a percentage calculated as the product of the FR Rate and the applicable Day
Count Fraction. 
"FR Rate MT" means the product of (a) [specify rate] and (b) the number of [Interest Periods][ST
Valuation Dates] from and including the Issue Date to [and including][but excluding] the [Interest Period
in which the relevant ST Valuation Date falls][date of the relevant ST Valuation Date]. 
"FR Spread" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Strike Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Value" means, in respect of a [ST FR Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Date] [ST FR Valuation
Period], [specify defined term from Payout Condition 4.2]. 
"FX" is the relevant RI FX Level(i) on the relevant ST Valuation Date or if that is not a Business Day
the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, [insert, or describe
dates, including any Business Day adjustment]. 
"K" means [specify number], being the total number of Reference Items in the Basket. 
"Knock-in Value" in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] [and in respect of
[each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from Payout
Condition 4.2]. 
"Knock-out Value" in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] [and in respect of
[each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from Payout
Condition 4.2]. 
"Leverage" means [specify amount or percentage]. 
"Leverage [(i)]" means, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date] [or] [ST Coupon Valuation Period],
[specify amount or percentage for each ST Coupon Valuation Date or ST Coupon Valuation Period].
"Leverage [1][2]" means, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date] [or] [ST Coupon Valuation
Period], [specify amount or percentage for each ST Coupon Valuation Date or ST Coupon Valuation
Period].
"M" means a series of ST Valuation Dates or ST Valuation Periods. 
"Max" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of the amounts
separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Min" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the lesser of the amounts
separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Min Coupon" means [specify percentage].
"n" means in respect of "Rate of Interest []”, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the number
calculated as: the number of ST Coupon Valuation Dates (in the period from the Issue Date to and
including such ST Coupon Valuation Date) on which the Barrier Count Condition is satisfied.
"N" means in respect of "Rate of Interest [] " and in respect of "Rate of Interest (xvii) – Podium",
[specify number] being the maximum number of times that the Barrier Count Condition may be satisfied
from [and including] the Issue Date to [but excluding] the Maturity Date.

--- Page 177 ---
- 161 -
"Option" means [Forward].
"Paid Coupon Percentage" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the
sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period as the product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) the
Day Count Fraction, for each Interest Period preceding the Current Interest Period (in the case of an
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date). 
"Participation (i)" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date or ST Coupon Valuation Period,
[specify amount or number]. 
"Previous Interest" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the Rate of Interest determined
on the ST Coupon Valuation Date immediately preceding such ST Coupon Valuation Date or, in respect
of the first ST Coupon Valuation Date, zero. 
"Rate[(i)] [A][B][C]" means, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation
Period], [specify fixed rate][specify floating rate determined on the basis set out in item 20 of the
Applicable Transaction Terms][[+/-][specify margin]%]. 
"Rate(n)" (from n=1 to n=N) means on any ST Coupon Valuation Date, the rate specified in the
Applicable Transaction Terms and associated with the number of times that Barrier Count Condition is
satisfied on the relevant ST Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Reference Item [1][2]….[N] or RI [1][2]….[N]" means the asset or reference basis specified as such
in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Reference Item Rate [1][2]" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, a ST Coupon Valuation Date
or a ST Coupon Valuation Period, the relevant Rate of Interest determined pursuant to Condition 4(b).
For this purpose, references in Condition 4(b) to the applicable Rate of Interest being determined for
each Interest Period shall be construed to be to such Rate of Interest being determined for the applicable
ST Valuation Date, ST Coupon Valuation Date or, as the case may be, ST Coupon Valuation Period. The
publication requirements set out in Condition 4(b)(xi) shall not apply where the Rate of Interest is a
Reference Item Rate only. 
"Reference Spread [1][2]" means Reference Item Rate [1][2] minus Reference Item Rate [1][2].[NB
Complete Reference Item Rates 1 and 2 to reflect ISDA Determination for relevant CMS rates. Repeat
for further Reference Spread(s) as necessary]
"RI Weighting [1][2]….[N]" means, in respect of a Reference Item contained in the Basket, the relevant
weighting specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"T" means: [specify number], being the total number of ST Coupon Valuation Dates from and including
the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Total M" means: [specify number], being the total number of [ST Valuation Dates][ST Valuation
Periods] for the Notes. 
"Weighting" means [specify in relation to each Reference Item comprising the Basket]. 
4.2
Value Definitions 
"Basket Closing Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the Basket Value on such ST
Valuation Date which will be based on the RI Closing Values of each Reference Item. 
"Basket Initial Value" means [100% or 1][specifiy amount or percentage]. 
"Basket Performance [A][B]" means in respect of a ST Valuation Date and in respect of Reference
Item(s) [from (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], (a) the Basket Value [A][B] in respect of such ST
Valuation Date minus (b) [100%][Strike Percentage].

--- Page 178 ---
- 162 -
"Basket Value [A][B]" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date and in respect of Reference Item(s)
[from (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], the sum of the values calculated for each Reference Item in the
Basket calculated as the product of (a) the RI Value for such Reference Item in respect of such ST
Valuation Date and (b) the relevant Weighting of such Reference Item. 
"Best-Performing Reference Item" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][ST FR Valuation Date], the Reference Item in respect of which the
ratio of (i) the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of such [ST Valuation Date][ST
Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] [ST FR Valuation Date] divided by (ii) the
relevant RI Initial Value results in the highest or equal highest value. 
"Best Value" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon
Valuation Period], the RI Value for [the Best-Performing Reference Item][the Reference Item(s) with
the highest or equal highest RI Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST
Valuation Date]. 
"Calculated Coupon Percentage" means, in respect of any ST Coupon Valuation Date, the sum of the
values calculated for each prior ST Coupon Valuation Date (if any) as the Rate of Interest, where
applicable multiplied by the Day Count Fraction.
"FX Closing Level" means the RI FX Level for a Reference Item on the Strike Date. 
"FX Forward Rate" means, in relation to any day, the forward rate in relation to a non-deliverable
forward rate transaction for the exchange of [the Specified Currency][the SER Base Currency] into [the
SER Base Currency][the Specified Currency] for settlement on [insert date] [by reference to [insert
page/source] (or any successor [page][source] thereto], all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"FX Maximum Level" means the greatest RI FX Level for a Reference Item on any Strike Day in the
Strike Period. 
"FX Minimum Level" means the lowest RI FX Level for a Reference Item on any Strike Day in the
Strike Period. 
"FX Reference Amount" means [insert amount in SER Base Currency corresponding to one Note of
the Calculation Amount] converted into the Specified Currency at the Settlement Exchange Rate in
respect of the SER Valuation Date. 
"FX Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and any day either: (i) the RI FX Level for such day
divided by the RI FX Strike Level; or (ii) the RI FX Strike Level divided by the RI FX Level for such
day, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms.
"Initial Closing Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Valuation Date, the RI Closing
Value of a Reference Item on the [Valuation Date][which is the [insert relevant date][insert relevant
date]. 
"Initial Maximum Price" means, in respect of a Reference Item, the highest RI Closing Value for such
Reference Item on any Strike Day in the Strike Period. 
"Initial Minimum Price" means, in respect of a Reference Item, the lowest RI Closing Value for such
Reference Item on any Strike Day in the Strike Period. 
"Lowest Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Basket
Value [A][B] on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest RI Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or
equal lowest RI Value for such Reference Item for all the ST Valuation Dates in such ST Valuation
Period. 
"Lowest Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Worst
Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period.

--- Page 179 ---
- 163 -
"M" means [insert value]. 
"RI Closing Value [[1][2][3][…][n]]" means, in respect of a Reference Item [[1][2][3][…][n]] and a
ST Valuation Date: 
(a)
if the relevant Reference Item is a Share Index, the Settlement Level (as defined in the Equity
Linked Conditions); 
(b)
if the relevant Reference Item is a Share, the Settlement Price (as defined in the Equity Linked
Conditions); 
(c)
if the relevant Reference Item is a Subject Currency, the Settlement Price (as defined in the
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Conditions);
(d)
if the relevant Reference Item is a rate of interest, the Reference Item Rate; and
(e)
if the relevant Reference Item is a Reference Rate, the Reference Rate Closing Level, and 
(f)
if the relevant Reference Item is a Reference Spread, the Reference Spread, 
in each case in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"RI BO Closing Value" means the RI Closing Value of the Best-Performing Reference Item. 
"RI BO Initial Value" means the Initial Closing Price of the Best-Performing Reference Item. 
"RI Closing Value (i)" means the RI Closing Value of the Reference Item on the ST Coupon Valuation
Date (i). 
"RI Closing Value (i-1)" means the RI Closing Value of the Reference Item on the ST Coupon
Valuation Date immediately prior to the ST Coupon Valuation Date (i), or in the case of the first ST
Coupon Valuation Date the RI Initial Value. 
"RI WO Closing Value" means the RI Closing Value of the Worst-Performing Reference Item. 
"RI FX Level" means, for the purpose of converting an amount in respect of a Reference Item into the
Specified Currency on [specify date(s)] [insert relevant rate and, if applicable, observation time][(or any
successor to such page or service) or if it is not reasonably practicable to determine the RI FX Level from
such source, the RI FX Level will be determined by the Calculation Agent as the rate it determines would
have prevailed but for such impracticability by reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate the
rate at which the Calculation Agent determines the relevant Reference Item amount could be converted
into the Specified Currency (expressed as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate) at or about the
time and by reference to such source(s) as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate. 
"RI FX Rate" means (i) the RI FX Level, (ii) the FX Value or (iii) the number, as specified in the
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"RI FX Strike Level" means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify rate][FX Closing Level][FX
Maximum Level][FX Minimum Level]. 
"RI Initial Value [[1][2][3][…][n]]" means, in respect of a Reference Item [[1][2][3][…][n]], [specify
price] [Initial Closing Price] [Initial Maximum Price] [Initial Minimum Price]. 
"RI Value [[1][2][3][…][n]]" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a [ST Valuation Date][ST FR
Valuation Date], [(l)][(a)] (i) the [RI Closing Value] for such Reference Item in respect of such [ST
Valuation Date][ST FR Valuation Date], divided by (ii) the relevant RI Initial Value [(expressed as a
percentage)][multiplied by (b) the FX Value] [minus (2) [100%][Strike Percentage]]. 
"RI WO Initial Value" means the Initial Closing Price of the Worst-Performing Reference Item.

--- Page 180 ---
- 164 -
"Worst Value" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon
Valuation Period], the RI Value for [the Worst-Performing Reference Item][the Reference Item(s) with
the lowest or equal lowest RI Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST Valuation
Date]. 
"Worst-Performing Reference Item" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Coupon
Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][ST FR Valuation Date], the Reference Item in respect of
which the ratio of (i) the [RI Closing Value] for such Reference Item in respect of such [ST Valuation
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] [ST FR Valuation Date] divided by (ii)
the relevant RI Initial Value results in the lowest or equal lowest value. 
4.3
Dates and Periods 
Payments of interest and principal on the Notes may be associated with ST Valuation Dates and/or ST
Valuation Periods, as the case may be, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. For the
avoidance of doubt, several set of dates may be used for the determination and calculation of a particular
payout. 
"Final Interest Payment Date" means the Maturity Date. 
"Final ST Coupon Valuation Date" means the last ST Coupon Valuation Date. 
"ST Coupon Valuation Date(s)" means each [Averaging Date][Coupon Valuation Date][Strike
Date][Interest
Determination
Date][Interest
Payment
Date][Determination
Date][Knock-in
Determination
Day][Knock-out
Determination
Day][Settlement
Level
Date][Settlement
Price
Date][Valuation Date][Range Accrual Day][ST Valuation Date] [and] [Range Period End Date]. 
"ST Coupon Valuation Period" means [the period from and including [specify] to and including
[specify]][each][the][Interest Period][Range Period]. 
"ST ER Valuation Date" means each [Averaging Date][Settlement Level Date][Settlement Price
Date][Determination Date][Calculation Date][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date][Knock-in
Determination Day][Knock-out Determination Day]. 
"ST ER Valuation Period" means the period from and including [specify] to and including [specify]. 
"ST FR Valuation Date" means each [Averaging Date][Settlement Level Date][Settlement Price
Date][Determination Date][Calculation Date][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date][Valuation
Date][Knock-in
Determination
Day][Knock-out
Determination
Day][Coupon
Valuation
Date][Redemption Valuation Date]. 
"ST FR Valuation Period" means the period from and including [specify] to and including [specify]. 
"ST Redemption Valuation Date" means each [Averaging Date][Settlement Level Date][Settlement
Price
Date][Determination
Date][Calculation
Date][Automatic
Early
Redemption
Valuation
Date][Valuation Date].[Knock-in Determination Day][Knock-out Determination Day]. 
"ST Redemption Valuation Period" means the period from and including [specify] to and including
[specify]. 
"ST Valuation Date" means [each][the] [Coupon Valuation Date][Strike Date][Redemption Valuation
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST ER Valuation Date][ST FR Valuation Date][ST Redemption
Valuation
Date][Automatic
Early
Redemption
Valuation
Date]
[Knock-in
Determination
Day][Knock-out Determination Day][Range Accrual Day]. 
"ST Valuation Period" means each [ST Coupon Valuation Period][ST ER Valuation Period][ST FR
Valuation
Period][ST
Redemption
Valuation
Period][Automatic
Early
Redemption
Valuation
Period][Knock-in Determination Period][Knock-out Determination Period].

--- Page 181 ---
- 165 -
4.4
Conditional Conditions 
If one or more conditions defined below are applicable for the determination and calculation of a payout
formula(e), the definition shall be inserted, completed and adjusted in the Applicable Transaction Terms
in order to take into account any value definitions in Payout Condition 4.2, relevant Date(s) and or
Periods, and/or other Variable Data. 
"Barrier Count Condition [1][2][3][4]" shall be satisfied if, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date,
the Coupon Barrier Value on such ST Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent,
is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier. 
"Coupon Barrier Condition [1][2][3][4]" is satisfied, in respect of [a ST Valuation Date][a ST Coupon
Valuation Date][a ST Valuation Period], if the Coupon Barrier Value in respect of such [ST Valuation
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent, is
[greater than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier [1][2][3][4] [[but
is][or is][greater than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] [the] Coupon Barrier
[1][2][3][4]]. 
"Digital Coupon Condition 1" means: 
(a)
in respect of Reference Item 1, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 1 for the
relevant [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] is [(i)] [greater than][less
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the Coupon Barrier 1 [and (ii) [greater
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier 2][insert (ii)
if a Coupon Barrier 2 is specified][; and
(b)
in respect of Reference Item 2, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 2 for the
relevant [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] is [(i)] [greater than][less
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier 1 [and (ii) [greater
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the Coupon Barrier 2][insert (ii)
if a Coupon Barrier 2 is specified]][insert (b) if Reference Item 2 is specified]. 
"Digital Coupon Condition 2" means: 
(a)
in respect of Reference Item 1, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 1 for the
relevant [ST Coupon Valuation Date] [ST Coupon Valuation Period] is [(i)] [greater than][less
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier 3 [and (ii) [greater
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier 4][insert (ii)
if a Coupon Barrier 4 is specified][; and 
(b)
in respect of Reference Item 2, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 2 for the
relevant [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] is [(i)] [greater than][less
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier 3 [and (ii) [greater
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the Coupon Barrier 4][insert (ii)
if a Coupon Barrier 4 is specified]][insert (b) if Reference Item 2 is specified]. 
"Final Redemption Condition" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], that
the Final Redemption Value in respect of [such ST Valuation Date][ such ST Valuation Period], as
determined by the Calculation Agent is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or
equal to] the Final Redemption Condition Level.
"Final Redemption Condition 1" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period],
that the Final Redemption Value [on such ST Valuation Dates] [in respect of such ST Valuation Period],
as determined by the Calculation Agent is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or
equal to] the Final Redemption Condition Level 1. 
"Final Redemption Condition 2" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ ST Valuation Period]
that the Final Redemption Value on such [ST Valuation Date] [in respect of such ST Valuation Period],
as determined by the Calculation Agent is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or

--- Page 182 ---
- 166 -
equal to] Final Redemption Condition Level [1][, but is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater
than][less than or equal to] the Final Redemption Condition Level 2.] 
4.5
Enumeration Convention 
Without prejudice to any other provision of these Payout Conditions and as a general rule the following
suffixes in relation to the payout terms will be used. Other suffix terms may be selected and may be
included in the Applicable Transaction Terms with other definitions or provisions from the Payout
Conditions: 
"i" [from i = [specify] to i = [specify]] or "m" [from m = [specify] to m = [specify]] in relation to the
relevant ST Valuation Date or ST Valuation Period. 
"j" [from j = [specify] to j = [specify]] means the relevant Strike Date. 
"k" [from k = [specify] to k = [specify]] means the relevant Reference Item. 
"q" [from q = [specify] to q = [specify]] or "t" [from t = [specify] to t = [specify]] means the relevant
Observation Date or ST Valuation Date. 
Any of these suffixes will be inserted, completed and explained, if necessary, in the Applicable
Transaction Terms and may be tabulated, especially where two or more suffixes apply. 
[each date specified as such below [set out relevant table]: 
K
ST Valuation Date
[Set(s) of] Averaging Dates
[specify] 
[insert date] 
Set n: [insert dates or describe
dates. E.g. "The last [specify]
Scheduled
Trading
Days
of
[month,
year]]
[Repeat
as
necessary for each set n] 
[Repeat as necessary in
each row] 
[Repeat as necessary in each row.] 
[Repeat as necessary in each row.] 
5.
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions  
If Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions and Settlement Currency Payment are both specified as
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, then notwithstanding the Notes are denominated in, and
calculations made in respect of, the Specified Currency (the "SER Subject Currency"), all payments
shall be made in the Settlement Currency (the "Settlement Currency" or the "SER Base Currency"). 
The Calculation Agent will determine the amount to be paid in the SER Base Currency by applying the
Settlement Exchange Rate to the amount that would have been payable in the SER Subject Currency
were it not for the provisions of this Payout Condition 5. 
Any such payment shall be made on the date such payment would have otherwise been due provided
that, if limb (b) of the definition of "Settlement Exchange Rate" below applies, such payment may be
deferred in accordance with Payout Condition 5.1(e) below if the SER Valuation Date is postponed as
set out herein. No additional interest or other amount shall be payable in respect of any such delay. 
If Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms
but Settlement Currency Payment is specified as not applicable then instead of the above procedures the
Calculation Agent will determine the Settlement Exchange Rate to be used in the determination of the
Final Payout. The Maturity Date may also be deferred in accordance with Payout Condition 5.1(e) below

--- Page 183 ---
- 167 -
if the SER Valuation Date is postponed as set out herein. No additional interest or other amount will be
payable in respect of any such delay. 
5.1
SER Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Payout Condition 5.1 apply where Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are
specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and limb (b) of the definition of "Settlement
Exchange Rate" below applies. 
(a)
SER Disruption Events 
If so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the occurrence of any of the following events, in
respect of any SER Base Currency and/or SER Subject Currency, shall be a "SER Disruption Event": 
(i)
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii)
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii)
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv)
General Inconvertibility; 
(v)
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi)
Material Change in Circumstance; 
(vii)
Nationalisation;
(viii)
Price Materiality; and/or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i) to (viii) above
(inclusive). 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with
Condition 13 (Notices) of the occurrence of a SER Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence
of the SER Disrupted Day, would have been a SER Valuation Date. 
(b)
Consequences of a SER Disruption Event 
Upon a SER Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any SER Valuation Date (or, if different, the
day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the relevant SER Price
Source) as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply in determining the
consequences of the SER Disruption Event: (a) Calculation Agent Determination where the applicable
SER Disruption Event is other than Price Source Disruption or Price Materiality; and (b) the applicable
SER Disruption Fallback where the applicable SER Disruption Event is a Price Source Disruption or
Price Materiality.
(c)
SER Unscheduled Holiday 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a date that would otherwise have been a SER Valuation Date is
a SER Unscheduled Holiday in respect of the SER Subject Currency, then such date shall be the
immediately succeeding SER Scheduled Trading Day after the occurrence of the SER Unscheduled
Holiday, subject as provided above, and provided that if such SER Valuation Date has not occurred on
or before the SER Maximum Days of Postponement then the next SER Scheduled Trading Day after
such period that would have been a SER Scheduled Trading Day but for the SER Unscheduled Holiday
shall be deemed to be the relevant date for valuation and the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be
determined by the Calculation Agent on such day (i) in its sole discretion acting in good faith having
taken into account relevant market practice and by reference to such additional source(s) as it deems
appropriate, (ii) according to the determinations made by the calculation agent to any Hedging

--- Page 184 ---
- 168 -
Transactions, or (iii) by using the arithmetic mean of the applicable prices or middle market quotations
provided to it by two or more financial institutions engaged in the trading of the relevant underlying. 
(d)
SER Cumulative Events 
If "SER Cumulative Events" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms in respect
of a SER Subject Currency then, in no event shall the total number of consecutive calendar days during
which a SER Valuation Date is deferred due to either (i) a SER Unscheduled Holiday or (ii) a SER
Valuation Postponement (or a combination of both (i) and (ii)) exceed the SER Maximum Cumulative
Days of Postponement in the aggregate. If a SER Valuation Date is postponed by the number of calendar
days equal to the SER Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement and at the end of such period (i) a
SER Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be continuing on the day immediately following such
period (the "Final Day"), then such Final Day shall be deemed to be the relevant SER Valuation Date
and (ii) if a Price Source Disruption shall have occurred or be continuing on the Final Day, then Valuation
Postponement shall not apply and the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be determined in accordance with
the next applicable SER Disruption Fallback. 
(e)
Postponement of payment or settlement days 
Where any SER Valuation Date is postponed as a consequence of the provisions of this Payout Condition
5.1, then the corresponding date for payment or delivery of any assets shall fall on the later of (a) the
date for such payment or delivery otherwise determined in accordance with the Applicable Transaction
Terms and (b) the day falling the SER Number of Postponement Settlement Days specified in the
Applicable Transaction Terms (or, if none are so specified, two Business Days) after the SER Valuation
Date.
5.2
Consequences of a SER Additional Disruption Event 
Other than where limb (a) of the definition of "Settlement Exchange Rate" below applies, if the
Calculation Agent determines that a SER Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may
redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). If the Notes
are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him
which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note, taking into account the SER Additional Disruption
Event, less (except for Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or on EuroTLX) the cost to the Issuer
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements all as determined by the
Calculation Agent (i) in its sole and absolute own discretion, (ii) according to the determinations made
by the calculation agent to any Hedging Transactions, or (iii) by using the arithmetic mean of the
applicable prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions engaged
in the trading of the relevant underlying. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
5.3
Definitions 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Applicable Transaction
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without
limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion
that it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes or it has become illegal to hold, acquire
or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes. 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that any of the SER Base Currency and/or SER Subject Currency splits
into dual or multiple currency exchange rates. 
"General Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to
convert a SER Subject Currency into the SER Base Currency or vice versa in a SER Subject Currency
Jurisdiction through customary legal channels. 
"General Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible
to deliver (A) the SER Base Currency from accounts inside a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction to

--- Page 185 ---
- 169 -
accounts outside a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction or (B) the SER Subject Currency between accounts
inside a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of a SER Subject Currency
Jurisdiction. 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency,
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental
authority or (ii) any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets
(including the central bank), in each case in any relevant jurisdiction. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk of the Issuer
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit,
receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). Such event will not be
applicable in the case of Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or EuroTLX. 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the SER Base Currency
and/or SER Subject Currency whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent to obtain a firm
quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the Calculation Agent to hedge its obligations
under the Notes (in one or more transaction(s)) on the relevant SER Valuation Date (or, if different, the
day on which rates for such SER Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or
announced by the relevant SER Price Source). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain,
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including,
without limitation, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due
to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed
an Increased Cost of Hedging. Such event will not be applicable in the case of Notes admitted to trading
on SeDeX Market or EuroTLX. 
"Material Change in Circumstance" means the occurrence of any event (other than those events
specified as SER Disruption Events) in the SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction beyond the control of the
parties to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Notes which makes it impossible (A) for a party to
fulfil its obligations under the hedging arrangement or (B) generally to fulfil obligations similar to such
party's obligations under that hedging arrangement. 
"Nationalisation" means any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by
any Governmental Authority which deprives a party to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Notes of
all or substantially all of its assets in the SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Price Materiality" means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the SER Primary Rate
differs from any SER Secondary Rate by at least the SER Price Materiality Percentage or if there are
insufficient responses on the relevant SER Valuation Date to any survey used to calculate any such rate,
then the SER Price Materiality Percentage will be deemed to be met.
"Price Source Disruption" means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which the
Settlement Exchange Rate is calculated. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the relevant page specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms
or any successor to such page or service acceptable to the Calculation Agent, including within the Price
Source if applicable. 
"Settlement Currency" or "SER Base Currency" means the currency specified as such in the
Applicable Transaction Terms.

--- Page 186 ---
- 170 -
"Settlement Exchange Rate" means (a) the rate specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms
or (b) if no such rate is specified and, subject as referred to in Payout Condition 5.1(b) above, (x) where
Settlement Currency Payment is applicable, the rate of exchange appearing on the SER Price Source at
the SER Valuation Time on the relevant SER Valuation Date for the exchange of the SER Subject
Currency per one unit of the SER Base Currency or (y) where Settlement Currency Payment is not
applicable, the SER Base Currency into the Specified Curency, in each case for settlement on the SER
Number of Settlement Days. 
"SER Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or Increased
Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"SER Disrupted Day" means any SER Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent
determines that a SER Disruption Event has occurred. 
"SER Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for
determining the Settlement Exchange Rate when a SER Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that
is a SER Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary
course, be published or announced by the SER Price Source) being, in respect of a SER Subject Currency,
any of Calculation Agent Determination, First Fallback Reference Price, Second Fallback Reference
Price and Valuation Postponement, as so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms for such SER
Subject Currency. Where more than one SER Disruption Fallback is so specified then such SER
Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in the order in which they are specified in the Applicable Transaction
Terms until the Settlement Exchange Rate can be determined for such exchange rate relating to that SER
Subject Currency for such SER Valuation Date.
Where: 
"Calculation Agent Determination" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the
Settlement Exchange Rate taking into consideration all information that it deems relevant. 
"First Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the
Settlement Exchange Rate by reference to the applicable First Fallback Reference Price and, for
which purpose, references in the definition of Settlement Exchange Rate to "SER Price
Source", "SER Valuation Time" and "SER Number of Settlement Days" shall be construed,
respectively, to be to "SER First Fallback Price Source", "SER First Fallback Valuation Time" 
and "SER First Fallback Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such terms shall
have the meanings given to them in the Applicable Transaction Terms). 
"Second Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the
Settlement Exchange Rate by reference to the applicable Second Fallback Reference Price and,
for which purpose, references in the definition of Settlement Exchange Rate to "SER Price
Source", "SER Valuation Time" and "SER Number of Settlement Days" shall be construed,
respectively, to be to "SER Second Fallback Price Source", "SER Second Fallback Valuation
Time" and "SER Second Fallback Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such terms
shall have the meanings given to them in the Applicable Transaction Terms). 
"Valuation Postponement" means that the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be determined on
the immediately succeeding SER Scheduled Trading Day which is not a SER Disrupted Day
unless the Calculation Agent determines that no such SER Scheduled Trading Day which is not
a SER Disrupted Day has occurred on or before the day falling the SER Maximum Days of
Postponement following the originally designated SER Valuation Date, as the case may be. In
such event, the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be determined on the next SER Scheduled
Trading Day after the SER Maximum Days of Postponement (notwithstanding the fact that day
may be a SER Disrupted Day) in accordance with the next applicable SER Disruption Fallback. 
"SER Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in
the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days. 
"SER Maximum Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in the Applicable
Transaction Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days.

--- Page 187 ---
- 171 -
"SER Number of Settlement Days" means, in respect of a SER Subject Currency, the number of days
on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a SER Disruption Event would have
been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice
of the foreign exchange market) in the or each SER Settlement Day Centre specified as such in the
Applicable Transaction Terms (each, a "SER Settlement Day"). Where no such number or zero is so
specified, then such rate shall be for settlement on the same day.
"SER Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Applicable
Transaction Terms or, if no such percentage is specified, 3%.
"SER Price Source" means the price source(s) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms
(or any successor to such price source(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent).
"SER Primary Rate" means the rate specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"SER Scheduled Trading Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the
occurrence of a SER Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign
exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the or each SER
Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms provided that where
the SER Subject Currency is BRL, then notwithstanding the foregoing, if the relevant SER Valuation
Date falls on a date that, as the Trade Date, is not a scheduled day on which commercial banks are open
(or, but for the occurrence of a SER Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including
dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in
New York City (an "NYC Business Day"), then no adjustment to such date shall be made on account
of the fact that such date is not an NYC Business Day. 
"SER Secondary Rate" means the rate specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"SER Subject Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction" means each country for which the SER Subject Currency is the
lawful currency. 
"SER Unscheduled Holiday" means a day that is not a SER Scheduled Trading Day and the market
was not aware of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available
information) until a time later than 9:00 a.m. local time in the principal financial centre of the SER
Subject Currency two SER Scheduled Trading Days prior to the relevant scheduled SER Valuation Date. 
"SER Valuation Date" means any date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if
such day is not a SER Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding SER Scheduled Trading Day
and, in the event of a SER Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Payout Condition
5.1(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day is a SER Disrupted Day,
in which case the provisions of Payout Condition 5.1(b) shall apply. Where the amount so due is the
Early Redemption Amount, then the SER Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the fifth SER Scheduled
Trading Day prior to the date of early redemption of the Notes. 
"SER Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the
time at which the SER Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement
Exchange Rate is calculated. 
6.
FX Factor  
Where the Applicable Transaction Terms specifies that a FX Factor applies to an amount payable under
the Notes, such amount will include an adjustment by reference to the relevant FX Factor, and all relevant
amounts will be as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For these purposes: 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" has the meaning given in Foreign Exchange (FX)
Rate Linked Note Condition 5 above.

--- Page 188 ---
- 172 -
"Coupon Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"FX Factor" means the FX Factor Final Level divided by the FX Factor Initial Level or, if so specified
in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the FX Factor Initial Level divided by the FX Factor Final Level. 
"FX Factor Final Averaging Date" means each of [insert each relevant day which may be a specified
day or may be a type of date from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions] [or if any such
day is not a [Business Day/insert another type of day from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the
Conditions] the relevant FX Factor Final Averaging Date will be the immediately [preceding/following]
day which is a [Business Day/insert another type of day from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the
Conditions] regardless of whether or not this would coincide with another FX Factor Final Averaging
Date]. 
"FX Factor Final Level" means [the FX Factor Final Reference Level in respect of the [FX Factor Final
Valuation Date] [the arithmetic average of the FX Factor Final Reference Levels on each FX Factor Final
Averaging Date]] [the Settlement Price for Reference Item [(k)] in respect of][[the [relevant] Coupon
Valuation Date][the Redemption Valuation Date][the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date][the
relevant Observation Date]]. 
"FX Factor Final Reference Level" means, in respect of any day, the rate for conversion of [the
Specified Currency into the FX Value Reference Currency] [the FX Value Reference Currency into the
Specified Currency] on such day expressed as the amount of the [Specified Currency/FX Value
Reference Currency] which may be purchased with one unit of the [Specified Currency/FX Value
Reference Currency] at or about [] [a.m./p.m.] ([] time) by reference to [such source(s) as the
Calculation Agent deems appropriate] [[specify page and service] (or any successor to such page or
service)] [or if it is not reasonably practicable to determine the FX Factor Final Reference Level from
such source, the FX Factor Final Reference Level will be determined by the Calculation Agent as the
rate it determines would have prevailed but for such impracticability by reference to such source(s) as it
deems appropriate for the relevant conversion at or about the time on the relevant day and by reference
to such source(s) which in each case the Calculation Agent deems appropriate][ , all subject to the
provisions of the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes, for which purpose the FX Factor Final
Reference Level will be deemed to be a Settlement Price]. 
"FX Factor Final Valuation Date" means [insert day which may be a specified day or may be a type
of date from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions] [or if such day is not a [Business
Day/insert another type of day from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions] the
immediately [preceding/following] day which is a [Business Day/insert another type of day from the
Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions]]. 
"FX Factor Initial Averaging Date" means each of [insert each relevant day which may be a specified
day or may be a type of date from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions] [or if any such
day is not a [Business Day/insert another type of day from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the
Conditions] the relevant FX Factor Initial Averaging Date will be the immediately [preceding/following]
day which is a [Business Day/insert another type of day from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the
Conditions] regardless of whether or not this would coincide with another FX Factor Initial Averaging
Date]. 
"FX Factor Initial Level" means [the FX Factor Initial Reference Level in respect of the FX Factor
Initial Valuation Date][the arithmetic average of the FX Factor Initial Reference Levels on each FX
Factor Initial Averaging Date][the Settlement Price for Reference Item [(k)] in respect of the Strike Date]. 
"FX Factor Initial Reference Level" means, in respect of any day, the rate for conversion of [the
Specified Currency into the FX Value Reference Currency] [the FX Value Reference Currency into the
Specified Currency] on such day expressed as the amount of the [Specified Currency/FX Value
Reference Currency] which may be purchased with one unit of the [Specified Currency/FX Value
Reference Currency] at or about [] [a.m./p.m.] ([] time) by reference to [to such source(s) as the
Calculation Agent deems appropriate] [[specify page and service] (or any successor to such page or
service)] [or if it is not reasonably practicable to determine the FX Factor Initial Reference Level from
such source, the FX Factor Initial Reference Level will be determined by the Calculation Agent as the
rate it determines would have prevailed but for such impracticability by reference to such source(s) as it

--- Page 189 ---
- 173 -
deems appropriate for the relevant conversion at or about the time on the relevant day and by reference
to such source(s) which in each case the Calculation Agent deems appropriate][ , all subject to the
provisions of the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes, for which purpose the FX Factor Initial
Reference Level will be deemed to be a Settlement Price]. 
"FX Factor Initial Valuation Date" means [insert day which may be a specified day or may be a type
of date from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions] [or if such day is not a [Business
Day/insert another type of day from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions] the
immediately [preceding/following] day which is a [Business Day/insert another type of day from the
Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions]]. 
"FX Value Reference Currency" means [specify currency]. 
"Observation Date" has the meaning given in the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions. 
"Redemption Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Redemption Valuation Date in the
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Settlement Price" has the meaning given in the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms.

--- Page 190 ---
- 174 -
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be completed to reflect the particular terms of the
relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final
Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"),
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation").
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]5
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - Other than with respect to offers or sales of
the Notes, or the Notes otherwise being made available, in [specify jurisdiction(s) for which a PRIIPs KID is being
prepared] [during the period[s] [
]-[
] [repeat periods as necessary],] the Notes are not intended to be
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended,
"MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1)
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently, save as provided above, no key information document required by Regulation (EU)
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]6
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers or sales of
the Notes, or the Notes otherwise being made available, in the United Kingdom ("UK"), during the period[s] [ ]-
[ ] [repeat periods as necessary],] [T]/[t]he Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the [United Kingdom
("UK")][UK]. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently[, save as provided above], no key information document
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any
5 Note: please include this legend (and not the one in the following paragraph) if the Notes may constitute “packaged products” and no retail 
offering of any kind is going to be made in the EEA (and, therefore, no KID is going to be prepared). 
6 Note: please include this legend (and not the one in the previous paragraph) if the Notes may constitute “packaged products” and a retail 
offering is going to be made in one or several jurisdictions of the EEA (in which case a KID in that/those jurisdiction[s] will be 
required).

--- Page 191 ---
- 175 -
negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor")
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution
channels.]/[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional
clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; (ii) all
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the Distributor's suitability and
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the
Distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal)
Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering,
selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target
market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]/[UK MiFIR product governance / 
Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target
market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA
("UK MiFIR"); EITHER7 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR8 [(ii) all channels
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels
for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/
and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the Distributor’s suitability and appropriateness
obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the
Distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]9.]] 
Final Terms dated [ ] 
Bankinter International Notes S.à r.l. 
société à responsabilité limitée 
7
Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) 
8
Include for certain ESMA complex bonds (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for 
example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In 
addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make 
the determination of appropriateness. 
9
If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary

--- Page 192 ---
- 176 -
Registered office: 46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
R.C.S. Luxembourg: B262854 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 529900QGCKTS5X3AG225
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed by 
BANKINTER, S.A. 
under the 
EUR 4,000,000,000 Structured Notes Programme 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so [: 
(i)
in those Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 10 of Part B below, provided such
person is a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as such term is defined in the Base Prospectus (as defined
below) and that the offer is made during the Offer Period specified in that paragraph and that any
conditions relevant to the use of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or 
(ii)
otherwise]10, in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any
other circumstances. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base
Prospectus dated [] February 2025 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] which [together]
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"). This
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.
These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus
in order to obtain all the relevant information. Prospective investors should note that investing in the Notes entails
certain risks including (without limitation) the risk that the Issue Price may be greater than the market value of
the Notes [and the risk that the Calculation Agent may exercise its discretion in such a way as to affect amounts
due and payable under the Notes and/or their Maturity Date]. For a more detailed description of certain of the
risks involved, see “Risk Factors" on pages [] to [] of the Base Prospectus. 
[A summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. (Delete in the case of an issue of Notes with minimum
denomination equal to or greater than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency)] The Base Prospectus
[has][together with these Final Terms have] been published on the website[s] of The Irish Stock Exchange plc
trading as Euronext Dublin (www.live.euronext.com) in an agreed electronic format.
[The
Base
Prospectuses
[and
the
supplemental
Base
Prospectuses]
are
available
for
viewing
at
(https://live.euronext.com/) [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from
[address]].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should
remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs.
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
10
Include this wording where a Non-Exempt Offer of Notes is anticipated.

--- Page 193 ---
- 177 -
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to Base Prospectus under
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Bankinter International Notes S.à r.l. 
Guarantor: 
Bankinter, S.A. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[
] 
Tranche Number: 
[
] 
Applicable Annex(es): 
[Not Applicable] 
[Annex 1: Equity Linked Conditions]
[Annex 2: Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked
Conditions]
[Annex 3: Reference Rate Linked Conditions]
[Annex 4: Payout Conditions [for the purposes of
Payout Condition 5 only]]
Type of securities: 
[Notes] [Insert in the case of Green Bonds: which are
Green Bonds.] 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[
] [Specify if Settlement Exchange Rate and
Settlement Payment both apply: (the "SER Subject 
Currency")
for
the
purpose
of
the
Specified
Denomination and calculations and [
] (the
"Settlement Currency")
for
the
purpose
of
payments] 
Aggregate Principal Amount of Notes: 
[Series:] 
[
] 
[Tranche:] 
[
]] 
Issue Price: 
[
]% of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus
accrued interest from [insert date](in the case of
fungible issues only, if applicable)] [converted into
the Settlement Currency at the Initial Settlement
Exchange Rate, being [specify amount] in respect of
the Aggregate Principal Amount and "Initial SER" 
means [specify]] 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[
] 
[Note - where multiple denominations are being used,
the following sample wording should be followed:
[EUR 100,000] and integral multiples of [EUR 1,000]
in excess thereof up to and including [EUR 199,000].

--- Page 194 ---
- 178 -
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a
denomination above [EUR 199,000].] 
Calculation Amount: 
[the Specified Denomination][Insert in the case of
Instalment
Notes:
(the "Original Calculation 
Amount") minus, for the purposes of any calculation
by reference to the Calculation Amount on any day,
the sum of the Instalment Amounts paid prior to the
relevant day [save for the purposes of calculation of
any
[Interest
Amount][Final
Redemption
Amount][Early
Redemption
Amount][Automatic
Early Redemption Amount] [[payable][deliverable]
on
[specify]]
for
which
purposes
the
Original
Calculation Amount will continue to apply]]. 
[If there are several Specified Denominations, insert
the
highest
common
factor
of
those
Specified
Denominations. (Note: There must be a common
factor of two or more Specified Denominations).] 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[
] 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Insert relevant date/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
[An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant
for certain Notes, for example, Zero Coupon Notes] 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date (including any relevant Business Day
Convention) or (for Floating Rate Notes, Equity
Linked Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked
Notes or Reference Rate Linked Notes) Interest
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant
month and year][or such later date for redemption
determined as provided in the [ [Foreign Exchange
(FX) Rate Linked Conditions][or, in all circumstances
if applicable, such later date for payment determined
as
provided
in
the
Settlement
Exchange
Rate
Provisions set out in Payout Condition 5.] 
[If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the
Issue Date the Notes must comply with the Central
Bank of Ireland's notice of exemptions granted under
section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act, 1971 as amended
(BSD C01/02) and, inter alia, have a minimum
Specified Denomination of Euro 125,000. In addition
such Notes must bear the following legend:
"An investment in the Notes does not have the status
of a bank deposit and does not have the protection of
the deposit protection scheme operated by the Central
Bank of Ireland. The Issuer is not regulated by the
Central Bank of Ireland by virtue of the issue of the
Notes."]

--- Page 195 ---
- 179 -
Interest Basis: 
[[
]% Fixed Rate][in relation to the
[first[(n=1)]][,][and][second[(n=2)]][,][and][third[(n
=3)]][] (insert further number of interest payment
dates,
as
applicable)
[Interest
Payment
Date]
[Instalment Date] 
[[Specify reference rate]+/- [
]% Floating Rate] 
[Equity Linked] [in relation to each Interest Payment
Date after the [[first][second][third][] (insert further
number of interest payment dates, as applicable)]
Interest
Payment
Date[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)]
[]
(insert further number of interest payment dates, as
applicable)]]:
please
see
the
section
headed
"Provisions Applicable to Equity Linked Notes" 
below for more details] 
[Reference [Item] Rate Linked [in relation to each
Interest
Payment
Date
after
the
[[first][second][third][] (insert further number of
interest payment dates, as applicable)] Interest
Payment
Date[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)]
[]
(insert
further
number
of
interest
payment
dates,
as
applicable)]]: please see "Provisions Applicable to
Reference [Item] Rate Linked Notes" below for more
details] 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked [in relation to
each
Interest
Payment
Date
after
the
[[first][second][third] [] (insert further number of
interest payment dates, as applicable)] Interest
Payment
Date[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)]
[]
(insert
further
number
of
interest
payment
dates,
as
applicable)]]: please see "Provisions Applicable to
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes" below for
more details]] 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by
reference to the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[and each Interest Amount will be multiplied by the
FX Factor as provided below] 
(further
particulars
specified
in
items
11
and
[19/20/21/22/23/24/25/26/29/30] below) 
[The Notes do not bear or pay any interest] 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 196 ---
- 180 -
(If more than one fixed rate is to be determined repeat
items (i) to (iii) of this paragraph for each such rate
and, if Digital Coupon One Condition or Digital
Coupon Two Conditions apply distinguish between
the Rate which is Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B
and the Rate which is Rate C if applicable) 
(if
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[
]%
[per
annum]
[payable
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]
[on the [Instalment Amount] [insert other basis to
which the Rate of Interest might be applied] on the
[the/each]
[[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][]
(insert further number of interest payment dates, as
applicable)]
Interest
Payment
Date
[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=] [Instalment Date] (insert
or delete numbers of interest payment dates, as
applicable)]. 
[[
]% [on the [Instalment Amount] [insert other
basis to which the Rate of Interest might be applied]
from,
and
including,
the
[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][] (insert further
number of interest payment dates, as applicable)
Interest Payment Date [[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=]
(insert or delete numbers of interest payment dates, as
applicable)] [Instalment Date]] 
[Not Applicable] 
Fixed
Coupon
Amount[(s)]
for
Notes in definitive form (and in
relation to Notes in global form see
Conditions): 
[[
] per [Calculation Amount][Instalment
Amount]
[on
the
[the/each]
[[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][]]
(insert
further
number
of
interest
payment
dates,
as
applicable)
Interest
Payment
Date
[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=]
(insert
or
delete
numbers of interest payment dates, as applicable)
[Instalment Date]] [Not Applicable] 
[[
] per [Calculation Amount][Instalment
Amount]
from,
and
including,
the
[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][] (insert further
number of interest payment dates, as applicable)
Interest Payment Date [[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=]
(insert or delete numbers of interest payment dates, as
applicable)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in
definitive form (and in relation to
Notes
in
global
form
see
Conditions): 
[[
] per Calculation Amount, payable on the
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [
]] [Not
Applicable]

--- Page 197 ---
- 181 -
Redemption/Payment basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[See item 28 below] 
[Dual Currency] 
[Instalment] 
[Equity Linked: please see the section headed
"Provisions Applicable to Equity Linked Notes" 
below for more details] 
[Reference
[Item]
Rate
Linked:
please
see
"Provisions Applicable to Reference [Item] Rate
Linked Notes" below for more details] 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked: please see
Provisions Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate
Linked Notes below for more details] 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by
reference to the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate] 
[provided that each redemption amount will be
multiplied by the relevant FX Factor as provided
below] 
Reference Item(s): 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1
to
[[k][specify])]
will
apply
[for
[Interest][and][Automatic
Early
Redemption][and][Redemption]
determination
purposes:][Not Applicable] 
[For
[k]=1][specify][insert
description][(see
paragraph [specify])]
(Repeat if necessary) 
[and] 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] =
[specify]
to
[k]
=
[specify])]
will
apply
[for
[Redemption] determination purposes]: 
[For [k]=[specify]][specify][insert description][(see
paragraph [specify])]
(Repeat if necessary)

--- Page 198 ---
- 182 -
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment
Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
On
[the/each]
[[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][]]
(insert
further
number
of
interest
payment
dates,
as
applicable)
Interest
Payment
Date
[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][(n=)]
(insert
or
delete
numbers of interest payment dates, as applicable)],
[both (insert or delete, as applicable)] the Interest
Amount calculated in accordance with paragraph
[11]/[19]/[20] below and [on [the Instalment Date]
[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][]]
(insert
further
number
of
interest
payment
dates,
as
applicable) the Fixed Coupon Amount calculated in
accordance
with
paragraph
[11]/[19]/[20]
shall
become payable] (insert or delete as applicable).
[And/or specify the date when any change to the
Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment Basis occurs
with reference to paragraphs 11 and 20 below] 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions: 
[Not
Applicable][Applicable
[and
Settlement
Currency Payment [applies/does not apply]]
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
Settlement Exchange Rate: 
[Specify rate] [As per Payout Condition 5] 
(if a rate is specified then delete the remaining
subparagraphs of this paragraph). 
SER Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] [or, if applicable,] [[specify] SER Scheduled
Trading Days prior to the [scheduled] [specify each
payment date]] 
(where different SER Valuation Dates apply to
different payment dates, specify in respect of each
applicable payment date)
Provisions
applicable
to
determining
the
Settlement
Exchange Rate: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement
Exchange Rate in Payout Condition 5:
[SER Base Currency: [specify]] 
SER Price Source: [specify] 
Relevant Screen Page: [specify] 
SER Valuation Time: [specify]

--- Page 199 ---
- 183 -
SER Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction:
[specify] 
SER Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality, where: 
SER Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3]%
SER Primary Rate: [specify][The rate determined as
set out in the definition of Settlement Exchange Rate] 
SER Secondary Rate: [specify][SER First Fallback
Reference
Price
[and]][SER
Second
Fallback
Reference Price]] 
SER
Disruption
Fallbacks
(for
Price Source Disruption and Price
Materiality only): 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
[First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
SER First Fallback Price Source: [specify] 
SER
First
Fallback
Valuation
Time:
[specify] 
SER First Fallback Number of Settlement
Days: [specify]] 
[Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
SER Second Fallback Price Source: [specify] 
SER
Second
Fallback
Valuation
Time:
[specify]

--- Page 200 ---
- 184 -
SER Second Fallback Number of Settlement
Days: [specify]] 
[Valuation Postponement] 
SER Number of Postponement Settlement
Days:
[[Two][specify]]
[Business
Days][SER Settlement Days] [specify] 
SER Maximum Days of Postponement:
[specify] 
(specify fallbacks required and arrange order in
which to be applied) 
SER Cumulative Events: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable and SER Maximum
Cumulative Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
SER Number of Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where SER Settlement
Day Centre(s) means [specify]] 
SER Additional Disruption Event: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) [Change
in Law] [Hedging Disruption] [Increased Cost of
Hedging] 
(Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging
should not be specified for Notes admitted to trading
on SeDeX Market or EuroTLX) 
[Trade Date means [specify]] 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior]
Status of the Guarantee: 
[Senior Preferred] 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance
of
Notes
[and
Guarantee]
[respectively] obtained: 
[
] [and [
], respectively] 
(N.B. Only relevant where
Board
(or similar)
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of
the Notes or related Guarantee) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable: Knock-in Value is
[(i)][greater than][greater than or equal to][less
than][less
than
or
equal
to]
the
Knock-
in[Level][Price][within the Knock-in Range] (Only
applicable if a payment to be made in respect of the
Notes is subject to a condition precedent that a Knock-
in Event has occurred. If not applicable, delete the
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 201 ---
- 185 -
(Insert for Reference Item Linked Notes) 
Knock-in Value:
[insert definition from Payout Condition 4.2] 
Knock-in Level/Knock-in Price: 
[specify value or percentage] 
Knock-in Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of
values, percentages, level, or prices etc] to and
[including][excluding]
[specify
range
of
values,
percentages, level, or prices etc] [Not Applicable]
Knock-in Determination Day(s): 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-
in Determination Period][Not Applicable]
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a
Disrupted Day, [Omission][Postponement][Modified
Postponement] will apply] 
Knock-in Determination Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date: 
[Applicable][specify][Not Applicable]
Knock-in Period Beginning Date
Scheduled
Trading
Day
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Knock-in
Period
Ending
Date
Scheduled
Trading
Day
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a
Knock-in Determination Day][Not Applicable] 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable: The Knock-out Value is
[(i)][greater than][greater than or equal to][less
than][less
than
or
equal
to]
the
Knock-out
[Level][Price] [within the Knock-out Range] 
(Only applicable if a payment to be made in respect of
the Notes is subject to a condition precedent that a
Knock-out Event has occurred. If not applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-paragraphs
of
this
paragraph) 
(Insert for Reference Item Linked Notes) 
Knock-out Value: 
[insert definition from Payout Condition 4.2]

--- Page 202 ---
- 186 -
Knock-out Level/Knock-out Price: 
[specify value or percentage] 
Knock-out Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of
values, percentages, level, or prices etc] to and
[including][excluding]
[specify
range
of
values,
percentages, level, or prices etc] [Not Applicable]
Knock-out Determination Day(s): 
[[From and including][From and excluding][To and
including][To but excluding][specify]] 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-
out Determination Period][Not Applicable] 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is a
Disrupted Day, [Omission][Postponement][Modified
Postponement] will apply] 
Knock-out Determination Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Knock-out Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date
Scheduled
Trading
Day
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Knock-out
Period
Ending
Date
Scheduled
Trading
Day
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a
Knock-out Determination Day][Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[If applicable specify: provided that each Interest
Amount
determined
in
accordance
with
the
Conditions (prior to any rounding) will be multiplied
by the relevant FX Factor and the resulting amount
then rounded as provided in the Conditions, where: 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6
and other relevant definitions from the Payout
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the
Payout Conditions]]

--- Page 203 ---
- 187 -
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[
] [in each year] [adjusted in accordance with
[specify Business Day Convention]]/[not adjusted] [or
such later date for payment determined as provided in
the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out in
Condition 5 of the Payout Conditions]] 
Margin(s): 
[+ [specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable] 
(If a Margin applies for each Interest Period, the
Margin shall be specified separately for each Interest
Period) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable] 
(If a Minimum Interest Rate applies for each Interest
Period, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be specified
separately for each Interest Period) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable] 
(If a Maximum Interest Rate applies for each Interest
Period, the Maximum Interest Rate shall be specified
separately for each Interest Period.) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual(ISDA)]/[Act
ual/365(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360
or
Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360(ISDA)] [Not Applicable] 
Rate of Interest: 
[In
respect
of
[the/each]
[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][]
(insert
further
number
of
interest
payment
dates,
as
applicable)
Interest
Payment
Date
[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=]
(insert
or
delete
numbers of interest payment dates, as applicable)]
[(from
[specify]
to
[specify])][
falling
[on
[or
about]][during
the
period
from
and
including]
[specify] [to and including [specify]] only]][Not
Applicable]]the Rate of Interest shall be determined
by the Calculation Agent [in accordance with the
[following] [formula(e)][below]][as the sum of the
following [items [specify] to [specify] (each inclusive)
below][which shall be applied to [the difference
between (x) the Original Calculation Amount minus
(y) the Instalment Amount (irrespective of whether
the Instalment Amount has been paid or not)][insert
other basis to which the Rate of Interest might be
applied]]][Insert letters or numbering here and next
to each payout if this adds clarity (eg (a), (b). . .)]:]
[In respect of [the/each] Interest Payment Date from,
and
including,
the

--- Page 204 ---
- 188 -
[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][]
(insert
further
number
of
interest
payment
dates,
as
applicable)
Interest
Payment
Date
[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=]
(insert
or
delete
numbers of interest payment dates, as applicable)] the
Rate of Interest shall be determined by the Calculation
Agent
[in
accordance
with
the
[following
formula(e)]][as the sum of the following [items
[specify] to [specify] (each inclusive) below][which
shall be applied to the [Calculation Amount][insert
other basis to which the Rate of Interest might be
applied]]][Insert letters or numbering here and next
to each payout if this adds clarity (eg (a), (b). . .)]:] 
[Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
(The
above
formulation
may
be
repeated
as
necessary)
(In respect of the following, insert formula, relevant
value(s) and other related definitions from Payout
Condition 2 and relevant definitions from Payout
Condition 4)
[Rate of Interest (i)]
[Rate of Interest (ii)]
[Rate of Interest (iii)]
[Rate of Interest (iv)]
[Rate of Interest (v)]
[Rate of Interest (vi)]
[Rate of Interest (vii)]
[Rate of Interest (viii)]
[Rate of Interest (ix)]
[Rate of Interest (x)]
[Rate of Interest (xi)]
[Rate of Interest (xii)]
[Rate of Interest (xiii)]
[Rate of Interest (xiv)]
(If the Rate of Interest is calculated by reference to
Reference Items, Valuation Dates, Observation Dates
etc. or is otherwise calculated differently in respect of
each Interest Payment Date, above options may be
repeated and numerical suffixes may be used to clarify
which Reference Item, Rate of Interest, Valuation
Date, Observation Date etc. applies in respect of the
corresponding Interest Payment Date)
Calculation of Interest Amounts as
fixed amounts 
[Calculation of Interest Amounts as a fixed amounts:
Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
Floating Rate Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for purposes only of
determining the "Rate" element of the Rate of Interest
specified in item [19(vi)] (insert where "Rate of

--- Page 205 ---
- 189 -
Interest (ix) - Range Accrual" applies under item
19(vi))] 
(If more than one floating rate is to be determined,
repeat items (i) to (xiii) as applicable for each such
rate and, if Digital Coupon One Condition or Digital
Coupon two Conditions apply distinguish between the
Rate which is Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B and the
Rate which is Rate C if applicable) 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Specified Period: 
[
] 
(Specified Period and specified Interest Payment
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather
than specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar
Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable")
[First Interest Payment Date:] 
[
] 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day
Convention/Modified
Following
Business
Day
Convention/Preceding
Business
Day
Convention][Not
Applicable]
(Business
Day
Convention only needs to be specified here if Specified
Periods are specified) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
Party responsible for calculating the
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest
Amount(s): 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
Margin Plus Rate: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Specified Percentage Multiplied by
Rate:
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Difference in Rates: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Screen
Rate
Determination
of
Rate[1]: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If
not
applicable
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 

Reference Rate: 
[[
] month]

--- Page 206 ---
- 190 -
[EURIBOR
Compounded
Daily
SONIA
/
Compounded Daily SOFR / Compounded Daily
€STR][specify] [Insert in the case of Compounded
Daily SONIA except where Index Determintion
applies: For this purpose Relevant Screen Page means
[specify]] 

Observation Method 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily SONIA
or Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded
Daily €STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable) 

Observation
Look-Back
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/ [] [London Banking Days] / [U.S.
Government Securities Business Days][TARGET
Business Days] 
(Specify
for
Compounded
Daily
SONIA
or
Compounded
Daily SOFR, except where Index
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded
Daily €STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable. N.B.
must be at least two such relevant days to allow
clearing system payments) 

Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Include if applicable for Compounded Daily SONIA
or Compounded Daily SOFR) 

Interest
Determination
Date(s): 
[Insert for EURIBOR: Second TARGET System
Business Day prior to the start of each Interest Period]
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA–non Index
Determination: Second London Banking Day prior to
the relevant Interest Payment Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA – Index
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number
of London Banking Days prior to the relevant Interest
Payment Date and Relevant Number means [insert
number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR–non Index
Determination: Second U.S. Government Securities
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment
Date] 
[Insert
for
Compounded
Daily
SOFR
–
Index
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number
of U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to
the relevant Interest Payment Date and Relevant 
Number means [insert number being two or greater]] 
[Insert
for
Compounded
Daily
€STR:
Second
TARGET System Business Day prior to the relevant
Interest Payment Date]

--- Page 207 ---
- 191 -

Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][Reuters EURIBOR 01] 

Relevant Time: 
[specify][ 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time] 

Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone means the
region comprised of the countries whose lawful
currency is the euro)][specify] 

Alternative Pre-nominated
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None] 
ISDA Determination of Rate[1]: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If
not
applicable
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 

Floating Rate Option: 
[
] 

Designated Maturity: 
[
] 

Reset Date: 
[
] 

Alternative Pre-nominated
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None] 
Screen Rate Determination of Rate
2: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If
not
applicable
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(in relation to Difference in Rates) 
 

Reference Rate: 
[[
] month] 
[EURIBOR
Compounded
Daily
SONIA
/
Compounded Daily SOFR / Compounded Daily
€STR][specify] [Insert in the case of Compounded
Daily SONIA except where Index Determintion
applies: For this purpose Relevant Screen Page means
[specify]] 

Observation Method 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily SONIA
or Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded
Daily €STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable) 

Observation
Look-Back
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/ [] [London Banking Days] / [U.S.
Government Securities Business Days][TARGET
Business Days]

--- Page 208 ---
- 192 -
(Specify
for
Compounded
Daily
SONIA
or
Compounded
Daily SOFR, except where Index
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded
Daily €STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable. N.B.
must be at least two such relevant days to allow
clearing system payments) 

Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Include if applicable for Compounded Daily SONIA
or Compounded Daily SOFR) 

Interest
Determination
Date(s): 
[Insert for EURIBOR: Second TARGET System
Business Day prior to the start of each Interest Period]
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA–non Index
Determination: Second London Banking Day prior to
the relevant Interest Payment Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA – Index
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number
of London Banking Days prior to the relevant Interest
Payment Date and Relevant Number means [insert
number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR–non Index
Determination: Second U.S. Government Securities
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment
Date] 
[Insert
for
Compounded
Daily
SOFR
–
Index
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number
of U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to
the relevant Interest Payment Date and Relevant 
Number means [insert number being two or greater]] 
[Insert
for
Compounded
Daily
€STR:
Second
TARGET System Business Day prior to the relevant
Interest Payment Date] 

Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][Reuters EURIBOR 01] 

Relevant Time: 
[11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time] [specify] 

Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone means the
region comprised of the countries whose lawful
currency is the euro][specify] 

Alternative Pre-nominated
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None] 
ISDA Determination of Rate 2: 
(in relation to Difference in Rates)

--- Page 209 ---
- 193 -

Floating Rate Option: 
[
] 

Designated Maturity: 
[
] 

Reset Date: 
[
] 

Alternative Pre-nominated
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None] 
Specified Percentage: 
[[
]%] [Not Applicable] 
Equity Linked Note interest provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to "Provisions Applicable
to Equity Linked Notes" below, for more information]
[Not Applicable] [Delete as applicable] 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note
interest provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the sections "Provisions
Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked
Notes" below for more information] [Not Applicable]
[Delete as applicable] 
Reference [Item] Rate Linked Note interest
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section "Provisions
Applicable to Reference [Item] Rate Linked Notes" 
below, for more information][Not Applicable] [Delete
as applicable] 
Zero Coupon Note provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs)
Accrual Yield: 
[
]% per annum 
Reference Price: 
[
] 
Day Count Fraction in relation to
the Amortised Face Amount: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][provided the Issuer may
only exercise the Call Option if the Optional
Redemption Condition is satisfied] 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 210 ---
- 194 -
(Optional
Redemption
Date(s)
(Call)): 
[
][or such later date for payment determined as
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions
set out in Payout Condition 5][the [insert] Business
Day following [the day on which notice of the Issuer
exercising the Call Option is given to Noteholders] 
[If
applicable
specify:
[provided
that][with][the
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)],
where: 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 4
and 6 and other relevant definitions from the Payout
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the
Payout Conditions including, if applicable, Optional
Redemption Condition]) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s)
(Call) of each Note: 
[[
] per Calculation Amount][Final Payout as
specified in paragraph 28 below] 
If redeemable in part: 
(a)
Minimum
Redemption
Amount: 
[
] per Calculation Amount 
(b)
Maximum
Redemption
Amount 
[
] per Calculation Amount 
Notice period: 
[
][[] Business Days (the "Minimum Early 
Redemption Notice Period") [At least 5 Business
Days when Notes are cleared through the Euroclear
and Clearstream systems]
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
Clean-Up Percentage: 
[[75] per cent. / [•] per cent.] 
Optional Redemption Amount(s)
(Clean-Up Call) of each Note and
method, if any, of calculation of
such amount(s): 
[[
] per Calculation Amount] / [•] 
Notice period: 
[•] 
Put Option: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 211 ---
- 195 -
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put): 
[
][or such later date for payment determined as
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions
set out in Payout Condition 5]) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of
each Note: 
[
] per Calculation Amount 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other than
a specified amount per Calculation Amount, the Notes
will need to be Exempt Notes) 
[If
applicable
specify:
[provided
that][with][the
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)],
where: 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6
and other relevant definitions from the Payout
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the
Payout Conditions] 
Notice period: 
[
][[] Business Days (the "Minimum Early 
Redemption Notice Period") [At least 15 Business
Days when Notes are cleared through the Euroclear
and Clearstream systems] 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[Calculation Amount * [specify]%] [Outstanding
Principal Amount immediately prior to the Maturity
Date] [Calculation Amount * Final Payout] [For the
avoidance
of
doubt,
for
the
purposes
of
any
calculation by reference to the Calculation Amount on
any day (i.e. also for Calculation of the Final
Redemption Amount for each Note), the Calculation
Amount is the Original Calculation Amount minus the
sum of the Instalment Amounts paid prior to the
relevant day [save for the purposes of calculation of
any
[Interest
Amount][Final
Redemption
Amount][Early
Redemption
Amount][Automatic
Early Redemption Amount] [[payable][deliverable]
on
[specify]]
for
which
purposes
the
Original
Calculation Amount will continue to apply. See item
7(ii) above.]
[If
applicable
specify:
[provided
that][with][the
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)],
where:

--- Page 212 ---
- 196 -
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6
and other relevant definitions from the Payout
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the
Payout Conditions] 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[In respect of [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation
Period] the Automatic Early Redemption shall be
determined by the Calculation Agent [in accordance
with the [following] [formula(e)][below]][as the sum
of the following [items [specify] to [specify] (each
inclusive) below][which shall be applied to [the
difference between (x) the Original Calculation
Amount
minus
(y)
the
Instalment
Amount
(irrespective of whether the Instalment Amount has
been paid or not)]][Insert letters or numbering here
and next to each payout if this adds clarity (eg (a), (b).
. .)]:]
(If applicable, specify one of the following) 
[ST Automatic Early Redemption] 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Automatic
Early
Redemption
Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] AER Value is: [greater
than] [greater than or equal to][less than][less than or
equal
to]
the
Automatic
Early
Redemption
[Level][Price]] 
AER
Value
Automatic
Early
Redemption Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
AER Value:
[insert relevant value definition and where applicable
relevant definitions from Payout Condition 4.1 and
4.2] [Not Applicable] 
Automatic
Early
Redemption
Payout: 
The Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
(Insert relevant formula (and related definitions) from
Payout Condition 3)
[If
applicable
specify:
[provided
that][with][the
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)],
where:

--- Page 213 ---
- 197 -
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6
and other relevant definitions from the Payout
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the
Payout Conditions) 
Automatic
Early
Redemption
Level/Price: 
[[specify] [%][of RI Initial Value][RI WO Initial
Value][
Basket
Initial
Value][RI
BO
Initial
Value]]][Not Applicable] 
[AER Percentage]: 
[specify] [%][Not Applicable] 
Automatic
Early
Redemption
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment determined
as
provided
in
the
Settlement
Exchange
Rate
Provisions set out in Payout Condition 5]
AER Additional Rate: 
[AER Rate][Not Applicable] 
Automatic
Early
Redemption
Valuation Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] 
Automatic
Early
Redemption
Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the
relevant Valuation Date][during the Observation
Period]][Not Applicable] 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] for the purposes
of Automatic Early Redemption. [The Averaging
Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [
] above] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted
Day
[Omission][Postponement][Modified
Postponement] will apply] 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal
to: [specify][five] 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be
equal to five)] 
Final Payout: 
[Not Applicable] 
[In respect of [ST Redemption Valuation Date] [ST
Redemption Valuation Period] the Final Payout shall
be
determined
by
the
Calculation
Agent
[in
accordance
with
the
[following]
[formula(e)][below]][as the sum of the following
[items
[specify]
to
[specify]
(each
inclusive)
below][which shall be applied to [the difference
between (x) the Original Calculation Amount minus
(y) the Instalment Amount (irrespective of whether
the Instalment Amount has been paid or not)]][Insert
letters or numbering here and next to each payout if
this adds clarity (eg (a), (b). . .)]:]

--- Page 214 ---
- 198 -
(In respect of the following, insert formula from
Payout Condition 2.2) 
[The sum of the following [items [specify] to [specify]
(each inclusive) below]:] [Insert letters or numbering
here and next to each payout if this adds clarity (eg
(a), (b). . .)] 
[Redemption (i)]
[Redemption (ii)]
[Redemption (iii)]
Early Redemption Amount: 
Early
Redemption
Amount
(Tax)
per
Calculation Amount payable on redemption
for taxation reasons: 
[[
] per Calculation Amount (specify the
amount)/Market
Value
less
Associated
Costs]
[Amortised Face Amount] 
[If
applicable
specify:
[provided
that][with][the
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)],
where: 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6
and other relevant definitions from the Payout
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the
Payout Conditions) 
Redemption
Amount(s)
per
Calculation
Amount payable on an event of default: 
[[
] per Calculation Amount/specify the amount,
which may, where appropriate, be an amount per
Calculation Amount equal to the fair market value of
each Note less applicable costs [including the cost, if
any, for unwinding hedging arrangements]] 
[Amortised Face Amount] 
[If
applicable
specify:
[provided
that][with][the
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)],
where: 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6
and other relevant definitions from the Payout
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the
Payout Conditions) 
Early Redemption Amount per Calculation
Amount
payable
following
an
early
redemption in all other cases pursuant to the
Conditions:
[[
] per Calculation Amount/Market Value less
Associated Costs][Not Applicable][Amortised Face
Amount]

--- Page 215 ---
- 199 -
[If
applicable
specify:
[provided
that][with][the
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)],
where: 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6
and other relevant definitions from the Payout
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the
Payout Conditions) 
Fair Market Value Interest Element: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (Specify as required in
respect of each relevant early redemption. Note, this
should be specified as Applicable where accrued
interest will not always be known on an early
redemption: for example when using SONIA, SOFR or
€STR or for other Notes where interest is determined
only shortly before an Interest Payment Date.) 
Equity Linked Note redemption provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section headed
"Provisions Applicable to Equity Linked Notes" 
below for more information][Not Applicable] [Delete
as applicable] 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note
redemption provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the sections "Provisions
Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked
Notes" 
below
for
more
information][Not
Applicable][Delete as applicable] 
Reference
[Item]
Rate
Linked
Note
redemption provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section "Provisions
Applicable to Reference [Item] Rate Linked Notes" 
below, for more information][Not Applicable][Delete
as applicable] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO EQUITY LINKED NOTES
Equity Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][for the purposes of
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item
19(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (ix) – Range
Accrual" applies under item 19(vi)) 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
The provisions of Annex 1 of the Terms and
Conditions (Additional Terms and Conditions for
Equity Linked Notes) shall apply 
Type of Notes: 
[Single Share Linked Notes][Single Share Index
Linked Notes][Share Basket Linked Notes][Share
Index Basket Linked Notes][Delete as applicable]

--- Page 216 ---
- 200 -
Share(s)/Share Basket/Single Share
Index/Share Index Basket: 
[specify (i) names of each issuer of the Share(s), (ii)
class of each Share, (iii) ISIN or other security
identification code for each Share/Share Index for
Single Share Index Linked Notes or each of the Share
Indices
for
Share
Index
Basket
Linked
Notes
(specifying where applicable if any such index is a
Dividend Index)] [Reference Item[s][k]]
Share Index Sponsor(s): 
[Insert name(s) of Share Index Sponsor(s)/Share
Dividend Index Sponsor(s)][Not Applicable] 
(in relation to Single Share Index Linked Notes and
Share Index Basket Linked Notes only) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify][As per the Conditions] 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges] 
Exchange
Business
Day
Convention: 
[Following
Business
Day
Convention][Modified
Following
Business
Day
Convention][Not
Applicable] 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify Strike Period][Not Applicable][Specify the
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
Averaging: 
Averaging [(Per [Share/Index])][applies][does not
apply] to the Notes [in respect of each [specify
relevant Valuation Date].] [insert and repeat sentence
if applicable]. [The Averaging Dates are [specify]
[See paragraph [
] above] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted
Day,
[Omission][Postponement][Modified
Postponement] will apply] 
Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] [Each of the following Coupon Valuation
Dates from i=1 to i=T][Each of the Coupon Valuation
Dates from i=1 to i=T specified in item 19 above.]
[Not Applicable]
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Not Applicable][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time
[on the relevant Coupon Valuation Date][during the
Observation
Period]]
[[specify],
being
the time
specified on the relevant [Coupon Valuation Date] or
an Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the
calculation of the [Interest Amount]]
(If no time is specified, the Coupon Valuation Time
will be the Scheduled Closing Time)

--- Page 217 ---
- 201 -
Redemption Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Redemption Valuation Time: 
[Not Applicable][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time
[on the relevant Redemption Valuation Date][during
the Observation Period]] [[specify], being the time
specified on the relevant [Redemption Valuation
Date] or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, for
the calculation of the [Redemption Amount]] 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted
Day,
[Omission][Postponement][Modified
Postponement] will apply] 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
[Valuation
Date
and]
Specified
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[The definition of "Valuation Date" in Condition 17
will
apply,
for
which
purpose
the]
[Specified
Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to
[specify]][As per the Conditions][Not Applicable] 
Exchange Rate: 
[specify] 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day
Convention/Modified
Following
Business
Day
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED NOTES
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][for the purposes of
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item
19(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (ix) – Range
Accrual" applies under item 19(vi)), 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
Base Currency: 
[specify][Not Applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]:
[insert]] 
Subject Currency/Currencies:
[specify][Not Applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]:
[insert]] [and EM Foreign Exchange Rate Provisions
apply to such Subject Currency] 
Additional Disruption Event: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) [Change
in
Law][Hedging
Disruption][Increased
Cost
of
Hedging]

--- Page 218 ---
- 202 -
(Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging
should not be specified for Notes admitted to trading
on SeDeX Market or EuroTLX) 
[Trade Date means [specify]] 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the Notes.
[The Averaging Dates are [specify]][see paragraph [
] above] 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify Strike Period][Not Applicable][Specify the
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
Coupon Valuation Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Provisions applicable where EM
Foreign
Exchange
(FX)
Rate
Provisions
do
not
apply
to
a
Settlement Currency: 
[Applicable [in respect of [specify Subject Currencies
to which these provisions apply where there is a
Basket]]][Not Applicable] 
(Where
applicable
for
more
than
one
Subject
Currency, complete as relevant for each such Subject
Currency) 
(a)
Delayed Redemption on
the
Occurrence
of
a
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(b)
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
(c)
Specified Maximum Days
of Disruption: 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal
to: [specify][five]][Not Applicable] 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be
equal to five) 
(d)
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(e)
Valuation Time: 
[specify][As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked
Note Condition 6]

--- Page 219 ---
- 203 -
(f)
Number of Postponement
Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days] [specify] 
Provisions applicable where EM
Foreign
Exchange
(FX)
Rate
Provisions apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of [specify Subject Currencies
to which these provisions apply where there is a
Basket]]][Not Applicable] 
(Where
applicable
for
more
than
one
Subject
Currency, complete as relevant for each such Subject
Currency) 
(a)
Provisions applicable to
determining
the
Settlement Price: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Price
in
Foreign
Exchange
(FX)
Rate
Linked
Note
Condition 6 [and [specify the relevant Subject
Currency where more than one Subject Currency]: 
EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
EM Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction: [specify] 
[Relevant Screen Page:] [specify] 
(b)
EM Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality, where: 
EM
Price
Materiality
Percentage:
[specify][3]% 
EM
Primary
Rate:
[specify][The
rate
determined as set out in the definition of
Settlement Price]

--- Page 220 ---
- 204 -
EM Secondary Rate: [specify][[EM First
Fallback Reference Price [and]][EM Second
Fallback Reference Price]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to
more than one such Subject Currency and different
EM Disruption Events (or components thereof) also
apply thereto) 
(c)
EM Disruption Fallbacks: 
[EM Calculation Agent Determination] 
[EM First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
First Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days:
[specify]] 
[EM
Second
Fallback
Reference
Price,
where: 
Second Fallback EM FX Price Source:
[specify] 
Second
Fallback
EM
Valuation
Time:
[specify] 
Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement
Days: [specify]] 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to
more than one such Subject Currency and different
EM Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof)
also apply thereto) 
(d)
EM Maximum Days of
Postponement: 
[specify] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to
more than one such Subject Currency and different
EM Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof)
also apply thereto)

--- Page 221 ---
- 205 -
(e)
EM Cumulative Events: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable and EM Maximum
Cumulative Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to
more than one such Subject Currency and different
EM Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof)
also apply thereto) 
(f)
EM Number of Settlement
Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where Settlement Day
Centre(s) means [specify]] 
(g)
EM
Number
of
Postponement Settlement
Days: 
[[Two][specify]]
[Business
Days][EM
Settlement
Days] [specify] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO REFERENCE [ITEM] RATE LINKED NOTES
Reference
[Item]
Rate
Linked
Note
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][for the purposes of
[determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item
19(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (ix) – Range
Accrual" applies under item 19(vi))], [and][the
Automatic Early Redemption provisions] 
[The [Floating][Fixed] Rate Note Provisions shall
apply for the purposes of determining the Reference
Item Rate on the basis of elections in this paragraph] 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(If more than one Reference Item Rate or Reference
Rate is to be determined, include the following
language: "Reference Item Rate [specify] is as
follows:" and repeat items (i) to (vi) below for each
such Reference Item Rate) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a)
Reference [Item] Rate: 
[specify] 
(b)
Interest
Determination
Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
(e.g: Second Business Day on which the TARGET
System is open prior to the start of each Interest
Period if EURIBOR. Where the Rate of Interest is
being used other than for a Floating Rate Note, ensure
that this is not specified in respect of an Interest

--- Page 222 ---
- 206 -
Period and the relevant Range Accrual Day may be
specified where relevant for Range Accrual Notes.) 
(c)
Relevant Time: 
[specify] 
(for example 11.00 a.m., London time/Brussels time,
in the case of a determination of EURIBOR) 
(d)
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(e)
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[specify][For
example,
London/eurozone
(where
eurozone means the region comprised of the countries
whose lawful currency is the euro)][Not Applicable] 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a)
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
(b)
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
(c)
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
[Reference Spread: 
[Reference Item Rate [1][2] minus Reference Item
Rate [1][2]][Not Applicable] 
[See paragraph [
][above][below] 
(If a Reference Spread applies for each Interest
Period, the Reference Spread shall be specified
separately for each Interest Period)] 
Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[specify][See paragraph [specify][above][below][Not
Applicable]
[Business Day][Scheduled Trading
Day]: 
As used in this item and for the purpose of
determining the Reference Item Rate only, "Business 
Day" means [a day on which commercial banks and
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are
open for general business (including dealing in
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in
[specify] [A TARGET Settlement Day][ [a "U.S.
Government Securities Business Day", being any day

--- Page 223 ---
- 207 -
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association
recommends that the fixed income departments of its
members be closed for the entire day for the purposes
of trading in U.S. government securities] 
[Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
[Global Note exchangeable for definitive Bearer
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the
Global Note]] 
Additional Business Centres: 
[Not Applicable][Insert Additional Business Centre] 
Additional Financial Centre for Condition
6(e): 
[Not Applicable][Insert Additional Financial Centre]
(Note that this item relates to the date and place of
payment, and not Business Days) 
New Global Note Form: 
[Yes][No]
Receipts to be attached to definitive Bearer
Notes: 
[Yes/No. If yes, insert dates][Not Applicable] 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: amount
of each instalment ("Instalment Amount"),
date on which each payment is to be made
("Instalment Date"): 
[Not Applicable] ["Instalment Amount" means
[insert
amount]
per
Calculation
Amount
and
"Instalment Date(s)" means [each of] [specify]. [For
the avoidance of doubt, if any Instalment Date falls on
or about the due date for the redemption of the Notes
in full, the Instalment Amount will remain payable on
the relevant Instalment Date.]] 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable][The provisions [in Condition 12
(Further Issues)] apply] 
Calculation Agent: 
[specify] [Bankinter, S.A.] 
Commissioner:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Modifications: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on [specify relevant
market] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the EUR 4,000,000,000 Structured Notes Programme of
Bankinter International Notes S.à r.l.] 
RESPONSIBILITY

--- Page 224 ---
- 208 -
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant
third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By:  
____________________________ 
By: 
____________________________ 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
By: 
____________________________ 
By: 
____________________________ 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
[Signed on behalf of the Commissioner: 
By: 
Duly authorised] 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
LISTING 
Listing: 
[The Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext
Dublin
("Euronext Dublin")] [insert name of
regulated market] [Not Applicable] 
Admission to trading: 
Application [has been/will be made] to [[insert name
of competent authority under Directive 2001/34/EC]
for the Notes [insert relevant details] to be admitted
to the Official List and Euronext Dublin] / [[insert
name of relevant entity for admission to trading if
different from first-mentioned competent authority]
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [insert name
of regulated market]]. 
[Not Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.)

--- Page 225 ---
- 209 -
[Estimate of total expenses related to
admission to trading 
[
]] 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued have [not] been rated[: 
[
] 
[
] 
[
] 
[Insert full name of legal entity that has given the
rating] is established in the European Union and has
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No
1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of the
corresponding registration decision has not yet been
provided by the relevant competent authority.] 
[Insert full name of legal entity that has given the
rating] is established in the European Union and
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as
amended).] 
[Insert full name of legal entity that has given the
rating] is a third country rating agency that is
endorsed by an [EU registered] [European Union]
registered] agency and [has/has not] applied for
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as
amended) but is certified in accordance with such
regulation.] 
[Insert full name of legal entity that has given the
rating] is not established in the European Union and
has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC)
No 1060/2009 (as amended).] 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency
established in the European Union and registered
under
the
Regulation
(EC)
No
1060/2009
(as
amended) ("CRA Regulation") unless the rating is
provided by a credit rating agency operating in the
European Union before 7 June 2010 which has
submitted
an
application
for
registration
in
accordance with the CRA Regulation and such
registration is not refused.

--- Page 226 ---
- 210 -
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning
of the ratings if this has previously been published by
the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the
Programme generally or, where the issue has been
specifically rated, that rating.) 
A rating is not a recommendation by any rating
organisation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be
subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the
assigning rating organisation.] 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer,
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the
following statement:
"Save as discussed in ["Plan of Distribution"] [and] "General Information", so far as the Issuer is aware,
no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER[,] [AND] ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS [AND ESTIMATED 
TOTAL EXPENSES] 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus]
[The net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes will
be [used as described in "Use of Proceeds" in the
Base Prospectus]] [The Notes are Green Bonds and
the net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes will
be [used as described in "Use of Proceeds" in the
Base Prospectus][specify any updated disclosure in
relation to Green Bonds, as applicable, if use of
proceeds is different from "Use of Proceeds" in the
Base Prospectus]] 
[Any delay or failure by the Issuer or Guarantor in
allocating or dealing with net proceeds of the Notes
or otherwise performing as described under “Use of
Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus and Part B of these
Applicable Transaction Terms will not constitute an
Event of Default under the Notes and will not give
rise to any other claim of a holder of the Notes] 
[] (Specify if reasons for offer is different from what
is disclosed in the Base Prospectus) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[
]

--- Page 227 ---
- 211 -
(If the Notes are retail non-equity securities to which
Annex 14 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU)
No 2019/980 applies and the proceeds are intended
for more than one use will need to split out and
present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to
fund all proposed uses state amount and sources of
other funding) 
[Estimated total expenses:] 
[
] [NB: Delete unless the Notes are retail non-
equity securities to which Annex 14 of Commission
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 applies] 
[[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[
] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future
yield] 
[Floating Rate Notes and Reference Rate Linked Notes (as applicable) – PERFORMANCE OF 
RATES 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] rates can be obtained, [but not] free of
charge, from [Reuters/Bloomberg/other electronic means of obtaining the details of performance]. 
[include in case one or multiple rates are a benchmark within the meaning of the Benchmark Regulation:
The rate is a “benchmark” within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmark 
Regulation) which is provided by [insert name of administrator]. As at the date of these Final Terms
[insert name of administrator] is [not] registered in the register of administrators and benchmarks
established and maintained by European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article
36 of the Benchmark Regulation.] 
[Include where the Notes reference SOFR: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal Reserve Bank of
New York. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, endorse or recommend any
products or services offered by the Issuer.]] 
[Equity Linked Notes or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes – PERFORMANCE OF 
INDEX/FORMULA/ 
CURRENCY/EXPLANATION 
OF 
EFFECT 
ON 
VALUE 
OF 
INVESTMENT AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE REFERENCE ITEM
[Disclosure here must comply with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, Annex 17, item
2.2.2 and provide an indication of where information on past and future performance and volatility of
the equity/index /other variable can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be
obtained free of charge. [Where the underlying is a Share Index or other index, need to include the name
of the index and insert a link or give other indication as to where further information about the Share
Index or other index can be found and note additional requirements and related regulatory position if
the index is not provided by an EU Benchmarks Regulation approved administrator.] [Where the
Reference Item is a Share or other security, include name of issuer of such Share/Security and ISIN or
other relevant identification number and insert link or give other indication of where further information
of Share/Security can be found.]
[(When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]

--- Page 228 ---
- 212 -
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and
where it can be obtained]][does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
[Insert any required index disclaimers]] 
[Dual
Currency
Notes
only
– PERFORMANCE OF RATE[S] OF EXCHANGE AND 
EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the relevant rate[s] can
be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge and a clear and
comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is affected by the underlying and the
circumstances when the risks are most evident.]
[(When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]] 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[
] 
Common Code: 
[
] 
CUSIP Code: 
[
] 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the
website of the Association of National Numbering
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the
responsible
National
Numbering
Agency
that
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the
website of the Association of National Numbering
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the
responsible
National
Numbering
Agency
that
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names
and
addresses
of
initial
Paying
Agent(s) (if any): 
[
] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying
Agent(s) (if any): 
[
] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by

--- Page 229 ---
- 213 -
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility
criteria have been met.] [include this text if "yes" 
selected in which case the bearer Global Notes must
be issued in NGN form] 
[No. While the designation is specified as "no" at the
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility
criteria have been met.]] 
DISTRIBUTION 
Method of distribution
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
If syndicated, names [and addresses]
of
Managers
and
underwriting
commitments/quotas
(material
features): 
[Not
Applicable/give
names,
addresses
and
underwriting commitments] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the
Managers.) 
[Date of [Subscription Agreement]]: 
[
] 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable][give names] 
If non-syndicated, name and address
of relevant Dealer: 
[
] 
Total commission and concession: 
[[
]% of the Aggregate Principal Amount][][Not
Applicable] 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; [TEFRA C/
TEFRA not applicable]]
Non-exempt Offer where there is no
exemption from the obligation under
the Prospectus Regulation to publish
a prospectus 
[Applicable] [Not
Applicable](if
not applicable,
delete the remaining placeholders of this paragraph
(viii) and also paragraph 12 below)

--- Page 230 ---
- 214 -
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions: 
[Specify relevant Member State(s) where the issuer
intends to make Non-exempt Offers (where the Base
Prospectus lists the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions,
select from that list), which must therefore be
jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus and any
supplements have been passported (in addition to the
jurisdiction where approved and published)] 
Offer Period: 
[Specify date] until [specify date or a formula such as
"the Issue Date" or "the date which falls []
Business Days thereafter"] 
Financial
intermediaries
granted
specific consent to use the Base
Prospectus in accordance with the
Conditions in it: 
[Insert
names
and
addresses
of
financial
intermediaries
receiving
consent
(specific
consent)]/[Not Applicable] 
(In the case of offers in Italy, consider whether
consent should be applicable) 
General Consent: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
Other Authorised Offeror Terms : 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other Authorised
Offeror Terms] 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included
here where General Consent is applicable) 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a
Non-exempt offer in relevant jurisdictions. No such
offer should be made in any relevant jurisdiction until
those requirements have been met. Non-exempt offers
may only be made into jurisdictions in which the base
prospectus
(and
any
supplement)
has
been
notified/passported.) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable[, other than with respect
to offers or sales of the Notes, or the Notes otherwise
being made available, in [specify jurisdiction(s) for
which a PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the
period[s] [
]- [
] [repeat periods as
necessary]]] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key
information document will be prepared in the EEA
other than in the relevant specified jurisdiction(s) for
the relevant specified period(s), "Applicable" should
be specified and details provided accordingly.) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail
Investors 
[Not Applicable/Applicable[, other than with respect
to offers or sales of the Notes, or the Notes otherwise
being made available, in the United Kingdom during

--- Page 231 ---
- 215 -
the period[s] [
]-[
] [repeat periods as
necessary]] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key
information document will be prepared in the UK
other than for the relevant specified period(s),
"Applicable" should
be
specified
and
details
provided accordingly.) 
U.S. TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Notes for purposes of
Section 871(m).][Based on market conditions on the
date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has made a
preliminary determination that the Notes are [not]
Specified Notes for purposes of Section 871(m). This
is a preliminary determination only that is subject to
change based on market conditions on the Issue Date.
If the Issuer's final determination is different then it
will give notice of such determination.] [Please
contact [give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer
contact]
for
further
information
regarding
the
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes.] (The
Notes will not be Specified Securities if they (i) are
issued prior to January 1, 2025 and are not "delta-
one" for U.S. tax purposes or (ii) do not reference any
U.S. equity or any index that contains any component
U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect
exposure to U.S. equities. If the Notes reference a U.S.
equity or an index that contains a component U.S.
equity
or
otherwise
provide
direct
or
indirect
exposure to U.S. equities and (i) are issued prior to
January 1, 2025 and provide a return that does not
differ significantly from the return on an investment
in the underlying, or (ii) are issued on or after
January 1, 2025, further analysis would be required.) 
[TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
(Delete whole section if sub-paragraph 10(viii) above is specified to be Not Applicable because there is
no Non-exempt Offer) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price/Not Applicable/specify] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[The Offer of the Notes in Italy is conditional upon
their issue. 
No dealings in Notes to be publicly offered in Italy
may take place prior to the Issue Date.]

--- Page 232 ---
- 216 -
[The effectiveness of the offer is subject to the
adoption of the resolution of admission to trading of
the Notes on the [] before the Issue Date. As such,
the Issuer undertakes to file the application for the
Italian Notes to be admitted to trading on the [] in
time for the adoption of such resolution.] (This
language should be included where reimbursement of
the Noteholder's investment is not guaranteed) 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Description
of
possibility
to
reduce
subscriptions
and
manner
for
refunding
amounts paid in excess by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Details of the method and time limits for
paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Manner in and date on which results of the
offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription rights
and treatment of subscription rights not
exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for
certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Process for notifying applicants of the amount
allotted and an indication whether dealing
may begin before notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Amount of any expenses and taxes charged to
the subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or UK MiFIR
and/or PRIIPs and/or UK PRIIPS Regulation such
that it is required to disclose information relating to
costs and charges, also include that information) 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent known
to the Issuer, of the placers in the various
countries where the offer takes place 
[The Authorised Offerors identified in paragraph [10]
above
and
identifiable
from
the
Base
Prospectus/None/give details] 
[Name and address of the entities which have
a firm commitment to act as intermediaries in
secondary
trading,
providing
liquidity
through bid and offer rates and description of
the main terms of their commitment:]] 
[None/give details] 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION

--- Page 233 ---
- 217 -
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2)
statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are
calculated
by
reference
to
[insert
name(s)
of
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert
name(s) of the administrator(s) – if more than one,
specify in relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name(s) of
the administrator(s)] [is/are] [not] included in the
register of administrators and benchmarks established
and maintained by the European Securities and
Markets
Authority
pursuant
to
Article
36
of
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011.] [repeat as necessary]]

--- Page 234 ---
- 218 -
ANNEX
SUMMARY OF THE NOTES 
[Issue specific summary to be inserted in the case of the Notes issued with minimum denomination of less than
EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency)]

--- Page 235 ---
- 219 - 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
The Pricing Supplement in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be completed to reflect the particular terms of
the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the
Pricing Supplement but denotes directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 FOR THE 
ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers or sales of
the Notes, or the Notes otherwise being made available, in [specify jurisdiction(s) for which a PRIIPs KID is being
prepared] [during the period[s] [
]- [
] [repeat periods as necessary],] [T]/[t]he Notes are not intended
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as
amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10)
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the
"Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key information document required by
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers or sales of
the Notes, or the Notes otherwise being made available, in the United Kingdom ("UK"), during the period[s] [
]-[
] [repeat periods as necessary],] [T]/[t]he Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the [United
Kingdom ("UK")][UK]. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently[, save as provided above], no key
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be included]] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / target market – [appropriate target market leged to be included]] 
Pricing Supplement dated [
] 
Bankinter International Notes S.à r.l. 
société à responsabilité limitée 
Registered office: 46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
R.C.S. Luxembourg: B262854 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 529900QGCKTS5X3AG225
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed by

--- Page 236 ---
- 220 - 
BANKINTER, S.A. 
under the 
EUR 4,000,000,000 Structured Notes Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no
obligation arises for the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the
Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each
case, in relation to such offer. 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein. This Pricing Supplement must
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [] February 2025 [as supplemented by the supplement[s]
dated [date[s]]] (the "Base Prospectus"). Prospective investors should note that investing in the Notes entails 
certain risks including (without limitation) the risk that the Issue Price may be greater than the market 
value of the Notes [and the risk that the Calculation Agent may exercise its discretion in such a way as to 
affect amounts due and payable under the Notes and/or their Maturity Date]. For a more detailed 
description of certain of the risks involved, see "Risk Factors" on pages 9 to 42 of the Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented). 
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the
basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available
for viewing at (https://live.euronext.com/) [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be
obtained from [address]]. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions")
set forth in the Base Prospectus [dated [original date] [and the supplement dated [date]] which are incorporated
by reference in the Base Prospectus].1
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs.
Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination
[must/may need to] be EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Bankinter International Notes S.à r.l. 
Guarantor: 
Bankinter, S.A. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[
] 
Tranche Number: 
[
] 
Applicable Annex(es): 
[Not Applicable] 
[Annex 1: Equity Linked Conditions] 
[Annex 2: Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked
Conditions]
1
Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche was issued under a Base Prospectus with a different 
date.

--- Page 237 ---
- 221 - 
[Annex 3: Reference Rate Linked Conditions] 
[Annex 4: Payout Conditions [for the purposes of
Payout Condition 5 only]]
Type of securities: 
[Notes] [Insert in the case of Green Bonds: which are
Green Bonds.] 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[
][Specify if Settlement Exchange Rate and
Settlement Payment both apply: (the "SER Subject 
Currency") for the purpose of the Specified
Denomination and calculations and [
] (the
"Settlement Currency")
for
the
purpose
of
payments] 
Aggregate Principal Amount of Notes: 
Series: 
[
] 
Tranche: 
[
] 
Issue Price: 
[
]% of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of
fungible issues only, if applicable)][converted into
the Settlement Currency at the Initial Settlement
Exchange Rate, being [specify amount] in respect of
the Aggregate Principal Amount and "Initial SER" 
means [specify]] 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[
] 
Calculation Amount (in relation to
calculation of interest in global form
see Conditions): 
[the Specified Denomination][Insert in the case of
Instalment
Notes:
(the "Original Calculation 
Amount") minus, for the purposes of any calculation
by reference to the Calculation Amount on any day,
the sum of the Instalment Amounts paid prior to the
relevant day [save for the purposes of calculation of
any
[Interest
Amount][Final
Redemption
Amount][Early
Redemption
Amount][Automatic
Early Redemption Amount] [[payable][deliverable]
on [specify]] for which purposes the Original
Calculation Amount will continue to apply]]. 
If there are several Specified Denominations, insert
the highest common factor of those Specified
Denominations. (Note: there must be a common
factor of two or more Specified Denominations) 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[
] 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify] [Issue Date] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 238 ---
- 222 - 
[An Interest Commencement Date will not be
relevant for certain Notes, for example, Zero Coupon
Notes] 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date (including any relevant Business Day
Convention) or (for Floating Rate Notes, Equity
Linked Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked
Notes, Reference Rate Linked Notes or Other
Reference Item Linked Notes) Interest Payment Date
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and
year][or such later date for redemption determined as
provided in the [ [Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate
Linked
Conditions][or, in all
circumstances
if
applicable, such later date for payment determined as
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions
set out in Payout Condition 5] 
[If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the
Issue Date the Notes must comply with the Central
Bank of Ireland's notice by the Central Bank of
Ireland of exemptions granted under section 8(2) of
the Central Bank Act, 1971 as amended (BSD
C01/02) and, inter alia, have a minimum Specified
Denomination of Euro 125,000. In addition such
Notes must bear the following legend:
"An investment in the Notes does not have the status
of a bank deposit and does not have the protection of
the deposit protection scheme operated by the
Central Bank of Ireland. The Issuer is not regulated
by the Central Bank of Ireland by virtue of the issue
of the Notes."] 
Interest Basis: 
[[
]% Fixed Rate] [in relation to the
[first[(n=1)]][,][and][second[(n=2)]][,][and][third[(n
=3)]][] (insert further number of interest payment
dates,
as
applicable)
[Interest
Payment
Date][Instalment Date] 
[[specify reference rate]+/- [
]% Floating Rate] 
[Index Linked Interest] 
[Other (Specify)] 
[Equity Linked] [in relation to each Interest Payment
Date
after
the
[[first][second][third][]
(insert
further
number
of interest
payment dates, as
applicable)]
Interest
Payment
Date[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)]
[]
(insert
further
number of interest payment dates, as applicable)]]:
please see the section headed Provisions Applicable
to Equity Linked Notes below for more details]

--- Page 239 ---
- 223 - 
[Reference [Item] Rate Linked [in relation to each
Interest
Payment
Date
after
the
[[first][second][third][] (insert further number of
interest payment dates, as applicable)] Interest
Payment
Date[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)]
[]
(insert
further
number
of interest
payment dates, as
applicable)]]: please see Provisions Applicable to
Reference [Item] Rate Linked Notes below for more
details] 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked [in relation to
each
Interest
Payment
Date
after
the
[[first][second][third] [] (insert further number of
interest payment dates, as applicable)] Interest
Payment
Date[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)]
[]
(insert
further
number
of interest
payment dates, as
applicable)]]: please see Provisions Applicable to
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes" below
for more details] 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by
reference to the applicable Settlement Exchange
Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[and each Interest Amount will be multiplied by the
FX Factor as provided below] 
[The Notes do not bear or pay any interest] 
(further particulars specified
in
items 11
and
[19/20/21//22//23/24/25/26/29/30] below) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If more than one fixed rate is to be determined
repeat items (i) to (iii) of this paragraph for each
such rate and, if Digital Coupon One Condition or
Digital Coupon Two Conditions apply distinguish
between the Rate which is Rate A, the Rate which is
Rate B and the Rate which is Rate C if applicable) 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[
]%
[per
annum]
[payable
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly/other/(s
pecify)] in arrear] [on the [Instalment Amount][insert
other basis to which the Rate of Interest might be
applied]
on
the
[the/each]
[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][]
(insert
further
number
of interest
payment dates, as
applicable)
Interest
Payment
Date
[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=]
[Instalment
Date]

--- Page 240 ---
- 224 - 
(insert or delete numbers of interest payment dates,
as applicable)]. 
[
]% [per Calculation Amount][Instalment
Amount]
from,
and
including,
the
[[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][]
(insert
further
number
of interest
payment dates, as
applicable)]
Interest
Payment
Date
[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=]
(insert
or
delete
numbers of interest payment dates, as applicable)]
[Instalment Date]] 
[Not Applicable] 
Fixed
Coupon
Amount[(s)]
for
Notes in definitive form (and in
relation to Notes in global form see
Conditions): 
[
] [per Calculation Amount][Instalment
Amount]
[on
the
[the/each]
[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][]
(insert
further
number
of interest
payment dates, as
applicable)
Interest
Payment
Date
[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=]
(insert
or
delete
numbers of interest payment dates, as applicable)
[Instalment Date]]
[[
] [per [Calculation Amount][Instalment
Amount]]
from,
and
including,
the
[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][]
(insert
further
number
of interest
payment dates, as
applicable)
Interest
Payment
Date
[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=]
(insert
or
delete
numbers of interest payment dates, as applicable)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in
definitive form (and in relation to
Notes
in
global
form
see
Conditions): 
[[
] per Calculation Amount, payable on the
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [
]] [Not
Applicable] 
Other terms relating to the method of
calculating interest for Fixed Rate
Notes: 
[Not Applicable][give details] 
Redemption/Payment basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[See item 29 below] 
[Dual Currency] 
[Instalment] 
[Other (specify)] 
[Index Linked Redemption]

--- Page 241 ---
- 225 - 
[Equity Linked: please see the section headed
Provisions Applicable to Equity Linked Notes below
for more details] 
[Reference [Item] Rate Linked: please see Provisions
Applicable to Reference [Item] Rate Linked Notes
below for more details] 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked: please see
Provisions Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX)
Rate Linked Notes" below for more details] 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by
reference to the applicable Settlement Exchange
Rate] 
[provided that each redemption amount will be
multiplied by the relevant FX Factor as provided
below] 
[Other Reference Item Linked: please see details set
out at Final Redemption Amount of each Note below
for more details.] 
Reference Item(s): 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1
to [[k][specify])] will apply [for [Interest][and]
[Automatic Early Redemption][and][Redemption]
determination purposes:][Not Applicable] 
[For
[k]
=
1][specify][insert
description][(see
paragraph [specify])]
(Repeat if necessary) 
[and] 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] =
[specify] to [k] = [specify])] will apply [for
[Redemption] determination purposes]: 
[For [k] = [specify]][specify][insert description][(see
paragraph [specify])]
(Repeat if necessary) 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment
Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
On
[the/each]
[[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][]]
(insert
further
number
of interest
payment dates, as
applicable) Interest Payment Date [[(n=1)][(n=2)]
[(n=3)][(n=)] (insert or delete numbers of interest

--- Page 242 ---
- 226 - 
payment dates, as applicable)], [both (insert or
delete,
as
applicable)]
the
Interest
Amount
calculated
in
accordance
with
paragraph
[11]/[19]/[20] below and [on [the Instalment Date]
[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][]]
(insert
further
number
of interest
payment dates, as
applicable) the Fixed Coupon Amount calculated in
accordance
with
paragraph
[11]/[19]/[20]
shall
become payable] (insert or delete as applicable). 
[And/or specify the date when any change to the
Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment Basis occurs
with reference to paragraphs 11 and 20 below] 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions: 
[Not
Applicable][Applicable
[and
Settlement
Currency Payment [applies/does not apply]]
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Settlement Exchange Rate: 
[Specify rate] [As per Payout Condition 5] 
(if a rate is specified then delete the remaining
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
SER Valuation Date(s): 
[specify]
[or,
if
applicable,]
[[specify]
SER
Scheduled Trading Days prior to the [scheduled]
[specify each payment date]] 
(where different SER Valuation Dates apply to
different payment dates, specify in respect of each
applicable payment date) 
Provisions applicable to determining
the Settlement Exchange Rate: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement
Exchange Rate in Payout Condition 5: 
[SER Base Currency: [specify]] 
SER Price Source: [specify] 
Relevant Screen Page: [specify] 
SER Valuation Time: [specify] 
SER Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction: [specify] 
SER Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate]

--- Page 243 ---
- 227 - 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality, where: 
SER
Price
Materiality
Percentage:
[specify][3]% 
SER
Primary
Rate:
[specify][The
rate
determined as set out in the definition of
Settlement Exchange Rate] 
SER Secondary Rate: [specify][SER First
Fallback
Reference
Price
[and]][SER
Second Fallback Reference Price]] 
SER Disruption Fallbacks (for Price
Source
Disruption
and
Price
Materiality only): 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
[First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
SER First Fallback Price Source: [specify] 
SER
First
Fallback
Valuation
Time:
[specify] 
SER First Fallback Number of Settlement
Days: [specify]] 
[Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
SER
Second
Fallback
Price
Source:
[specify] 
SER Second Fallback Valuation Time:
[specify] 
SER
Second
Fallback
Number
of
Settlement Days: [specify]] 
[Valuation Postponement]

--- Page 244 ---
- 228 - 
SER Number of Postponement Settlement
Days:
[[Two][specify]]
[Business
Days][SER Settlement Days] [specify] 
SER Maximum Days of Postponement:
[specify] 
(specify fallbacks required and arrange order in
which to be applied) 
SER Cumulative Events: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable and SER Maximum
Cumulative Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
SER Number of Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where SER Settlement
Day Centre(s) means [specify]] 
SER Additional Disruption Event: 
(Specify each of the following which applies)
[Change in Law][Hedging Disruption][Increased
Cost of Hedging] 
(Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging
should not be specified for Notes admitted to trading
on SeDeX Market or EuroTLX) 
[Trade Date means [specify]] 
(i) 
[Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
Status of the Guarantee: 
Senior Preferred]
[Date [Board] approval for issuance
of
Notes
[and
Guarantee]
[respectively] obtained: 
[
] [and [
], respectively] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar)
authorisation is required for the particular tranche
of the Notes or related Guarantee) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable: Knock-in Value is
[(i)][greater than][greater than or equal to][less
than][less
than
or
equal
to]
the
Knock-in
[Level][Price][within the Knock-in Range] (Only
applicable if a payment to be made in respect of the
Notes is subject to a condition precedent that a
Knock-in Event has occurred. If not applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-paragraphs
of
this
paragraph) 
(Insert for Reference Item Linked Notes) 
Knock-in Value:
[insert definition from Payout Condition 4.2]

--- Page 245 ---
- 229 - 
Knock-in Level/Knock-in Price: 
[specify value or percentage] 
Knock-in Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of
values, percentages, level, or prices etc.] to and
[including][excluding] [specify range of values,
percentages, level, or prices etc.] [Not Applicable]
Knock-in Determination Day(s): 
[specify][Each
Scheduled
Trading
Day
in
the
Knock-in Determination Period][Not Applicable]
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a
Disrupted
Day,
[Omission][Postponement][Modified
Postponement] will apply] 
Knock-in Determination Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date: 
[Applicable][specify][Not Applicable]
Knock-in Period Beginning Date
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Knock-in
Period
Ending
Date
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a
Knock-in Determination Day][Not Applicable] 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable: The Knock-out Value
is [(i)] [greater than][greater than or equal to][less
than][less
than
or
equal
to]
the
Knock-out
[Level][Price] [within the Knock-out Range] 
(Only applicable if a payment to be made in respect
of the Notes is subject to a condition precedent that
a Knock-out Event has occurred. If not applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-paragraphs
of
this
paragraph) 
(Insert for Reference Item Linked Notes) 
Knock-out Value: 
[insert definition from Payout Condition 4.2] 
Knock-out Level/Knock-out Price: 
[specify value or percentage] 
Knock-out Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of
values, percentages, level, or prices etc.] to and

--- Page 246 ---
- 230 - 
[including][excluding] [specify range of values,
percentages, level, or prices etc.][Not Applicable]
Knock-out Determination Day(s): 
[[From and including][From and excluding][To and
including][To but excluding][specify]] 
[specify][Each
Scheduled
Trading
Day
in
the
Knock-out Determination Period][Not Applicable] 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is
a
Disrupted
Day,
[Omission][Postponement][Modified
Postponement] will apply] 
Knock-out Determination Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Knock-out Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Knock-out
Period
Ending
Date
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a
Knock-out Determination Day][Not Applicable]

--- Page 247 ---
- 231 - 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[If applicable specify: provided that each Interest
Amount
determined
in
accordance
with
the
Conditions (prior to any rounding) will be multiplied
by the relevant FX Factor and the resulting amount
then rounded as provided in the Conditions, where: 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6
and other relevant definitions from the Payout
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the
Payout Conditions]] 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[
] [in each year] [adjusted in accordance with
[specify Business Day]][not adjusted][or such later
date for payment determined as provided in the
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out in
Condition 5 of the Payout Conditions] 
Margin(s): 
[+ [specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable] 
(If a Margin applies for each Interest Period, the
Margin shall be specified separately for each Interest
Period) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable] 
(If a Minimum Interest Rate applies for each Interest
Period, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be specified
separately for each Interest Period) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable] 
(If a Maximum Interest Rate applies for each Interest
Period, the Maximum Interest Rate shall be specified
separately for each Interest Period) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Actual/Actual
(ICMA/ISDA)][specify
other][Not Applicable]
Rate of Interest: 
[In
respect
of
[the/each]
[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][]
(insert
further
number
of interest
payment dates, as
applicable)
Interest
Payment
Date
[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=]
(insert
or
delete
numbers of interest payment dates, as applicable)]
[(from
[specify]
to
[specify])][falling
[on[or

--- Page 248 ---
- 232 - 
about]][during the period from and including]
[specify] [to and including [specify]] only]][Not
Applicable]]the Rate of Interest shall be determined
by the Calculation Agent [in accordance with the
[following] [formula(e)][below]][as the sum of the
following
[items
[specify]
to
[specify]
(each
inclusive) below] [which shall be applied to [the
difference between (x) the Original Calculation
Amount
minus
(y)
the
Instalment
Amount
(irrespective of whether the Instalment Amount has
been paid or not)][insert other basis to which the
Rate of Interest might be applied]]][Insert letters or
numbering here and next to each payout if this adds
clarity (eg (a), (b). . .)]:] 
[In respect of [the/each] Interest Payment Date from,
and
including,
the
[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][]
(insert
further
number
of interest
payment dates, as
applicable)
Interest
Payment
Date
[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=]
(insert
or
delete
numbers of interest payment dates, as applicable)]
the Rate of Interest shall be determined by the
Calculation Agent [in accordance with the [following
formula(e)]][as the sum of the following [items
[specify] to [specify] (each inclusive) below][which
shall be applied to the [Calculation Amount][insert
other basis to which the Rate of Interest might be
applied]]][Insert letters or numbering here and next
to each payout if this adds clarity (eg (a), (b). . .)]:]
[Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
(The
above
formulation
may
be
repeated
as
necessary) 
(In respect of the following, insert formula, relevant
value(s) and other related definitions from Payout
Condition 2.1 and relevant definitions from Payout
Condition 4) 
[Rate of Interest (i)]
[Rate of Interest (ii)]
[Rate of Interest (iii)]
[Rate of Interest (iv)]
[Rate of Interest (v)]
[Rate of Interest (vi)]
[Rate of Interest (vii)]
[Rate of Interest (viii)]
[Rate of Interest (ix)]
[Rate of Interest (x)]
[Rate of Interest (xi)]
[Rate of Interest (xii)]
[Rate of Interest (xiii)]
[Rate of Interest (xiv)]

--- Page 249 ---
- 233 - 
(If the Rate of Interest is calculated by reference to
Reference Items, Valuation Dates, Observation
Dates etc. or is otherwise calculated differently in
respect of each Interest Payment Date, above options
may be repeated and numerical suffixes may be used
to clarify which Reference Item, Rate of Interest,
Valuation Date, Observation Date etc. applies in
respect of the corresponding Interest Payment Date) 
Calculation of Interest Amounts as
fixed amounts 
[Calculation of Interest Amounts as a fixed amounts:
Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
Floating Rate Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for purposes only of
determining the "Rate" element of the Rate of
Interest specified in item [19(vi)]] (insert where
"Rate of Interest (ix) – Range Accrual" applies
under item 19(vi)) 
(If more than one floating rate is to be determined,
repeat items (i) to (xiii) as applicable for each such
rate and, if Digital Coupon One Condition or Digital
Coupon Two Conditions apply distinguish between
the Rate which is Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B
and the Rate which is Rate C if applicable) 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Specified Period: 
[
]
(Specified Period and specified Interest Payment
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather
than specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar
Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable") 
[First Interest Payment Date:] 
[
] 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day
Convention/Modified
Following
Business
Day
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]
[Not Applicable] [Business Day Convention only
needs to be specified here if Specified Periods are
specified] 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]

--- Page 250 ---
- 234 - 
Party responsible for calculating the
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest
Amount(s): 
[specify] (Calculation Agent) 
Margin Plus Rate: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Specified Percentage Multiplied by
Rate:
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Difference in Rates: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Screen
Rate
Determination
of
Rate[1]: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If
not
applicable
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 

Reference Rate: 
[[
] month] 
[EURIBOR
Compounded
Daily
SONIA
/
Compounded Daily SOFR / Compounded Daily
€STR][specify] [Insert in the case of Compounded
Daily SONIA except where Index Determintion
applies: For this purpose Relevant Screen Page
means [specify]] 

Observation Method 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily SONIA
or Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded
Daily €STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable) 

Observation
Look-Back
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/ [] [London Banking Days] /
[U.S.
Government
Securities
Business
Days][TARGET Business Days] 
(Specify
for
Compounded
Daily
SONIA
or
Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded
Daily €STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable. N.B.
must be at least two such relevant days to allow
clearing system payments) 

Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Include if applicable for Compounded Daily SONIA
or Compounded Daily SOFR) 

Interest
Determination
Date(s): 
[Insert for EURIBOR: Second TARGET System
Business Day prior to the start of each Interest
Period]

--- Page 251 ---
- 235 - 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA–non Index
Determination: Second London Banking Day prior
to the relevant Interest Payment Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA – Index
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number
of London Banking Days prior to the relevant
Interest Payment Date and Relevant Number means
[insert number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR–non Index
Determination: Second U.S. Government Securities
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment
Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number
of U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to
the relevant Interest Payment Date and Relevant 
Number means [insert number being two or
greater]] 
[Insert
for
Compounded
Daily
€STR:
Second
TARGET System Business Day prior to the relevant
Interest Payment Date] 

Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][ Reuters EURIBOR 01] 

Relevant Time: 
[specify][ 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time] 

Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/eurozone
(where
eurozone
means
the
region comprised of the countries whose lawful
currency is the euro)][specify] 

Alternative Pre-nominated
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None] 
ISDA Determination of Rate[1]: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If
not
applicable
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 

Floating Rate Option: 
[
] 

Designated Maturity: 
[
] 

Reset Date: 
[
] 

Alternative Pre-nominated
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None] 
Screen Rate Determination of Rate
2: 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 252 ---
- 236 - 
(If
not
applicable
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(in relation to Difference in Rates) 
 

Reference Rate: 
[[
] month] 
[EURIBOR
Compounded
Daily
SONIA
/
Compounded Daily SOFR / Compounded Daily
€STR][specify] [Insert in the case of Compounded
Daily SONIA except where Index Determintion
applies: For this purpose Relevant Screen Page
means [specify]] 

Observation Method 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily SONIA
or Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded
Daily €STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable) 

Observation
Look-Back
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/ [] [London Banking Days] /
[U.S.
Government
Securities
Business
Days][TARGET Business Days] 
(Specify
for
Compounded
Daily
SONIA
or
Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded
Daily €STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable. N.B.
must be at least two such relevant days to allow
clearing system payments) 

Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Include if applicable for Compounded Daily SONIA
or Compounded Daily SOFR) 

Interest
Determination
Date(s): 
[Insert for EURIBOR: Second TARGET System
Business Day prior to the start of each Interest
Period]
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA–non Index
Determination: Second London Banking Day prior
to the relevant Interest Payment Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA – Index
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number
of London Banking Days prior to the relevant
Interest Payment Date and Relevant Number means
[insert number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR–non Index
Determination: Second U.S. Government Securities
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment
Date]

--- Page 253 ---
- 237 - 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number
of U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to
the relevant Interest Payment Date and Relevant 
Number means [insert number being two or
greater]] 
[Insert
for
Compounded
Daily
€STR:
Second
TARGET System Business Day prior to the relevant
Interest Payment Date] 

Relevant Screen Page: 
[Reuters EURIBOR 01][specify] 

Relevant Time: 
[11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time] [specify] 

Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/eurozone
(where
eurozone
means
the
region comprised of the countries whose lawful
currency is the euro][specify] 

Alternative Pre-nominated
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None] 
ISDA Determination of Rate 2: 
(in relation to Difference in Rates) 
 

Floating Rate Option: 
[
] 

Designated Maturity: 
[
] 

Reset Date: 
[
] 

Alternative Pre-nominated
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None] 
Specified Percentage: 
[[
]%][Not Applicable] 
Fallback
provisions,
rounding
provisions, denominator and any
other terms relating to the method of
calculating interest on Floating Rate
Notes, if different from those set out
in the Conditions: 
[
] 
Other Reference Item Linked Interest Note
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 254 ---
- 238 - 
Other Reference Item: 
[
] 
Entity responsible for calculating the
interest due: 
[specify] [Calculation Agent] 
Provisions for determining Coupon
where calculation by reference to
Formula and/or Other Reference
Item: 
[
] 
Interest Determination Date(s):
[
] 
Provisions for determining Coupon
where calculation by reference to
Formula and/or Other Reference
Item is impossible or impracticable
or otherwise disrupted: 
[
] 
Interest or calculation period(s): 
[
] 
Specified Period: 
[
]
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather
than Specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar
Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable") 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[
] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment
Dates
are
alternatives.
If
the
Business
Day
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert "Not
Applicable") 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day
Convention/Modified
Following
Business
Day
Convention/Preceding
Business
Day
Convention/specify
other
Business
Day
convention][Delete as applicable] 
Minimum Rate/Amount of Interest: 
[
]% per annum 
Maximum Rate Amount of Interest: 
[
]% per annum 
Day Count Fraction 
[
] 
Dual Currency Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 255 ---
- 239 - 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Rate
of
Exchange/method
of
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[
] 
Entity, responsible for calculating
the principal and/or interest due: 
[specify] [Calculation Agent] 
Provisions
applicable
where
calculation by reference to Rate of
Exchange
impossible
or
impracticable: 
[
] 
Person at whose option Specified
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[
] 
Equity Linked Note interest provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to "Provisions Applicable
to
Equity
Linked
Notes" below,
for
more
information][Not Applicable][Delete as applicable] 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note
interest provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the sections Provisions
Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked
Notes" 
below
for
more
information][Not
Applicable][Delete as applicable] 
Reference [Item] Rate Linked Note interest
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section "Provisions
Applicable to Reference [Item] Rate Linked Notes" 
below,
for
more
information][Not
Applicable][Delete as applicable] 
Zero Coupon Note provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-paragraphs) 
Accrual Yield: 
[
]% per annum 
Reference Price: 
[
] 
Any
other
formula/basis
of
determining the amount payable for
Zero
Coupon
Notes
which
are
Exempt Notes: 
[
] 
Day Count Fraction in relation to the
Amortised Face Amount: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365]

--- Page 256 ---
- 240 - 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable][provided the Issuer
may only exercise the Call Option if the Optional
Redemption Condition is satisfied] 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(Optional
Redemption
Date(s)
(Call)): 
[
][or such later date for payment determined as
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions
set out in Payout Condition 5][the [insert] Business
Day following [the day on which notice of the Issuer
exercising the Call Option is given to Noteholders] 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)],
where: 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 4
and 6 and other relevant definitions from the Payout
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the
Payout Conditions including, if applicable, Optional
Redemption Condition]) 
Optional
Redemption
Amount(s)
(Call) of each Note: 
[[
] per Calculation Amount][Final Payout as
specified in paragraph 27 below] 
If redeemable in part: 
(a)
Minimum
Redemption
Amount: 
[
] per Calculation Amount 
(b)
Maximum
Redemption
Amount 
[
] per Calculation Amount 
Notice period: 
[
][[] Business Days (the "Minimum Early 
Redemption Notice Period") [At least 5 Business
Days when Notes are cleared through the Euroclear
and Clearstream systems] 
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
Clean-Up Percentage: 
[[75] per cent. / [•] per cent.]

--- Page 257 ---
- 241 - 
Optional
Redemption
Amount(s)
(Clean-Up Call) of each Note and
method, if any, of calculation of such
amount(s): 
[[
] per Calculation Amount] / [•] 
Notice period: 
[•] 
Put Option: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put): 
[
][or such later date for payment determined as
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions
set out in Payout Condition 5])
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of
each Note: 
[
] per Calculation Amount 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, the
Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)],
where: 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6
and other relevant definitions from the Payout
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the
Payout Conditions] 
Notice period: 
[
][[] Business Days (the "Minimum Early 
Redemption Notice Period") [At least 15 Business
Days when Notes are cleared through the Euroclear
and Clearstream systems] 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[Calculation Amount * [specify]%] [Outstanding
Principal Amount immediately prior to the Maturity
Date] [Calculation Amount * Final Payout] [For the
avoidance of doubt, for the purposes of any
calculation by reference to the Calculation Amount
on any day (i.e. also for calculation of the Final
Redemption Amount for each Note), the Calculation
Amount is the Original Calculation Amount minus
the sum of the Instalment Amounts paid prior to the
relevant day [save for the purposes of calculation of
any
[Interest
Amount][Final
Redemption
Amount][Early
Redemption
Amount][Automatic
Early Redemption Amount] [[payable][deliverable]
on [specify]] for which purposes the Original

--- Page 258 ---
- 242 - 
Calculation Amount will continue to apply. See item
7(ii) above.]
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)],
where: 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6
and other relevant definitions from the Payout
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the
Payout Conditions] 
[In
cases
where
the
Final
Redemption
Amount is an Other Reference Item Linked
Redemption Note: 
(If not applicable, delete this sub-paragraph) 
Formula/Other Redemption Item: 
[
][Not Applicable] 
Entity responsible for calculating the
Final Redemption Amount: 
[specify] [Calculation Agent] 
Provisions for determining Final
Redemption
Amount
where
calculated by reference to Formula
and/or
other
Other
Redemption
Item: 
[
][Not Applicable] 
Date
for
determining
Final
Redemption
Amount
where
calculation by reference to Formula
and/or Other Redemption Item: 
[
][Not Applicable] 
Provisions for determining Final
Redemption
Amount
where
calculation by reference to Formula
and/or Other Redemption Item is
impossible
or
impracticable
or
otherwise disrupted: 
[
][Not Applicable] 
[Payment Date:] 
[
] 
Minimum
Final
Redemption
Amount: 
[
] per Calculation Amount 
Maximum
Final
Redemption
Amount: 
[
] per Calculation Amount 
Other
relevant
provisions
or
conditions: 
[Insert as applicable][Not Applicable]]

--- Page 259 ---
- 243 - 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[In respect of [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation
Period] the Automatic Early Redemption shall be
determined by the Calculation Agent [in accordance
with the [following] [formula(e)][below]][as the sum
of the following [items [specify] to [specify] (each
inclusive) below][which shall be applied to [the
difference between (x) the Original Calculation
Amount
minus
(y)
the
Instalment
Amount
(irrespective of whether the Instalment Amount has
been paid or not)]][Insert letters or numbering here
and next to each payout if this adds clarity (eg (a),
(b). . .)]:] 
(If applicable, specify one of the following) 
[ST Automatic Early Redemption] 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Automatic Early Redemption Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
AER Value is: [greater than][greater than or equal
to][less than][less than or equal to] the Automatic
Early Redemption [Level][Price] 
AER
Value
Automatic
Early
Redemption Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
AER Value:
[Insert
relevant
value
definition
and
where
applicable
relevant
definitions
from
Payout
Condition 4.1 and 4.2][Not Applicable] 
Automatic
Early
Redemption
Payout: 
The Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be
determined
in
accordance
with
the
following
formula: 
(Insert relevant formula (and related definitions)
from Payout Condition 3)
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)],
where: 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6
and other relevant definitions from the Payout

--- Page 260 ---
- 244 - 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the
Payout Conditions) 
Automatic
Early
Redemption
Level/Price: 
[[specify] [%[of [RI Initial Value][RI WO Initial
Value][Basket
Initial
Value][RI
BO
Initial
Value]]]][Not Applicable] 
[AER Percentage]: 
[specify]%][Not Applicable] 
Automatic
Early
Redemption
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment determined
as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate
Provisions set out in Payout Condition 5] 
AER Additional Rate: 
[AER Rate][Insert relevant provisions from Payout
Condition 4.1][Not Applicable] 
Automatic
Early
Redemption
Valuation Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] 
Automatic
Early
Redemption
Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the
relevant Valuation Date][during the Observation
Period][Not Applicable]. 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] for the purposes
of Automatic Early Redemption. [The Averaging
Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [
] above] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted
Day
[Omission][Postponement][Modified
Postponement] will apply] 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be
equal to: [specify][five] 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will
be equal to five)] 
Final Payout: 
[Not Applicable] 
[In respect of [ST Redemption Valuation Date] [ST
Redemption Valuation Period] the Final Payout shall
be
determined
by
the
Calculation
Agent
[in
accordance
with
the
[following]
[formula(e)][below]][as the sum of the following
[items
[specify]
to
[specify]
(each
inclusive)
below][which shall be applied to [the difference
between (x) the Original Calculation Amount minus
(y) the Instalment Amount (irrespective of whether
the Instalment Amount has been paid or not)]][Insert
letters or numbering here and next to each payout if
this adds clarity (eg (a), (b). . .)]:]

--- Page 261 ---
- 245 - 
(In respect of the following, insert formula from
Payout Condition 2.2) 
[The sum of the following [items [specify] to
[specify] (each inclusive) below]:] [Insert letters or
numbering here and next to each payout if this adds
clarity (eg (a), (b). . .)] 
[Redemption (i)]
[Redemption (ii)]
[Redemption (iii)]
Early Redemption Amount: 
Early
Redemption
Amount
(Tax)
per
Calculation Amount payable on redemption
for taxation reasons and/or the method of
calculating the same (if required or if different
from that set out in the Conditions): 
[[
] per Calculation Amount (specify the
amount)/Market Value less Associated Costs] 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)],
where: 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6
and other relevant definitions from the Payout
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the
Payout Conditions) 
Redemption
Amount(s)
per
Calculation
Amount payable on an event of default and/or
the method of calculating the same (if
required or if different from that set out in the
Conditions): 
[[
] per Calculation Amount/specify the amount,
which may, where appropriate, be an amount per
Calculation Amount equal to the fair market value of
each Note less applicable costs [including the cost, if
any, for unwinding hedging arrangements]] 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)],
where: 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6
and other relevant definitions from the Payout
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the
Payout Conditions) 
Early Redemption Amount per Calculation
Amount
payable
following
an
early
redemption: 
[[
] per Calculation Amount/Market Value less
Associated Costs/specify amount or method of
calculation][Not Applicable] 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded

--- Page 262 ---
- 246 - 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)],
where: 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6
and other relevant definitions from the Payout
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the
Payout Conditions) 
Fair Market Value Interest Element: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (Specify as required in
respect of each relevant early redemption. Note, this
should be specified as Applicable where accrued
interest will not always be known on an early
redemption: for example when using SONIA, SOFR
or €STR or for other Notes where interest is
determined only shortly before an Interest Payment
Date.) 
Equity Linked Note redemption provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section headed
"Provisions Applicable to Equity Linked Notes" for
more
information][Not
Applicable][Delete
as
applicable] 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note
redemption provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the sections "Provisions
Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked
Notes" 
below
for
more
information][Not
Applicable][Delete as applicable] 
Reference
[Item]
Rate
Linked
Note
redemption provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section "Provisions
Applicable to Reference [Item] Rate Linked Notes" 
below,
for
more
information][Not
Applicable][Delete as applicable]

--- Page 263 ---
- 247 - 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO EQUITY LINKED NOTES
Equity Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][for the purposes of
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item
19(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (viii) – Range
Accrual" applies under item 19(vi)) 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
The provisions of Annex 1 of the Terms and
Conditions (Additional Terms and Conditions for
Equity Linked Notes) shall apply. 
Type of Notes: 
[Single Share Linked Notes][Single Share Index
Linked Notes][Share Basket Linked Notes][Share
Index Basket Linked Notes][Delete as applicable] 
Share(s)/Share Basket/Single Share
Index/Share Index Basket: 
[specify (i) names of each issuer of the Share(s), (ii)
class of each Share, (iii) ISIN or other security
identification code for each Share/Share Index for
Single Share Index Linked Notes or each of the Share
Indices for Share Index Basket Linked
Notes
(specifying where applicable if any such index is a
Dividend Index)][Reference Item[s][k]] 
Share Index Sponsor(s): 
[Insert name(s) of Share Index Sponsor(s)/Share
Dividend Index Sponsor(s)][Not Applicable] 
(in relation to Single Share Index
Linked
Notes
and
Share
Index
Basket Linked Notes only) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] [As per the Conditions] 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges] 
Exchange
Business
Day
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention][Modified
Following
Business
Day
Convention][Not
Applicable] 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify Strike Period][Not Applicable][Specify the
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
Averaging: 
Averaging [(Per [Share/Index])] [applies][does not
apply] to the Notes [in respect of each [specify
relevant
Valuation
Date].][insert
and
repeat
sentence, if applicable]. [The Averaging Dates are
[specify] [See paragraph [
] above]

--- Page 264 ---
- 248 - 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted
Day,
[Omission][Postponement][Modified
Postponement] will apply] 
Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] [Each of the following Coupon Valuation
Dates from i=1 to i=T][Each of the Coupon
Valuation Dates from i=1 to i=T specified in item 19
above.] [Not Applicable]
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Not Applicable][Scheduled Closing
Time][Any
time [on the relevant Coupon Valuation Date][during
the Observation Period]] [[specify], being the time
specified on the relevant [Coupon Valuation Date] or
an Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the
calculation of the [Interest Amount]]
(If no time is specified, the Coupon Valuation Time
will be the Scheduled Closing Time) 
Redemption Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Redemption Valuation Time: 
[Not Applicable][Scheduled Closing
Time][Any
time
[on
the
relevant
Redemption
Valuation
Date][during the Observation Period]] [specify],
being the time specified on the relevant [Redemption
Valuation Date] or an Averaging Date, as the case
may be, for the calculation of the [Redemption
Amount] 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted
Day,
[Omission][Postponement][Modified
Postponement] will apply] 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
[Valuation
Date
and]
Specified
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[The definition of "Valuation Date" in Condition 17
will apply, for which purpose the] [Specified
Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to
[specify][As per the Conditions][Not Applicable] 
Exchange Rate: 
[specify] 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day
Convention/Modified
Following
Business
Day
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]

--- Page 265 ---
- 249 - 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED NOTES
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][for the purposes of
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item
19(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (ix) – Range
Accrual" applies under item 19(vi)), 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
Base Currency: 
[specify][Not Applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]:
[insert]] 
Subject Currency/Currencies:
[specify][Not Applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]:
[insert]] [and EM Foreign Exchange Rate Provisions
apply to such Subject Currency] 
Additional Disruption Event: 
(Specify each of the following which applies)
[Change in Law][Hedging Disruption][Increased
Cost of Hedging] 
(Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging
should not be specified for Notes admitted to trading
on SeDeX Market or EuroTLX) 
[Trade Date means [specify]] 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the Notes.
[The Averaging Dates are [specify]][see paragraph [
] above] 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify Strike Period][Not Applicable][Specify the
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
Coupon Valuation Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Provisions applicable where EM
Foreign
Exchange
(FX)
Rate
Provisions
do
not
apply
to
a
Settlement Currency: 
[Applicable
[in
respect
of
[specify
Subject
Currencies to which these provisions apply where
there is a Basket]]][Not Applicable]

--- Page 266 ---
- 250 - 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject
Currency, complete as relevant for each such Subject
Currency) 
(a)
Delayed Redemption on the
Occurrence of a Disruption
Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(b)
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
(c)
Specified Maximum Days
of Disruption: 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be
equal to: [specify][five]][Not Applicable] 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will
be equal to five) 
(d)
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(e)
Valuation Time: 
[specify][As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked
Note Condition 6] 
(f)
Number of Postponement
Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days] [specify] 
Provisions applicable where EM
Foreign
Exchange
(FX)
Rate
Provisions apply: 
[Applicable
[in
respect
of
[specify
Subject
Currencies to which these provisions apply where
there is a Basket]]][Not Applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject
Currency, complete as relevant for each such Subject
Currency) 
(a)
Provisions
applicable
to
determining the Settlement
Price: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Price
in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note
Condition 6 [and [specify the relevant Subject
Currency where more than one Subject Currency]: 
EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
EM Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction: [specify] 
[Relevant Screen Page:] [specify] 
(b)
EM Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption]

--- Page 267 ---
- 251 - 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality, where: 
EM
Price
Materiality
Percentage:
[specify][3]% 
EM
Primary
Rate:
[specify][The
rate
determined as set out in the definition of
Settlement Price] 
EM Secondary Rate: [specify][[EM First
Fallback
Reference
Price
[and]][EM
Second Fallback Reference Price]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to
more than one such Subject Currency and different
EM Disruption Events (or components thereof) also
apply thereto) 
(c)
EM Disruption Fallbacks: 
[EM Calculation Agent Determination] 
[EM First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
First
Fallback
EM
FX
Price
Source:
[specify] 
First
Fallback
EM
Valuation
Time:
[specify] 
First Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days:
[specify]] 
[EM Second Fallback Reference Price,
where: 
Second Fallback EM FX Price Source:
[specify]

--- Page 268 ---
- 252 - 
Second
Fallback
EM
Valuation
Time:
[specify] 
Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement
Days: [specify]] 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to
more than one such Subject Currency and different
EM Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof)
also apply thereto) 
(d)
EM
Maximum
Days
of
Postponement: 
[specify] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to
more than one such Subject Currency and different
EM Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof)
also apply thereto) 
(e)
EM Cumulative Events: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable and EM Maximum
Cumulative Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to
more than one such Subject Currency and different
EM Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof)
also apply thereto) 
(f)
EM Number of Settlement
Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where Settlement Day
Centre(s) means [specify]] 
(g)
EM
Number
of
Postponement
Settlement
Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][EM Settlement
Days] [specify] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO REFERENCE [ITEM] RATE LINKED NOTES 
Reference
[Item]
Rate
Linked
Note
Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] [for the purposes of
[determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item
19(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (ix) – Range
Accrual" applies under item 19(vi))], [and][the
Automatic Early Redemption provisions] 
[The [Floating][Fixed] Rate Note Provisions shall
apply for the purposes of determining the Reference
Item Rate on the basis of elections in this paragraph]

--- Page 269 ---
- 253 - 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(If more than one Reference Item Rate or Reference
Rate is to be determined, include the following
language: "Reference Item Rate [specify] is as
follows:" and repeat items (i) to (vi) below for each
such Reference Item Rate) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a)
Reference [Item] Rate: 
[specify] 
(b)
Interest
Determination
Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
(e.g: Second Business Day on which the TARGET
System is open prior to the start of each Interest
Period if EURIBOR. Where the Rate of Interest is
being used other than for a Floating Rate Note,
ensure that this is not specified in respect of an
Interest Period and the relevant Range Accrual Day
may be specified where relevant for Range Accrual
Notes.) 
(c)
Relevant Time: 
[specify] 
(for example 11:00 a.m., London time/Brussels time,
in the case of a determination of EURIBOR)
(d)
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[specify][For example, London/Euro-zone (where
Euro-zone
means
the
region
comprising
the
countries whose lawful currency is the euro)][Not
Applicable] 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
(If
not
applicable,
delete
the
remaining
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a)
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify]

--- Page 270 ---
- 254 - 
(b)
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
(c)
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
[Reference Spread: 
[Reference Item Rate [1][2] minus Reference Item
Rate [1][2]][Not Applicable] 
[See paragraph [
][above][below] 
(If a Reference Spread applies for each Interest
Period, the Reference Spread shall be specified
separately for each Interest Period.)] 
Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[specify]
[See
paragraph
[specify][above][below][Not Applicable]
[Business Day][Scheduled Trading
Day]: 
As used in this item and for the purpose of
determining
the
Reference
Item
Rate
only,
"Business Day" means [a day on which commercial
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments
and are open for general business (including dealing
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in
[specify] [A TARGET Settlement Day][[a "U.S.
Government Securities Business Day", being any
day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which
the
Securities
Industry
and
Financial
Markets
Association recommends that the fixed income
departments of its members be closed for the entire
day for the purposes of trading in U.S. government
securities.] 
[Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
[Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes in
the limited circumstances specified in the Global
Note]] 
Additional Business Centres: 
[Not
Applicable]
[Insert
Additional
Business
Centres]
Additional Financial Centre for Condition
6(e) and other special provisions relating to
Business Days: 
[Not
Applicable]
[Insert
Additional
Financial
Centre] [Specify any additional provisions relating
to Business Days]

--- Page 271 ---
- 255 - 
(Note that this item relates to the date and place of
payment, and not Business Days) 
New Global Note Form: 
[Yes] [No]
Receipts to be attached to definitive Bearer
Notes: 
[Yes/No. If yes, insert dates][Not Applicable] 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: amount
of each instalment ("Instalment Amount"),
date on which each payment is to be made
("Instalment Date"): 
[Not Applicable] ["Instalment Amount" means
[insert
amount]
per
Calculation
Amount
and
"Instalment Date(s)" means [each of] [specify].
[For the avoidance of doubt, if any Instalment Date
falls on or about the due date for the redemption of
the Notes in full, the Instalment Amount will remain
payable on the relevant Instalment Date.]] 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable][The provisions [in Condition 12
(Further Issues)] apply] 
Calculation Agent: 
[specify] [Bankinter, S.A.] 
Commissioner: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Modifications: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in these Pricing Supplement.
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to
ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By:  
____________________________ 
By: 
____________________________ 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
By: 
____________________________ 
By: 
____________________________ 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 272 ---
- 256 - 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING  
(i)
Listing: 
[Insert Listing/None] 
(ii)
Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made]
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be
admitted to listing on [specify market – note this must
not be a regulated market] with effect from [
]] [Not Applicable.] [Delete as applicable] 
(iii)
[Estimate of total expenses related to
admission to trading: 
[
]] 
2.
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to
be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of
the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)] [The
Notes are not rated] [Delete as applicable] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the
Programme generally or, where the issue has been
specifically rated, that rating.)
3.
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer,
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the
following statement: 
"Save as discussed in ["Plan of Distribution"] [and] "General Information", so far as the Issuer is aware,
no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] 
4.
Use of Proceeds 
[The net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes will be used as described in "Use of Proceeds" in the
Base Prospectus] (Insert if applicable) 
5.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[
] 
Common Code: 
[
] 
CUSIP Code: 
[
] 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the
website of the Association of National Numbering
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the

--- Page 273 ---
- 257 - 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the
website of the Association of National Numbering
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names
and
addresses
of
initial
Paying
Agent(s) (if any): 
[
] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying
Agent(s) (if any): 
[
] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life.
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been
met.]
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria
have been met.] 
6.
DISTRIBUTION 
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii)
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/ give names]

--- Page 274 ---
- 258 - 
(iii)
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iv)
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[
] 
(v)
US Selling Restrictions 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; [TEFRA C/
TEFRA not applicable]] 
(vi)
Additional Selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(vii)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail
Investors: 
[Applicable[, other than with respect to offers or sales
of the Notes, or the Notes otherwise being made
available, in [specify jurisdiction(s) for which a PRIIPs
KID is being prepared] [during the period[s] [
]-
[
] [repeat periods as necessary]]/Not Applicable] 
(viii)
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail
Investors: 
[Applicable[, other than with respect to offers or sales
of the Notes, or the Notes otherwise being made
available, in the United Kingdom, during the period[s]
[ ]-[ ] [repeat periods as necessary]]/Not Applicable] 
7.
U.S. TAX CONSIDERATIONS  
The Notes are [not] Specified Notes for purposes of
Section 871(m).] [Based on market conditions on the
date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has made a
preliminary determination that the Notes are [not]
Specified Notes for purposes of Section 871(m). This
is a preliminary determination only that is subject to
change based on market conditions on the Issue Date.
If the Issuer's final determination is different then it
will give notice of such determination.] [Please contact
[give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact] for
further
information
regarding
the
application
of
Section 871(m) to the Notes.] (The Notes will not be
Specified Securities if they (i) are issued prior to
January 1, 2025 and are not "delta-one" for U.S. tax
purposes or (ii) do not reference any U.S. equity or any
index that contains any component U.S. equity or
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S.
equities. If the Notes reference a U.S. equity or an
index that contains a component U.S. equity or
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S.
equities and (i) are issued prior to January 1, 2025 and
provide a return that does not differ significantly from
the return on an investment in the underlying, or (ii)
are issued on or after January 1, 2025, further analysis
would be required.)
8.
[SOFR 
Include where the Notes reference SOFR: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal Reserve Bank of
New York. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, endorse or recommend any
products or services offered by the Issuer.]

--- Page 275 ---
- 259 - 
FORM OF NOTES 
General 
Unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Notes shall be represented by one or more
Notes in global form.
Bearer Notes shall be represented by a global Note in bearer form without Coupons (a "Global Note"), which
shall be deposited (a) in the case of a global Note which is not intended to be issued in new global note form (a
"Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, with or on behalf
of a common depositary located outside the United States for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (b) in
the case of a global Note which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New Global Note" or
"NGN"), as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, with a common safekeeper for Euroclear
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the limited circumstances described below or as otherwise set forth
in the Applicable Transaction Terms, owners of beneficial interests in the Global Notes shall not be entitled to
receive Notes in definitive form. For details of how Notes may be transferred see "Terms and Conditions of the
Notes—Condition 2 (Form, Denomination and Title)". 
In the United States securities market, the presumption is that settlement of all trades of Notes will occur on the
basis of the trade date plus two business days. 
Bearer Notes will be issued in the form of a Global Note, without Coupons, in an aggregate principal amount
equal to the principal amount of the Notes of such Series, which shall be exchangeable as described below. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in New Global Note form, the Applicable Transaction
Terms will also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes
of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life as such recognition
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for NGNs will either be
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approval by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes shall initially be issued in the form of a Global Note, which shall be exchangeable, (i) in whole but
not in part, directly for definitive Bearer Notes, with or without Coupons attached, which shall in turn be
exchangeable at the option of the Noteholder for interests in a Certificate of such Series or (ii) directly for interests
in a Certificate. Purchasers in the United States (including its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to
its jurisdiction) will not be able to receive Bearer Notes. 
The Principal Paying Agent shall deliver each Global Note executed and authenticated: (1) in the case of a Classic
Global Note, to the common depositary; or (2) in the case of an NGN, to the common safekeeper in each case for
the benefit of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for credit against payment in immediately available funds
on the date of settlement to the respective accounts of the holders of the Notes of the Series represented by such
Global Note. 
The bearer of a Global Note will be considered the sole owner and holder of the Notes represented by such Global
Note for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and such Notes. Owners of beneficial interests in a Global
Note will not be considered the owners or holders of such Global Note (or any Notes represented thereby) under
the Agency Agreement or the Notes. In addition, no beneficial owner of an interest in a Global Note will be able
to transfer that interest except in accordance with applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream,
Luxembourg (in addition to those under the Agency Agreement referred to herein). 
Payments of the principal of and any premium, interest and other amounts on any Global Note will be made to
the bearer thereof. Neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any Paying Agent will have any responsibility or liability
for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in a Global
Note or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
The Issuer expects that each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, upon receipt of any such payment in
respect of a Global Note held by a common depositary or its nominee or by a common safekeeper, will

--- Page 276 ---
- 260 - 
immediately credit participants' accounts with payments in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial
interests in the principal amount of such Global Note as shown on the records of Euroclear or Clearstream,
Luxembourg, as the case may be. The Issuer also expects that payments by participants to owners of beneficial
interests in a Global Note held through such participants will be governed by standing instructions and customary
practices, as is now the case with securities held for the accounts of customers registered in the names of nominees
for such customers. Such payments will be the responsibility of such participants. 
If the Applicable Transaction Terms specifies that a Global Note becomes exchangeable for definitive Bearer
Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of definitive Bearer Notes (or, as
described below, Certificates) to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting
exchange. 
Any definitive Bearer Note delivered in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Global Note shall bear substantially
the same legends as are set forth on the face of the Global Note for which it was exchanged. No Bearer Note may
be delivered nor may any interest be paid on any Bearer Note until the person entitled to receive such Bearer Note
or such interest furnishes the certifications required by United States Treasury Regulations referred to above. 
If an Event of Default occurs in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, the bearer of the Global Note may
from time to time elect that Direct Rights under the provisions of (and as defined in) Condition 14 of the Terms
and Conditions and, the Global Note, shall come into effect in respect of a nominal amount of Notes in respect of
which the event set out above has occurred. Such election shall be made by notice to the Issue and Paying Agent
and presentation of this Global Note to or to the order of the Issue and Paying Agent. Upon each such notice being
given, this Global Note shall become void to the extent of the nominal amount stated in such notice, save to the
extent that the appropriate Direct Rights shall fail to take effect, for whatever reason. 
Modifications to the Conditions of Notes represented by Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global
Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 13 (Notices), while any Notes are represented by a Global Note deposited
with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other
relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case,
such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) on
the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system
except that for so long as such Notes are listed on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, notices will also be
published in a manner which complies with its rules.
In relation to the Global Note only: 
Exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 5(e) (Redemption at
the Option of the Issuer (Call) and Exercise of Issuer's Options) in respect of some but not all of the Notes, the
Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the
Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will be selected in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear,
Clearstream, Luxembourg (this shall be recorded in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as
either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion) or any other clearing system (as the case
may be). 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 5(g) (Redemption at the Option of
Noteholders and holders' Exercise of Noteholder's Options) the Global Note must, within the time limits relating
to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent
substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent stating the principal amount of Notes in
respect of which the option is exercised and at the same time presenting the Global Note to the Principal Paying
Agent, or to a Paying Agent for notation. Any such notice shall be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
The following legend will appear on all Global Notes and definitive Bearer Notes and any related Coupons relating
to such Notes:

--- Page 277 ---
- 261 - 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income
tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code."
The sections referred to in the above legend provide that a United States taxpayer, with certain exceptions, will
not be permitted to deduct any loss, and will not be eligible for capital gains treatment with respect to any gain
realised on any sale, exchange or redemption of Bearer Notes or any related Coupons.
Notwithstanding any other provision herein, Bearer Notes with maturities of one year or less may be issued.

--- Page 278 ---
- 262 - 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS  
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States,
and trading in Notes has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC")
under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "CEA"), or by the U.S. Securities Exchange
Commission (the "SEC"). No Notes, or interests therein, may at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged,
exercised, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the
account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined herein) or to others for offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, exercise,
redemption, transfer or delivery, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit
of, any U.S. person (as defined herein).
An offer or sale of Notes, or interests therein, directly or indirectly, within the United States, or for the account or
benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined herein) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act and/or
the securities laws of U.S. states or territories. In addition, in the absence of relief from the CFTC, offers, sales,
resales, trades, pledges, exercises, redemptions, transfers or deliveries of Notes, or interests therein, directly or
indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, may constitute a violation of
United States law governing commodities trading. 
An offer, transfer, trade, pledge, exercise, redemption or sale of Notes, or interests therein, directly or indirectly,
within the United States, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined herein) which violates the
registration requirements of the Securities Act and/or the securities laws of U.S. states or territories or United
States law governing commodities trading will not be recognised. Further, prior to a redemption of Notes by way
of physical delivery, the holder may be required to represent that (i) it is not a U.S. person, (ii) the Notes are not
redeemed on behalf of a U.S. person, and (iii) no assets will be delivered within the U.S. or to or for the account
or benefit of a U.S. person. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any copy hereof may be distributed in the United States or to any U.S. person
(as defined herein) or in any other jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with the
applicable laws thereof. This Document may not be reproduced either in whole or in part, without the written
permission of the Issuer. 
As used herein, "U.S. person" means a person that is one or more of the following: (a) a U.S. person as defined
in Regulation S of the Securities Act or (b) a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the
purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended, or any rule, guidance or order proposed or issued
by the CFTC thereunder (including but not limited to any person who is not a "Non-United States person" under
CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) (excluding for purposes of CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv)(D) the exception for qualified
eligible persons who are not "Non-United States persons")).

--- Page 279 ---
- 263 - 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
The Issuer plans to optimise its debt management and sustain and promote the presence of the Group in markets
that trade structured notes as an active and solvent participant. An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue
of each Tranche of Notes will be used:
(a)
to hedge the risks of the Issuer relating to Reference Item Linked Notes; or
(b)
to finance, refinance or invest in, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects meeting the Eligibility
Criteria, in which case the relevant Notes will be identified as "Green Bonds" in the applicable Final
Terms ("Green Bonds"). 
For the purposes of this section: 
"Bankinter Green Bond Framework" means the latest Green Bond Framework published by Bankinter and
available
for
viewing
on
Bankinter's
website
(https://www.bankinter.com/webcorporativa/en/corporate-
information/sustainable-banking/environmental-dimension) (including as amended, supplemented, restated or
otherwise updated on such website from time to time). 
"Eligibility Criteria" means the criteria prepared by the Bank, as set out in the Bankinter Green Bond
Framework.
"Eligible Green Projects" means the eligible green assets financed or refinanced as further described in the
Bankinter Green Bond Framework.
"ICMA" means the International Capital Markets Association. 
"ICMA Green Bond Principles" means the Green Bond Principles published by ICMA, as updated from time
to time. 
The current Bankinter Green Bond Framework dated July 2021 has been developed in line with the ICMA Green
Bond Principles and their four core components: (i) use of proceeds; (ii) process for project evaluation and
selection; (iii) management of proceeds; and (iv) reporting. This alignment has been ratified by an independent
second party opinion (the "Second Party Opinion") provided by Sustainalytics. The Bankinter Green Bond
Framework
and
the
Second
Party
Opinion
are
available
for
viewing
on
Bankinter’s
website
(https://www.bankinter.com/webcorporativa/en/corporate-information/sustainable-banking/environmental-
dimension).
An outline of the Bankinter Green Bond Framework’s compliance with the four core components of the ICMA
Green Bond Principles is set out below. For further information, information should refer to the Bankinter Green
Bond Framework. 
1. Use of proceeds
The Issuer intends to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an issue of Green Bonds specifically to
finance an eligible portfolio comprised of: 
(a)
new green loans, defined as loans that have been disbursed after or up to twelve months before any Green
Bond issuance; and 
(b)
existing green loans, defined as loans whose date of first drawdown is between one and three years before
any Green Bond issuance. 
The new and existing green loans in the eligible portfolio will finance or refinance, in whole or in part, assets
which support the transition to low carbon intensity and a sustainable economy. To this effect, the sectors
identified and considered eligible by Bankinter are the following: 
(a)
Renewable Energy: The acquisition, development, operation and maintenance of new and ongoing
renewable energy activities such as solar, photovoltaic, thermosolar and wind energy, among others.

--- Page 280 ---
- 264 - 
(b)
Green Buildings: The development or acquisition of new or existing residential, public and commercial
buildings which meet regional, national or internationally recognised regulations, standards or
certifications, subject to certain technical criteria outlined in the Bakninter Green Bond Framework. 
The environmental objective of these two categories of Eligible Green Projects is to mitigate climate change and
to adapt to climate change in accordance Sustainable Development Goal (the "SDG") 7 of the United Nations.
2. Process for project evaluation and selection
Bankinter’s investment banking and commercial departments, which will preselect and present the potential
Eligible Green Projects to the green bond committee of Bankinter (the "Green Bond Committee"). This
Committee is headed by Head of Funding & ALM, together with the Head of Sustainability, Head of Project
Finance, Head of Funding, Head of Investor Relation, Head of Product Department, Head of Risk Department
and a member of the Treasury Coordination Desk. 
The Green Bond Committee will (i) review the renewable energy projects and green building loans to determine
their compliance with the use of proceeds categories under the Bankinter Green Bond Framework and confirm
the environmental benefits of those assets; (ii) monitor the allocation of the net proceeds of the Green Bonds; (iii)
maintain and update the Bankinter Green Bond Framework; and (iv) prepare the Green Bond Report (as defined
below).
The conclusions of the Green Bond Committee will be reviewed by the Sustainability and Corporate Governance
Committee of Bankinter, which will determine the overall contribution of the Eligible Green Projects to
sustainability and its compliance and alignment with the relevant SDGs.
3. Management of proceeds
Bankinter will allocate the net proceeds of the Green Bonds to a portfolio composed of loans that, complying with
the established criteria, have been selected by the Green Bond Committee.
This pool of loans will be tracked on a regular basis by Bankinter´s Green Bond Committee and a register will be
maintained by the Treasury team. Bankinter will ensure that the value of portfolio assets matches the total value
of the Green Bond issued.
If for any reason the proceeds could not be allocated in full to loans complying with the established criteria, the
balance of the net proceeds will be invested in green bonds of European issuers that are in line with Bankinter’s
investment guidelines.
4. Reporting 
Bankinter will publish a yearly report (the "Green Bond Report") which will describe the use of proceeds and
adherence to the terms set out in the Bankinter Green Bond Framework. The report will include details of (i) the
total outstanding amount of Green Bonds, (ii) the total allocation of amounts equal to the net proceeds from Green
Bonds to each green loan category, (iii) if possible, additional information about the Eligible Green Projects,
(iv)the share of proceeds used for new financing and refinancing of Eligible Green Projects, (v) performance
reporting in order to disclose the positive environmental impact of the Eligible Green Projects, based on the
performance of Bankinter’s share of the total investment for financing each Eligible Green Project and (vi) when
available, an aggregation per project or loan entity of the indicative key performance indicators ("KPI") listed in
the table below:

--- Page 281 ---
- 265 - 
Green loan Category 
KPI 
Renewable Energy 

Renewable energy generation (MWh per year)

Installed renewable energy capacity (MW)

Greenhouse Gases (GHG) savings (tonnes per year)
Green and energy efficient buildings.

Environmental certification of Energy Performance
Certificate (EPC) (as applicable)

Reduction in energy use (MWh per year)

GHG savings (tonnes per year) 
External Review 
Bankinter may request that an external auditor issue, on an annual basis until maturity of the relevant Green Bonds,
a limited assurance report confirming that an amount equal to the Green Bonds’ net proceeds has been allocated
to eligible loans. 
Furthermore, investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Notes issued as
"Green Bonds" as described in "Use of Proceeds", may not meet investor expectations or be suitable for an
investor’s investment criteria".
The Bankinter Green Bond Framework may be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated,
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given
in this Base Prospectus. Recognising that the green bond market and best practices are still evolving, the Issuer
and/or the Guarantor will strive to monitor market developments and, when deemed necessary in Bankinter’s sole
discretion, make appropriate updates to the Bankinter Green Bond Framework in order to reflect best market
practices. 
Neither the Bankinter Green Bond Framework, nor the Second Party Opinion nor any of the above reports or
contents of the above websites are incorporated in or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 282 ---
- 266 - 
BANKINTER INTERNATIONAL NOTES S.À R.L.  
The legal name of the Issuer is Bankinter International Notes S.à r.l., a private limited liability company (société
à responsabilité limitée) incorporated on 22 December 2021 in Luxembourg under the law dated 10 August 1915
on commercial companies, as amended (the "Companies Act"), for an unlimited duration and registered with the
Luxembourg trade and companies register (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number
B262854. Bankinter International Notes S.à r.l. is a subsidiary of Bankinter, S.A. 
The Registered Office of the Issuer is at 46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg, telephone number: +91 339 7810. 
The authorised share capital of the Issuer is EUR 3,012,000 (three million and twelve thousand euros) divided
into 12,000 (twelve thousand) ordinary shares with a par vaule of EUR 251 (two hundred fifty-one euros) each,
all fully subscribed and paid up and all conferring the same voting and dividends rights. 
The Issuer complies with the corporate governance regime(s) in Luxembourg. 
Major Shareholders 
The total shares of the Issuer are held by the Guarantor. The Issuer complies with the relevant statutory provisions
and safeguards which regulate the relationship between a company and its major shareholder in order to prevent
an abuse of control by a major shareholder. 
Business 
The principal objects of the Issuer are set forth in Article 4 of its articles of association and are to carry out all
transactions pertaining directly or indirectly to the acquisition of participations in Luxembourg and foreign
companies, in any form whatsoever, and the administration, management, control and development of those
participations. 
Among others, the Issuer may issue notes, bonds (including exchangeable or convertible securities and securities
linked to an index or a basket of indices or shares), debentures, certificates, shares, beneficiary shares or parts (the
rights and obligations of which are determined in the relevant issue document), warrants and any kind of debt or
equity securities or any other types of financial instruments, including under one or more issue programmes. 
Financial instruments issued by the Issuer are quoted on Euronext Dublin. 
Board of Managers 
The composition of the Board of Managers of the Issuer is the following:
Name 
Principal 
Occupation 
Other Activities 
Ms. Patricia Galán Madrid 
Manager 
General Director of Bankinter Luxembourg
Mr. Adolfo Gutiérrez González 
Manager 
I.T. Director of Bankinter Luxembourg 
Mr. Álvaro Martínez Martínez 
Manager 
Finance
and
Risk
Manager
of
Bankinter
Luxembourg 
Ms. Marta de Miguel Silva 
Manager 
Director of Bankinter Network Distribution, S.A.
The business address of the Manager of the Issuer is Paseo de la Castellana, 29, 28046 in Madrid and 46A, avenue
J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 in Luxembourg.

--- Page 283 ---
- 267 - 
Ms. Marta de Miguel Silva is the chairwoman of the Board of Managers of the Issuer. The appointment of the
administrator may be terminated and the administrator may retire upon 90 days' written notice subject to the
appointment of an alternative administrator. 
The Issuer has established a bank account with the Guarantor. 
Principal Markets 
As the Issuer's primary role is to support the Group by issuing financial instruments, the Issuer is not in direct
competition with any other entities and as such there is currently no information to disclose in respect of its
competitive position. 
Conflicts of Interest 
There exist no conflicts of interest between the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer
and there exist no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the issuing entity of any members of such
administrative, management or supervisory bodies and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Audit Committee 
The Issuer does not have its own audit committee. No audit committee is required at the level of the Issuer pursuant
to Article 52(5)(a) of the Luxembourg law of 23 July 2016 concerning the audit profession. 
Approved Statutory Auditor (Réviseur d'entreprises agréé) and financial year  
The Issuer's approved statutory auditor (réviseur d'enterprises agréé) is PricewaterhouseCoopers Société
coopérative. PricewaterhouseCoopers Société coopérative is a member of the Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises. 
The Issuer's fiscal year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December each year, except for the first fiscal year that
started on the date of incorporation of the Issuer (that is, 22 December 2021) and ended on 31 December 2022.

--- Page 284 ---
- 268 - 
BANKINTER, S.A. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR
INFORMATION TO BE DISCLOSED ABOUT THE GUARANTOR 
The guarantor must disclose information about itself as if it were the issuer of that same type of security that is
the subject of the guarantee. 
1.
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE 
1.1
All persons responsible for the information given in this Base Prospectus relating to the guarantor 
and, as the case may be, for certain parts of it, with, in the latter case, an indication of such parts. In 
the case of natural persons including members of the issuer's administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies indicate the name and function of the person; in case of legal persons indicate the 
name and registered office. 
Bankinter, S.A. ("Bankinter", the "Guarantor", the "Bank", "we" (and references to "us" or "our" 
shall be construed accordingly) or the "Parent") accepts responsibility for the information contained in
this Base Prospectus relating to the Guarantor. 
Bankinter, S.A. is the Guarantor under this Base Prospectus and assumes responsibility for the guarantee. 
1.2
A declaration by those responsible for this Base Prospectus that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus relating to the guarantor is, to the best of their knowledge, in accordance with the facts 
and contains no omission likely to affect its import. As the case may be, declaration by those 
responsible for certain parts of this Base Prospectus that the information contained in the part of this 
Base Prospectus for which they are responsible is, to the best of their knowledge, in accordance with 
the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
The Bank confirms that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge,
in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
1.3
Where information has been sourced from a third party, provide a confirmation that this information 
has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the guarantor is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. In addition, the guarantor shall identify the 
source(s) of the information. 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from a third party: (i) such information has
been accurately reproduced; (ii) as far as we are aware and are able to ascertain from the information
published by such third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information
inaccurate or misleading; and (iii) the source of such information has been identified. 
2.
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
2.1
Names and addresses of the guarantor's auditors for the period covered by the historical financial 
information (together with their membership in a professional body). 
The non-consolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of Bankinter for the years ended 31
December
2023
and
31
December
2022
were
audited
by
the
independent
auditors,
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. is registered under
number S-0242 in the Official Register of Auditors (Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas).
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. is a member of the Instituto de Censores Jurados de Cuentas
de España. The address of PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. is Torre PwC, Paseo de la Castellana,
259B, Torre PwC, Madrid.

--- Page 285 ---
- 269 - 
3.
RISK FACTORS 
3.1
A description of the material risks that are specific to the guarantor and that may affect the guarantor's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the securities, in a limited number of categories, in a section 
headed "Risk Factors" in the Base Prospectus. 
See "Risk Factors" on pages 9 to 42 of this Base Prospectus. 
4.
INFORMATION ABOUT THE GUARANTOR  
4.1
History and development of the guarantor. 
4.1.1
Legal and trading name of the guarantor.
The name of the Bank is Bankinter, S.A. and it operates under the trading name "Bankinter". 
4.1.2
The place of registration of the guarantor, its registration number and legal entity identifier (LEI).
The Bank is registered in the Mercantile Registry of Madrid, tomo 1,857, general 1,258 of section 3 of
the Companies Register, folio 220, sheet 9,643, entry 1ª dated 8 July 1965. Its tax ID number is A-
28/157360. 
The Guarantor is a Spanish company with legal status as a public limited company (sociedad anónima),
with the status of a bank and is governed by the Restated Spanish Companies Act (Texto Refundido de
la Ley de Sociedades de Capital), approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2010, of 2 July (Real Decreto
Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de
Capital). The Guarantor is subject to special legislation for credit entities in general, the supervision,
control and regulation of the ECB and, as a listed company, the CNMV and, as a credit entity, to Law
10/2014, of 26 June, on the regulation, supervision and solvency of credit entities (Ley 10/2014, de 26
de junio, de ordenación, supervision y solvencia de entidades de crédito) ("Law 10/2014") and Royal
Decree 84/2015. 
The current Bylaws, which have been adapted to the current Ley de Sociedades de Capital, were
approved by the shareholders at its General Shareholders' Meeting. However, Articles 24 and 36 of such
Bylaws, which relates to the composition of the Board of Directors and the Sustainability and Corporate
Governance Committee, respectively, were last amended on 23 March 2022.
The Guarantor's legal entity identifier is VWMYAEQSTOPNV0SUGU82.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor has a total share capital which is fully issued and
paid up of EUR 269,659,846.20 divided into 898,866,154 shares with a nominal value of EUR 0.30. All
shares are of the same class and issue with the same rights attached. 
The Bank is also registered in the Special Register of Banks and Bankers with number 30 and belongs to
the Deposit Guarantee Fund with code number 0128. 
4.1.3
The date of incorporation and the length of life of the guarantor, except where indefinite.
The Bank was founded in the city of Madrid by notarised document executed on 4 June 1965 as a Spanish
industrial bank following a joint venture by Banco de Santander and Bank of America under the name
"Banco Intercontinental Español, S.A." before Mr. Alejandro Bérgamo Llabrés, that was recorded with
the Mercantile Registry of Madrid on 8 July, 1965, and commenced trading in 1973.

--- Page 286 ---
- 270 - 
4.1.4
The domicile and legal form of the guarantor, the legislation under which the guarantor operates, its 
country of incorporation, the address and telephone number of its registered office (or principal place 
of business if different from its registered office) and the website of the guarantor (if any).
The Bank is domiciled in Spain and has the legal form of a public limited liability company (Sociedad
Anónima) and its activities are subject to special Spanish legislation governing credit institutions in
general and the supervision, control and regulation of the Bank of Spain in particular. 
The Bank was incorporated in Spain and has its registered office at Paseo de la Castellana 29, 28046
Madrid where the Bank has the principal operating headquarters. The telephone number of the principal
operating headquarters of the Bank is + 34 91 339 7500. The Bank's website can be found at:
www.bankinter.com. 
4.1.5
Details of any recent events particular to the guarantor which are to a material extent relevant to the 
evaluation of the guarantor's solvency.
There are no relevant recent events. 
Principal Capital Expenditures and Divestitures 
Acquisitions, Dispositions, Reorganisations  
Capital Increases 
There have no been capital increases of the Bank since 30 March 2014. 
Other Material Events  
The most significant transactions taking place during 2023 and 2024: 
In February 2023, Bankinter issued perpetual non-cumulative contingent convertible additional tier 1
preferred securities for the purposes of capital adequacy regulations in the amount of 300 million euros
with a call redemption option after five and a half years, on 15 August 2028. The interest rate on this
issue is 7.375% fixed per annum until the first reset date on 15 February 2029. 
In April 2024, the Boards of Directors of Bankinter, Bankinter Consumer Finance and Avantcard, wholly
owned subsidiaries of Bankinter, agreed to carry out a merger by absorption of Avantcard by Bankinter
and the creation of a new branch in Ireland. Pursuant to this agreement, Bankinter will acquire the entire
share capital of Avantcard from Bankinter Consumer Finance. Upon this acquisition, Bankinter will
absorb Avantcard and establish a new branch in Ireland, which will continue with the business activities
currently undertaken by Avantcard. 
In June 2024, the Boards of Directors of Bankinter and EVO Banco, a wholly owned subsidiary of
Bankinter, agreed to carry out a merger by absorption, thereby integrating EVO Banco into the Bankinter
structure, improving the profitability and efficiency of the Group. The purpose of the merger is to
maximize the synergies between both entities and thereby enhance the Group's digital transformation.
This merger will entail the integration of the clients, business, and employees of EVO Banco under the
Bankinter structure. The merger process is expected to be completed, once the relevant regulatory
approvals have been obtained, in the first half of 2025.

--- Page 287 ---
- 271 - 
Credit Rating  
4.1.6
Credit ratings assigned to the guarantor at the request or with the cooperation of the guarantor in the 
rating process. A brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider
Agency
Date
Long Term
Short Term
Outlook
DBRS
12/07/2023
A
R-1 (low)
Stable
Moodys
19/03/2024
A2
P-1
Stable
S&P Global ratings
25/11/2022
A-
A-2
Stable
4.1.7
Information on the material changes in the guarantor's borrowing and funding structure since the 
last financial year
Since the date of the latest audited financial statements of the Guarantor incorporated by reference in this
Base Prospectus, there have been no material changes in the Bank's borrowing and funding structure. 
4.1.8
Description of the expected financing of the guarantor's activities 
As at 31 December 2024, Bankinter had almost EUR 21,260 million in LCR -HQLA, divided into cash
and accounts in central banks (EUR 11,546 million), fixed income issued by treasuries and public
administrations (EUR 7,075 million), high-quality mortgage bonds (EUR 2,425 million), HQLA assets
other than level 1 (EUR 212 million) (amounts at liquidity value according to LCR regulations). The
central bank facility, net of HQLA, contained EUR 8,214 million. In addition, the covered bond issuing
capacity as at 31 December 2024 was of EUR 7,618 million.
5.
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1
Principal activities. 
5.1.1
(a) 
A brief description of the guarantor's principal activities stating the main categories of 
products sold and/or services performed. 
Financial information by segment 
Description of segments 
The supreme authority when it comes to operational decision-making is the management committee of Bankinter.
The main segments into which the Bank organises its business activities are described below:

Commercial retail banking encompasses the following, due to the similarity of the nature of the products
and services offered, the type of customers targeted and the distribution methods:
o
Private Banking: a line of business specialising in integrated asset and investment advisory and
management services. It comprises customers with financial assets held with and outside
Bankinter in excess of EUR 1,000,000.
o
Retail Banking: this business line focuses on customers not included in Private Banking and
who have: 

Household income in excess of EUR 70,000.

--- Page 288 ---
- 272 - 

Funds, securities and brokerage of between EUR 75,000 and EUR 1,000,000.

Financial assets held with or outside Bankinter of between EUR 75,000 and EUR
1,000,000. 
o
Personal Banking: includes the products and services offered to domestic economies. It
comprises individuals not covered by the Private Banking or Personal Banking business lines. 
o
Foreigners: this business line includes the products and services offered to non-Spanish
European customers located in Catalonia, Eastern Spain-Balearic Islands, Andalusia, and
Canary Islands.

Corporate and SME Banking: offers specialised services aimed at large enterprises, the public sector,
and medium and small enterprises. Because of the similar nature of the products and services offered,
the category of target customers and the distribution methods, this segment encompasses all of the Bank's
activity with companies.

Consumer finance: encompasses the consumer finance business managed mainly by Bankinter Consumer
Finance, E.F.C., S.A., in the form of credit cards and consumer loans. Customers in this segment may be
either exclusive or shared with the Commercial Retail Banking segment.

Insurance Services: Bankinter's insurance business comprises its subsidiary Bankinter Hogar y Auto,
S.A. de Seguros y Reaseguros, which was incorporated in 2021 as part of the reorganisation of Bankinter
Group's insurance businesses.

Bankinter Portugal: Bankinter operates in Portugal through the Individual Retail Banking, Private
Banking and Corporate Banking businesses, which were acquired from Barclays on 1 April 2016. 

Bankinter Ireland: Bankinter operates in Ireland with the consumer and mortgage business. 

Other Businesses comprises the following segments: 
o
The Financial Margin and the Result on financial operations generated by the Institutional
Portfolio.
o
Differences between the analytical accounting records and the general accounting records.
o
The activity of EVO Banco (acquired in 2019 and currently undergoing a process of integration
with Bankinter).
The net interest income of the different segments is calculated by applying both the corresponding interest income
and expenses as well as the funding cost —meaning the profitability or return offered by the debt issued, which
is applied to cover the customer funding gap— to their assets and liabilities. The fees charged or paid are assigned
directly to the segments that generate them. The same process is adopted for distributing Other operating
income/expenses, which includes items such as the Deposit Guarantee Fund. Gross operating income is the result
of the aggregation of the above items. 
Transformation costs include staff costs plus other administrative expenses and depreciation and amortisation
expenses, which are distributed between segments. 
Costs incurred in the acquisition of assets include the total cost incurred during the financial year to acquire assets
for the segment whose duration is expected to exceed one year. 
Financial Overview   
Income and Expenses 
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 
variation

--- Page 289 ---
- 273 - 
Thousand Euros 
31/12/2024*
31/12/2023 amount 
    %
Balance sheet 
Total assets
121,971,823
113,011,642
8,960,181
7.93
Credit facilities and loans
80,097,229
76,885,717
3,211,513
4.18
Total customer funds
153,754,731
132,685,774
17,805,512
13.10
On-balance sheet
96,069,058
88,748,752
7,320,306
8.25
Retail funding excl. repos
83,023,270
81,574,765
1,448,505
1.78
Marketable debt securities
11,370,153
5,852,291
5,517,862
94.29
Off-balance sheet managed funds
57,685,673
43,937,022
10,485,206
22.21
Results 
Net interest income
2,278,408
2,213,500
64,909
2.93
Gross operating income
2,901,477
2,660,543
240,934
2.93
Pre-provision profit
1,847,755
1,667,165
180,590
10.83
Profit before taxes
1,359,699
1,228,840
130,858
10.65
Net attributable income
952,971
844,787
108,184
12.81
Ratios 
Nonperforming loans/total risk exposure %
2.11%
2.11%
0.00%
0.10
Recorded allowance/nonperforming loans %
68.84%
64.69%
4.15%
6.42
Cost to income %
36.32%
37.34%
(1.02)%
(2.73)
ROE* %
17.88%
17.10%
0.78%
4.56
ROTE* %
18.99%
18.15%
0.84%
4.63
RORWA* %
2.29%
2.30%
0.08%
3.62
ROA* %
0.85%
0.80%
0.05%
6.25
CET1 FL%
12.41%
12.30%
0.11%
0.91
* Non Audited 
The Group reported a 10.7% increase in profit before tax in 2024 to EUR 1,360 million. Net profit was 12.8%
higher at EUR 953 million, despite the impact of the new tax on the financial sector, which for Bankinter amounted
to EUR 95 million.
ROE (return on equity) ended the year 2024 at 17.88%, compared to 17.10% at year-end 2023. ROTE (return on
tangible equity) was 18.99% in 2024.
All account margins grew from the year before on the back of favourable interest-rate trends and increased
commercial activity, which fed through to higher volumes, especially in lending. 
Net interest income rose 2.9% from 2023 to EUR 2,278 million in 2024. Gross operating income reached EUR
2,901,477 million in 2024, up 9.06% from 2023. 
Turning to solvency, the CET1 fully-loaded capital ratio increased to 12.41%, well above of the ECB's 8.01%
minimum requirement for Bankinter for the financial year 2025. 
The NPL ratio for year 2024 remains at 2.11 %, similar to the year 2023. In the specific case of Spain, the NPL
ratio rose to 2.4%, although this is well below the average figure for the sector, which according to the Bank of
Spain stood at 3.4% in November 2024. NPL coverage ratio at year-end 2024 stood at 68.8%.
In terms of liquidity, the situation improves from a deposit/loan ratio of 106% at the end of 2023 to a 94.7% at
the end of 2024.
Balance sheet 
BALANCE SHEET  
variation 
Thousand Euros 
31/12/2024*
31/12/2023
amount 
    %

--- Page 290 ---
- 274 - 
ASSETS 
Cash on hand and on deposits at central banks
15,417,808
13,859,595
1,558,213
11.24
Financial assets held for trading
3,372,005
4,505,254
(1,133,250)
(25.15)
Financial assets at fair value through other
comprehensive income
918,429
1,232,595
(314,166)
(25.49)
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair
value through profit or loss
281,391
178,109
103,282
57.99
Credits & Loans
99,383,287
90,836,049
8,547,238
9.41
Debt securities
14,226,418
10,577,989
3,648,429
34.49
Loans & advances
85,156,869
80,258,060
4,898,809
6.10
To credit institutions
8,096,539
6,059,036
2,037,503
33.63
Customer loans
77,060,329
74,199,024
2,861,306
3.86
Derivatives – Hedge accounting
524,645
475,612
49,033
10.31
Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and
associates
244,605
235,499
9,106
3.87
Tangible assets
446,639
426,763
19,876
4.66
Intangible assets
320,446
302,018
18,428
6.10
Tax assets and others
898,045
776,168
121,877
15.70
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified
as held for sale
164,523
183,978
(19,455)
(10.57)
Total Assets 
121,971,823
113,011,642
8,960,181
7.93
LIABILITIES 
Financial liabilities held for trading
3,419,667
3,895,791
(476,123)
(12.22)
Financial liabilities at amortized costs
110,942,549
102,070,062
8,872,487
8.69
Deposits
99,471,397
90,584,931
8,886,466
9.81
from central banks
0
1,323,987
(1,323,987)
(100)
from credit institutions
13,162,693
10,272,080
2,890,613
28.14
Customer deposits
86,308,705
78,988,864
7,319,840
9.27
Debt securities issued
8,975,934
8,546,380
429,553
5.03
Other financial liabilities
2,495,218
2,938,750
(443,532)
(15.09)
Derivatives – Hedge accounting
480,654
506,505
(25,851)
(5.10)
Provisions
333,840
346,190
(12,350)
(3.57)
Tax liabilities and others
917,448
870,154
47,293
5.44
Total Liabilities 
116,094,158
107,688,702
8,405,455
7.81
Equity
5,908,327
5,445,304
463,024
8.50
Accumulated other comprehensive income
(30,663)
(122,364)
91,701
(74.94)
Total equity 
5,877,665
5,322,940
554,725
10.42
Total equity and liabilities 
121,971,823
113,011,642
8,960,181
7.93
* Non Audited 
The Group's total assets increased from EUR 113,011.64 million as of 31 December 2023 to EUR 121,971,823
million as of 31 December 2024. 
Customer lending increased from EUR 74,199 million as of 31 December 2023 to EUR 77,060 million as of 31
December 2024, illustrating the bank's commercial strength to continue supporting household and business
financing projects. 
Retail funds ended the year 2024 at EUR 83,023 million, 1.78% higher than at year-end 2023. Primarily driven
by the 14.1% growth in time deposits over the last 12 months. 
Off-balance-sheet customer funds increased by 22.21% to EUR 57,686 million, during the year 2024, due mainly
to the attraction of new business and the transfer within the Bank from other products. This growth shows the
Bank's ability to attract and retain customers in a highly competitive environment.

--- Page 291 ---
- 275 - 
Commercial activity 
CONTRIBUTION BY BUSINESS 
AREA 
Variation 
Thousand Euros 
31/12/2024*
31/12/2023
amount
%
Customers business divisions
2,769,456
2,449,473
319,983
13.06
Commercial & Private banking
1,248,955
974,452
274,503
28.17
Corporate banking
1,197,025
1,174,850
22,175
1.89
BK Consumer Finance
323,476
300,171
23,305
7.76
Bankinter Portugal
346,214
306,413
39,801
12.99
Avantmoney
103,138
96,874
6,264
6.47
EVO Banco
80,839
66,190
14,649
22.13
Capital markets
343,800
255,700
88,100
34.45
Corporate Center
(741,969)
(514,107)
(227,862)
44.32
Gross operating income 
2,901,477
2,660,544
240,933
9.06
* Non Audited
Bankinter achieved record commercial results in 2024, where its strategy of diversifying revenues by type of
business and also by geography is becoming increasingly consolidated. This strategy has led to steady yearly
growth in customer business volumes, which in 2024 amounted to EUR 223 billion, including loans and
receivables, typical customer funds and assets under management (9% more than in 2023).
This drive to diversify has meant that revenues from countries other than Spain are becoming increasingly
significant. Notably, revenues generated by Bankinter Portugal and Ireland now account for 15% of the Group’s
total gross operating income.
Analysing the performance of the Bank’s business in the different territories in which its operates, the bulk of its
activity continues to be in Spain, where the bank achieved a profit before tax of EUR 1,219 million in 2024,
including EVO Banco, 10% more than in 2023. On the balance sheet, the loan portfolio in Spain grew 2.4% year
on year to EUR 66 billion. Customer funds (retail and wholesale) came to EUR 76 billion, up 4% in 2024, while
those managed off-balance sheet plus intermediation amounted to EUR 122 billion (+20%). 
In Portugal, the investment portfolio ended the year at EUR 10 billion, 8% more than in 2023. It was a similar
story for customer funds, with growth of 14%. Meanwhile, off balance sheet funds under management plus
intermediation grew 10% to reach EUR 9 billion. Bankinter Portugal’s profit before tax in 2024 amounted to EUR
195 million, 18% higher than in 2023. 
In Ireland, lending was up 27% in 2024 to EUR 3.8 billion, including a mortgage portfolio worth EUR 2.9 billion,
31% higher than in 2023, and EUR 1 billion in Consumer loans, up 17%. New lending in Ireland in 2024 came to
EUR 1.2 billion, 17% higher than in 2023. Bankinter Ireland’s profit before tax in 2024 amounted to EUR 41
million euros, up 23% compared to 2023. 
In relation to the Group’s various lines of business, wealth and retail banking, made the largest contribution to the
Group’s revenues in 2024, with customer wealth under management reaching EUR 127 billion, EUR 14 billion
more than at the end of 2023, of which EUR 7 billion came from net new money into the bank and EUR 7 billion
was down to the market effect. In total, increasing the wealth managed by 12% in 2024. 
By customer segment, EUR 71 billion stems from wealth banking, which serves the largest clients, while EUR 57
billion relates to retail banking. 
Among the wealth and retail banking products, asset management, which is essential in generating fee income,
led the Bank’s growth, with off-balance sheet funds under management at 31 December 2024 amounting to EUR
57,686 million, up 22.2%.
Within these funds, both the Bank’s own mutual funds and third-party mutual funds distributed by the Bank closed
out a historic year, making Bankinter one of the three asset managers in the Spanish market with the highest net

--- Page 292 ---
- 276 - 
inflows (source: Inverco). As of 31 December 2024, the Bank’s own mutual funds portfolio amounted to EUR
16,103 million, up 24.1% compared to 2023, while the funds of other managers marketed by Bankinter grew by
238% reaching EUR 24,175 million. Pension funds were up 11.2%, while growth of the asset management
portfolio and SICAVs was just over 30%. 
In commercial retail banking, the salary account (in its various forms) and the mortgage loan were two products
that proved to be hugely effective in attracting many new customers to the Bank. For salary accounts, Bankinter
reported an increase of 4% to reach 665,000 salary accounts. 
Meanwhile, the mortgage business experienced notable growth in 2024, mirroring the improvement in the housing
market, which enabled new mortgage production to match that of the previous year (EUR 5.8 billion), of which
almost 70% of mortgages were arranged at a fixed or mixed rate. These figures give Bankinter a market share of
6.6% in new operations in Spain (source: Bank of Spain), 6% in Portugal (source: Bank of Portugal) and 7.1% in
Ireland (source: Central Bank of Ireland). 
As a result, the Group’s residential mortgage portfolio at 31 December 2024 stood at EUR 36.5 billion, up 5% in
2023. 
Additionally, Bankinter Investment S.A.U (“Bankinter Investment”), Bankinter’s investment subsidiary,
continues to enhance the Banks performance in the alternative investment business. In 2024, Bankinter Investment
launched 28 structured vehicles drawing about 14,700 investors and achieving a total committed capital of EUR
5,074, up 11.2% compared top 2023. 
Large corporate banking also experienced a successful year, with a loan portfolio of EUR 34.7 billion, 6% higher
than the same period in 2023. This continues the growth trend from previous years, indicating that Bankinter has
consistently grown its loan portfolio and supported companies in their development projects without interruption
in recent years. 
By country, investment growth in Spain was 7%, while the wider sector posted a flat performance; and was up
9% in Portugal, with the sector as a whole growing at 3%; in both cases compared to the latest data published by
the Bank of Spain and the Bank of Portugal as of November 2024, respectively. 
The balance of lending in the international banking business was EUR 10.2 billion, showing annual growth of
14%, reflecting the Bank’s dynamism in financing and supporting companies in their foreign projects.
Furthermore, the balance of the supply chain finance business amounted to EUR 246 million, reflecting a 80%
growth in 2024. 
5.2
A description of: (a) any material adverse change in the prospects of the guarantor since the date of 
its last published audited financial statements; (b) any significant change in the financial performance 
of the group since the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been 
published to the date of the Base Prospectus. If neither of the above are applicable then the guarantor 
shall include an appropriate statement to the effect that no such changes exist. 
Since the date of the latest audited financial statements of the Guarantor incorporated by reference in this Base
Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor and since the date of the
latest financial statements of the Guarantor incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, there has been no
significant change in the financial performance of the Group. 
Information on any known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely 
to have a material effect on the guarantor's prospects for at least the current financial year. 
The global financial services sector is likely to remain competitive with a large number of financial service
providers and alternative distribution channels. Additionally, consolidation in the sector (through mergers,
acquisitions or alliances) is likely to occur as other major banks look to increase their market share, combine
complementary businesses or strengthen their balance sheets. In addition, regulatory changes will take place in
the future that the Group expects will increase the overall level of regulation in the markets. 
The following are the most important trends, uncertainties and events that are reasonably likely to have a material
adverse effect on the Group or that would cause the disclosed financial information not to be indicative of its
future operating results or our financial condition:

--- Page 293 ---
- 277 - 
Economic and Industry Conditions 

general economic or industry conditions in Spain, the UK, the U.S., other European countries, Brazil,
other Latin American countries and the other areas where the Group has significant operations or
investments; 

effects of epidemics, pandemics and armed conflicts in the global economy; 

exposure to various market risks, principally including interest rate risk, foreign exchange rate risk,
equity price risk and risks associated with the replacement of benchmark indices; 

a worsening of the economic environment in Spain, the UK, the U.S., other European countries, Brazil,
other Latin American countries and the other areas where it has significant operations or investments,
and increase of the volatility in the capital markets; 

the effects of a decline in real estate prices, particularly in Spain and the UK; 

the effects of results of UK political developments, including the UK's exit from the European Union; 

monetary and interest rate policies of the ECB and various central banks; 

inflation or deflation; 

the effects of non-linear market behaviour that cannot be captured by linear statistical models, such as
the Value at Risk (VaR) model the Group uses; 

changes in competition and pricing environments; 

the inability to hedge some risks economically; 

changes in demographics, consumer spending, investment or saving habits; 

potential losses from early repayments on its loan and investment portfolio, declines in value of collateral
securing its loan portfolio, and counterparty risk; and 

changes in competition and pricing environments as a result of the progressive adoption of the internet
for conducting financial services and/or other factors. 
Political and Governmental Factors 

political stability in Spain, the UK, the U.S., other European countries, Brazil, other Latin American
countries and the other areas where the Group has significant operations or investments; 

changes in Spanish, the UK, the EU, the U.S., Latin American, or other jurisdictions' legislation,
regulations or taxes, including changes in regulatory capital and liquidity requirements, especially in
view of the UK exit of the EU; and 

increased regulation in response to financial crises. 
Transaction and Commercial Factors 

damage to the Group's reputation; 

acquisitions or restructurings of businesses that may not perform in accordance with the Group's
expectations and its ability to integrate successfully its acquisitions and related challenges that result
from the inherent diversion of management's focus and resources from other strategic opportunities and
operational matters; and

--- Page 294 ---
- 278 - 

the outcome of its negotiations with business partners and governments. 
Operating Factors 

the adequacy of loss reserves; 

potential losses associated with an increase in the level of impairment by counterparties to other types of
financial instruments; 

technical difficulties and/or failure to improve or upgrade the Group's information technology; 

changes in the Group's access to liquidity and funding on acceptable terms, including as a result of credit
spread shifts or downgrades in its credit ratings or those of its more significant subsidiaries; 

its exposure to operational losses (e.g., failed internal or external processes, people and systems); 

changes in its ability to recruit, retain and develop appropriate senior management and skilled personnel; 

the occurrence of force majeure, such as natural disasters, epidemics and pandemics, that impact its
operations or impair the asset quality of its loan portfolio;

the impact of changes in the composition of the Group's balance sheet on future interest income /
(charges); and 

potential losses associated with cyber-attacks. 
6.
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
6.1
If the Guarantor is part of a group, a brief description of the Group and the Guarantor's position 
within the Group. This may be in the form of, or accompanied by, a diagram of the organisational 
structure if this helps to clarify the structure. 
The Guarantor is the parent company of the Group, which is composed of different subsidiaries and affiliates,
dedicated to a variety of banking activities (principally investment services, asset management, credit cards and
the insurance business).
The Group operates as a single holding unit with a unified strategy and management and common technical and
support services. 
Wholly-owned Group Subsidiaries  
The wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group as at 31 December 2024 were as follows:
% holding
Name  
Business  
Registered 
office  
% direct 
holding of 
Bankinter 
% indirect 
holding of 
Bankinter 
% total 
holding 
Bankinter
Consultoría,
Asesoramiento,
y
Atención
Telefónica, S.A.
Telephone
helpline
Paseo
de
la
Castellana 29,
28046 Madrid
99.99 
0.01 
100.00 
Bankinter
Gestión
de
Activos,
S.G.I.I.C.
Asset
management
Calle Marqués
de Riscal 11,
28010 Madrid
99.99 
0.01 
100.00

--- Page 295 ---
- 279 - 
Hispamarket, S.A.  
Holding
and
acquisition
of
securities
Paseo
de
la
Castellana 29,
28046 Madrid
99.99 
0.01 
100.00 
Intermobiliaria,
S.A. 
Property
management
Paseo
de
la
Castellana 29,
28046 Madrid
99.99 
0.01 
100.00 
Bankinter
Consumer Finance,
E.F.C., S.A.
Finance
company
Avda.
de
Bruselas
7,
Alcobendas,
28108 Madrid
99.99 
0.01 
100.00 
Bankinter Sociedad
de
Financiación,
S.A.U.
Issuer of debt
securities
Paseo
de
la
Castellana 29,
28046 Madrid
100.00 
- 
100.00 
Arroyo
Business
Consulting
Development, S.L.
Inactive
Calle Marqués
de Riscal 13,
28010 Madrid
99.99 
0.01 
100.00 
EVO
Banco,
S.A.U.
Credit
institution
Calle
Monte
Igueldo
16,
Madrid
100 
- 
100 
Avantcard, D.A.C.  
Finance
company
Dublin
Rd,
CK-on
Shannon,
Leitrim
- 
100.00 
100.00 
Bankinter
Global
Services, S.A.
Consultancy
Calle Pico de
San
Pedro
2,
28760 Madrid
99.99 
0.01 
100.00 
Bankinter
Luxembourg S.A.
Private
banking
37, Avenue J.
F. Kennedy, L-
1855
Luxembourg
99.99 
0.01 
100.00 
Bankinter
International Notes
S.à r.l.
Issuance
of
debt securities
46A
avenue
J.F.
Kennedy,
L-1855
Luxembourg,
Grand
Duchy
of
Luxembourg
100.00 
- 
100.00 
Bankinter Hogar y
Auto,
Sociedad
Anónima
de
Seguros
y
Reaseguros
Insurance
company
Paseo
de
la
Castellana 29,
28046, Madrid
100.00 
- 
100.00 
Bankinter
Investment S.A.U.
Investment
banking
Ps.
Eduardo
Dato,
18;
28010; Madrid
100.00 
- 
100.00 
Bankinter
Investment,
S.G.E.I.C., S.A.U.
Asset
management
Ps.
Eduardo
Dato,
18;
28010; Madrid
- 
100.00 
100.00

--- Page 296 ---
- 280 - 
6.2
If the Guarantor is dependent upon other entities within the Group, this must be clearly stated together 
with an explanation of this dependence. 
Not Applicable. 
7.
PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES 
7.1
If the Guarantor chooses to include a profit forecast or a profit estimate (which is still outstanding 
and valid), such forecast or estimate must contain the information items 8.1 and 8.3. 
The Guarantor has not included a profit forecast or profit estimate in this Base Prospectus. 
8.
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES  
8.1
Names, business addresses and functions in the guarantor of the following persons, and an indication 
of the principal activities performed by them outside the guarantor where these are significant with 
respect to the guarantor:  
(a)
members of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies; and 
(b)
partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a limited partnership with a share capital. 
The Bylaws of the Guarantor provide that the maximum number of Directors is 15 and the minimum
number 5. 
The Board of Directors of the Guarantor is currently composed by 11 directors, two of which are
executive, two are proprietary, six are independent and one is other external.
The table below sets out, at the date of this Base Prospectus, the names of the members of the Board of
Directors of the Guarantor, the dates of their respective appointment, where applicable, positions within
the Group, their status, and principal activities outside the Guarantor:

--- Page 297 ---
- 281 - 
Initial 
appointment/ 
most recent re-
election
End 
of 
mandate 
Status 
Functions within 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors 
Principal activities 
outside the Group 
Management 
positions 
within 
the Group over 
past five years.
Ms.
María
Dolores
Dancausa
Treviño 
(Year of birth:
1958) 
21.10.2010 /
23.03.2023 
2027 
Other
External 
Non-executive
Chairman 
Member
of
the
Executive
Committee 
Director
of
Acciona, S.A. and
of Puig Brands, S.A. 
Member
of
the
Board of Directors
of
Bankinter
Investment, S.A. 
Member
of
the
management
body
of
the
foundation
“Fundación para la
Innovación
de
la
Tecnología
de
Bankinter”. 
Director
of
Línea
Directa
Aseguradora,
S.A,
de
Seguros
y
Reaseguros (until its
listing in 2021). 
Chief
Executive
Officer of Bankinter
(until 2023).
Mr.
Alfonso
Botín-Sanz
de
Sautuola (*) 
(Year of birth:
1970) 
23.03.2022 
2026 
Executive
Director. 
Vice Chairman the
Board of Directors
and
Chairman
of
the
executive
committee. 
Joint
and
several
Chief
Executive
Officer
of
CARTIVAL,
S.A.
Sole
Director
of
companies
in
the
Cartival Patrimonial
Group. 
Non-executive
Chairman of Línea
Directa
Aseguradora, S.A.,
Seguros
y
Reaseguros. 
President of Línea
Directa Foundation 
Chairman
of
the
Board of Directors
of
Bankinter
Investment, S.A. 
Ms.
Gloria
Ortiz Portero 
21.03.2024 
2028 
Executive
Director
(CEO) 
Chief
Executive
Officer 
Member
of
the
Executive
Committee 
Not Applicable. 
Non-executive
Chairwoman of the
board of directors of
the
following
companies:
Bankinter
Consumer Finance,
E.F.C.,
S.A.,
Evo
Banco,
S.A.U.,
Avantcard DAC. 
Member
of
the
board of directors of
Bankinter
Investment, S.A. 
Member
of
the
management
body
of
the
foundation
“Fundación para la
Innovación
de
la
Tecnología
de
Bankinter”.
Mr. Marcelino
Botín-Sanz
de
Sautuola
y
Naveda (*) 
(Year of birth:
1962)
21.04.2005 /
21.04.2021 
2025 
External
Proprietary
Director. 
Member
of
Sustainability
and
Appointment
Committee 
Joint
and
several
Chief
Executive
Officer
of
CARTIVAL, S.A. 
Sole
Director
of
Botín Partners, S.L: 
Not Applicable. 
Mr.
Fernando
Masaveu
Herrero (**)
14.09.2005 / 
21.04.2021
2025 
External
Proprietary
Director.
Member
of
the
Executive
Committee
and
Chairman
of
Corporación
Masaveu,
S.A.
Not Applicable.

--- Page 298 ---
- 282 - 
(Year of birth:
1966) 
Member
of
the
Remuneration
Committee 
(holds the position
of Chairman of the
Board of Directors /
Member
of
the
Administrative
Body
in
various
companies
of
the
Group
headed
by
Corporación
Masaveu, S.A.) 
Chairman
of
the
María
Cristina
Masaveu
Peterson
Foundation. 
Chairman of the San
Ignacio de Loyola
Foundation. 
Joint Administrator
in Flicka Forestal,
S.L.
(holds
the
position
of
Chairman / Member
of
the
Board
of
Directors
in
companies
controlled by Flicka
Forestal, S.L.) 
Director
of
American
Cement
Advisors Inc. 
Director
of
Egeo
Internationa.l 
Director
of
Egeo
SPGS. 
Director
of
EDP
España, S.A. 
Member
of
the
General
and
Supervisory
Board
of EDP, S.A. and
Member
of
the
Corporate
Governance
and
Sustainability
Committee at EDP,
S.A. 
Proprietary Director
of
Línea
Directa
Aseguradora, S.A. 
trustee and member
of
the
executive
committee
and
heritage committee
of
Fundación
Princesa
de
Asturias. 
Trustee of the Pro
Royal
Spanish
Academy
Foundation.
International
trustee of Fundación
Amigos Museo del
Prado.

--- Page 299 ---
- 283 - 
Member
of
the
International
Council
of
the
Metropolitan
Museum of Art in
New York. 
Ms.
Maria
Teresa
Pulido
Mendoza 
13-07-2014 (by
co-optation) 
18-03-2015 (his
appointment
was ratified by
the Board) /
23-03-2023
2027 
Independent
external
director 
Member
of
the
Board of Directors 
Member
of
the
Management
Committee
of
Ferrovial S.A. 
Not Applicable. 
Ms.
Teresa Martín-
Retortillo
Rubio 
(Year of birth:
1967)
07.11.2017 /
23.03.2022 
2026 
Independent
External
Director. 
Member
of
the
Remuneration
Committee,
the
Sustainability
and
Appointment
Committee and the
Audit Committee.
Chairman
of
IE
Exponential
Learning 
Independent
Director
of
EVO
Banco, S.A. 
Ms.
María
Luisa
Jordá Castro 
(Year of birth:
1963) 
21.03.2019
/
23.03.2023 
2027 
Independent
External
Director. 
Chairwoman of the
Risk
and
Compliance
Committee
Member
of
the
Executive
Committee,
the
Sustainability
and
Appointment
Committee,
the
Audit Committee
Independent
External Director of
Grupo
Bimbo,
Merlin
Properties
Socimi,
S.A.
and
independent
director of Orange
Espagne, S.A.U. 
Not Applicable. 
Ms.
Álvaro
Álvarez-
Alonso Plaza 
(Year of birth:
1941) 
21.03.2019
/
23.03.2023 
2027 
Independent
External
Director. 
Chairman
of
the
Remuneration
Committee
and
Member
of
the
Audit
Committee,
the
Risk
and
Compliance
Committee and the
Sustainability
and
Appointment
Committee
Not Applicable. 
Not Applicable. 
Ms.
Cristina
García-Peri
Álvarez 
(Year of birth:
1963) 
21.04.2021 
2025 
Independent
External
Director. 
Chairwoman of the
Audit Committee 
Member of the Risk
and
Compliance
Committee 
Lead
Director
(consejera
coordinadora) 
Managing
Partner
of
Business
Development
and
Strategy in Azora
Capital, S.L.
President of NGO.
Plan International. 
Member
of
the
Board of Directors
and of the Executive
Committee of the
association Círculo
de Empresarios
Member
of
the
Board of Directors
of
Bankinter's
subsidiary
EVO
Banco (until 2022). 
Ms.
Teresa
Paz-Ares
Rodríguez 
21.03.2024 
2028 
Independent
External
Director 
Member
of
the
Remunerations
Committee
Independent
External Director of
Logista
Holdings,
S.A.
Not Applicable. 
(*) Linked to significant shareholder CARTIVAL, S.A.
(**) Linked to significant shareholder Corporación Masaveu, S.A. 
Ms. Gloria Calvo Díaz is the Secretary non-director of the Board of Directors and Ms. Lucía Calvo Vérgez is the
Vice-Secretary non-director of the Board of Directors. 
On 20 December 2023, Bankinter published an inside information communication (with registration number
2067) disclosing that the Board of Directors' meeting held on the same date, and following a favourable report

--- Page 300 ---
- 284 - 
from the Sustainability and Appointment Committee, decided – after receiving the notice from Mr. Pedro Guerrero
Guerrero to cease as director of Bankinter, effective from 21 March 2024 – to propose the appointment of Ms.
Maria Dolores Dancausa Treviño as non-executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Bankinter and of Ms
Gloria Ortiz Portero as executive director of Bankinter. 
These appointments were ratified by the Annual General Meeting of Bankinter on 21 March 2024. Additionally,
on the same day, and following confirmation of no opposition from the European Central Bank, the Board of
Directors appointed Ms. María Dolores Dancausa Treviño as the non-executive Chairman and Ms. Gloria Ortiz
Portero as the Chief Executive Officer. 
The Annual General Meeting also approved the appointment of Ms. Teresa Paz-Ares Rodríguez as an independent
director, replacing Mr. Fernando Francés Pons. 
There are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Guarantor of any of the members of
the Board of Directors referred to above and their respective private interests and/or other duties. 
Executive Committee 
The Executive Committee must consist of a minimum of three and a maximum of seven directors, with at least
two of them being non-executive directors, and at least one of these being independent. All members of the
Executive Committe must be appointed by the Board of Directors, on the proposal of the Sustainability and
Appointment Committee. 
The Board of Director's permanent delegation of powers to the Executive Committee comprises all of the board's
powers, except those that may not by delegated pursuant to the provisions of law, the corporate by-laws and the
board regulations.
Irrespective of this delegation of powers, the Executive Committee is expressly and permanently empowered to:
1.
authorise general credit transactions, up to the limit set by the Board of Directors. Transactions involving
directors, senior officers and other related transactions are excluded from this delegation of powers and
must be approved by a fully-formed Board of Directors; 
2.
authorise new businesses and individual transactions, provided they are non-strategic and do not carry
any special tax risk for the Bank or its Group; 
3.
monitor the different businesses, types of customers and their segmentation across the Bank, the Bank's
sales networks and organisations, as well as the products and services offered, all in line with the strategic
plan or business plan approved by the Board of Directors for such purpose;
4.
monitor any significant changes in the shareholding structure. 
The Executive Committee shall meet as often as it is convened by its Chairman. It shall also be convened when
requested by three of the directors who are members of the Executive Committee. 
The Executive Committee shall report to the Board of Directors on all matters discussed and all decisions taken
at its meetings, and it shall make copies of the related minutes available to board members. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Executive Committee is composed of the following six members:
Name
Position
Mr. Alfonso Botín-Sanz de Sautuola y Naveda
Chairman (Executive Director)
Ms. María Dolores Dancausa Treviño
Member (Executive Director)
Ms. Gloria Ortiz Portero
Member (Executive Director - CEO)
Mr. Fernando Maseveu Herrero
Member (External Proprietary Director)
Mrs. María Luisa Jordá Castro
Memebr (Independent External Director)

--- Page 301 ---
- 285 - 
Name
Position
Ms. Gloria Calvo Díaz
Secretary / Non-Director
Audit Committee 
The powers and duties of the Audit Committee are set out in article 39 of the Rules and Regulations of the Board
of Directors, as well as in the committee's own regulations, both of which are available on Bankinter's corporate
website. 
The Audit Committee must consist of a minimum of three and a maximum of seven directors, appointed by the
Board of Directors, on the proposal of the Sustainability and Appointment Committee, with all members being
non-executive and the majority independent. In any case, the Chairperson of the Audit Committee must be an
independent director and should be replaced every four years at most, with the possibility of being re-elected once
a year has elapsed since his or her last term. The current Chairwoman of the Audit Committee was appointed on
21 March 2024. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Audit Committee is composed of the following five members:
Name
Position
Ms. Cristina García-Peri Álvarez
Chairwoman (External Independent Director)
Ms. María Luisa Jordá Castro
Member (External Independent Director))
Mr. Álvaro Álvarez-Alonso Plaza
Member (External Independent Director)
Ms. Teresa Martín-Retortillo Cubillo
Member (External Independent Director)
Ms. Gloria Calvo Díaz
Secretary / Non-Director
The functions of the Audit Committee comprised the followings: 
1.
ensure the reliability and transparency of internal and external information on the Bank's results and
activities; 
2.
promote and periodically supervise internal control systems and procedures in relation to the risks of the
Bank's activity, as well as reviewing the general map and risk management of the Group; 
3.
annual evaluation of the performance of the head of Internal Audit, and intervene in the process of
determining his or her remuneration, staffing and approval of his or her budget, including IT
development; 
4.
to safeguard the confidential whistle-blowing channel established and regulated in the Group's code of
ethics; 
5.
functions related to directors' duties of loyalty and fidelity including situations of direct or indirect
conflict of interest, with the Audit Committee being the competent body to resolve questions raised in
this area and to agree on waivers or exemptions from directors' fiduciary duties and the rules of conduct
in the market; and
6.
to approve an annual report detailing its activities, which is made available to all shareholders upon the
convening of the ordinary general meeting and published on Bankinter's corporate website. 
In addition to above functions, the Audit Committee is also responsible for all functions set forth in the applicable
regulations.
The Audit Committee shall, as a general rule, meet at the same intervals as the Board of Directors.

--- Page 302 ---
- 286 - 
The Internal Audit Manager may attend the Audit Committee as a speaker, without being a member of the Audit
Committee. The external auditors shall attend the Auditc Committee whenever the chairman of the Audit
Committee considers it appropriate and shall attend the meetings at which the auditors' report on the annual
accounts and the management report of the Bank and the Group are examined, as well as the meetings on the
verification of the half-yearly and quarterly results prior to their publication.
The Audit Committee shall inform the Board of Directors of the matters and decisions made in its meetings and
shall provide the members of the Board of Directors with copies of the minutes of such meetings. 
Risk and Compliance Committee 
The powers and duties of the Risk and Compliance Committee are set out in article 40 of the Rules and Regulations
of the Board of Directors, as well as in the committee's own regulations, both of which are available on Bankinter's
corporate website. 
The Risk and Compliance Committee must consist of a minimum of three and a maximum of seven directors,
appointed by the Board of Directors at the proposal of the Sustainability and Appointments Committee. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Risk and Compliance Committee is composed of the following four
members:
Name
Position
Ms. María Luisa Jordá Castro
Chairwoman (External Independent Director)
Mr. Álvaro Álvarez-Alonso Plaza
Member (External Independent Director)
Ms. Cristina García-Peri Álvarez
Member (External Independent Director)
Ms. Gloria Calvo Díaz
Secretary / Non-Director
The functions of the Risk and Compliance Committee comprised the followings: 
1.
corporate risk management oversight, including, advising the Board of Directors on the overall risk
appetite, current and future, of the Bank and its risk strategy, assisting it in monitoring the implementation
of this strategy and the monitoring of risks and proposing to the Board of Directors, after hearing the
opinion of the Chief Executive Officer, that it and prior valuation of the suitability, on appointment or
removal of the head of corporate risk management; 
2.
oversight of the Bank’s outsourced services control; 
3.
regulatory compliance oversight, including, assessing the extent to which the Group manages its
compliance effectively and approving the appointment and of the head of regulatory compliance of the
Bank; 
4.
prevention of money laundering and counter terrorist financing oversight (“AML/CTF”), including,
approving and overseeing the policies, procedures, tools and indicators for measuring the risks associated
with the AML/CTF established at Group level and approving the appointment and removal of the head
of anti-money laundering and counte terrorist financing; 
5.
Bank’s remuneration systems oversight; and
6.
annual reporting on the Risk and Compliance Committee’s activities to the Bank’s general shareholders
meeting. 
In addition to above functions, the Risk and Compliance Committee is also responsible for all functions set forth
in the applicable regulations. 
The Risk and Compliance Committee shall meet as often as required for the proper performance of its duties,
either by resolution of the Committee itself or by request of the Chairman. At the Chairman's discretion, the Risk
and Compliance Committee meetings may be attended by the individuals responsible for the functions it oversees,

--- Page 303 ---
- 287 - 
as well as any manager or employee of the Bank, acting as a rapporteur without being considered a member of
the Risk and Compliance Committee. 
The Risk and Compliance Committee shall inform the Board of Directors of the matters and decisions made in its
meetings and shall provide the members of the Board of Directors with copies of the minutes of such meetings. 
Remuneration Committee 
The powers and duties of the Remuneration Committee are set out in article 41 of the Rules and Regulations of
the Board of Directors, as well as in the committee's own regulations, both of which are available on Bankinter's
corporate website. 
The Remuneration Committee must consist of a minimum of three and a maximum of seven directors, appointed
by the Board of Directors at the proposal of the Sustainability and Appointment Committee. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Remuneration Committee is composed of the following five members:
Name
Position
Mr. Álvaro Álvarez-Alonso Plaza
Chairman (External Independent Director)
Mr. Fernando Masaveu Herrero
Member (External Proprietary Director)
Ms. Teresa Martín-Retortillo Rubio
Member (External Independent Director)
Ms. Teresa Paz-Ares Rodríguez
Member (External Independent Director)
Mrs. Gloria Calvo Díaz
Secretary / Non-Director
The functions of the Remuneration Committee comprised the followings: 
1.
functions related to the remuneration policy of the Group, including, monitoring the degree of
implementation of the remuneration policy throughout the year; 
2.
duties related to directors' remuneration, including, developing and overseeing the remuneration policy
for directors, including individual remuneration based on responsibilities assigned within the Board of
Directors or its Committees and verifying that the contracts of executive directors and senior
management align with the current remuneration policies;
3.
functions related to individuals subject to the remuneration policy, including, proposing procedures for
determining which individuals are subject to the remuneration policy and annually monitoring the
composition of the group of individuals who are subject to the remuneration policy; 
4.
annual reporting on the Remuneration Committee’s activities to the Bank’s general shareholders
meeting; and
5.
functions related to transparency information on remuneration, including, ensuring transparency of
remuneration details and their inclusion in the annual report and other reports, as required, to ensure clear
communication of remuneration information.
In addition to above functions, the Remuneration Committee is also responsible for all functions set fourth in the
applicable regulations. 
The Remuneration Committee shall meet as often as necessary for the proper performance of its duties, either by
resolution of the Committee itself or by request of its Chairman. The Remuneration Committee shall inform the
Board of Directors of the matters discussed and decisions made at its meetings, and it shall provide copies of the
minutes from these meetings to the members of the Board of Directors. 
By decision of the Remuneration Committee, and upon invitation from its Chairman, the Chairman, the Vice-
Chairman (if he or she is an executive) and the Chief Executive Officer of the Bank or other executive directors
or managers, as the case may be, may attend the meetings. As a general rule, the Chairman, Vice-Chairman (if he
or she is an executive) and/or the Chief Executive Officer shall be summoned to the meetings of the Remuneration

--- Page 304 ---
- 288 - 
Committee in which matters relating to executive directors or senior managers other than the attendee are
discussed, or on the appointment and remuneration of senior managers. In any event, the Remuneration Committee
must consult the Chairman, the Vice-Chairman (if he or she is an executive) and the Chief Executive Officer on
these matters prior to making any proposal or report.
Sustainability and Appointment Committee 
The powers and duties of the Sustainability and Appointment Committee are set out in article 42 of the Rules and
Regulations of the Board of Directors, as well as in the committee's own regulations, both of which are available
on Bankinter's corporate website. 
The Sustainability and Appointments Committee must consist of a minimum of three and a maximum of seven
directors, appointed by the Board of Directors, at the proposal of the Committee itself. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Sustainability and Appointment Committee is composed of the
following five members: 
Name
Position
Ms. Teresa Martín-Retortillo Rubio
Chairwoman (External Independent Director)
Mr. Marcelino Botín-Sanz de Sautuola y Naveda
Member (External Proprietary Director)
Mr. Álvaro Álvarez-Alonso Plaza
Member (External Independent Director)
Ms. María Luisa Jordá Castro
Member (External Independent Director)
Mrs. Gloria Calvo Díaz
Secretary / Non-Director
The functions of the Sustainability and Appointment Committee comprised the followings: 
1.
appointment, re-election, and removal of independent directors, non-independent and of the advisors to
the Board of Directors; 
2.
examination and organisation of the succession of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief
Executive Officer, and senior executives; 
3.
performance evaluation of the Board of Directors and its specialised committees and selection of Board
members and senior executives; 
4.
annual reporting on the Sustainability and Appointments Committee’s activities to the Bank’s general
shareholders meeting; 
5.
drafting of the Bank’s annual corporate governance report and annual report on non-financial and
diversity information and review the Bank’s corporate governance policy; 
6.
Oversight of the Bank’s non-financial and diversity information; and
7.
Evaluation of all matters related to the Bank's social, environmental, political, and reputational risks,
review of the Bank’s sustainability policy, monitoring of the Bank’s strategy and practices of
sustainability and assessment of their level of compliance and oversight of the Bank’s relationships with
its stakeholders. 
In addition to above functions, the Sustainability and Appointments Committee is also responsible for all functions
set fourth in the applicable regulations. 
The Sustainability and Appointments Committee shall meet as often as convened by agreement of the Committee
itself or its Chairman, for the proper fulfilment of its functions. The Sustainability and Appointments Committee
shall inform the Board of Directors of the matters and decisions made in its meetings and shall provide the
members of the Board of Directors with copies of the minutes of such meetings.

--- Page 305 ---
- 289 - 
By decision of the Sustainability and Appointments Committee, and upon invitation from its Chairman, the
Chairman, the Vice-Chairman (if he or she is an executive) and the Chief Executive Officer of the Bank or other
executive directors or managers, as the case may be, may attend the meetings. As a general rule, the Chairman,
Vice-Chairman (if he or she is an executive) and/or the Chief Executive Officer shall be summoned to the meetings
of the Sustainability and Appointments Committee in which matters relating to executive directors or senior
managers other than the attendee are discussed, or on the appointment and remuneration of senior managers. In
any event, the Sustainability and Appointments Committee must consult the Chairman, the Vice-Chairman (if he
or she is an executive) and the Chief Executive Officer on these matters prior to making any proposal or report. 
Senior Management 
The following table lists the Senior Management of the Guarantor.
Name
Position
Mr. Fernando Moreno Marcos
Head of corporate banking
Mr. Jacobo Díaz García
Chief Financial Officer and Head of digital banking
Mr. Ignacio Lozano Egea
Head of commercial retail banking
Ms. Gloria Calvo Díaz 
General Secretary and Secretary of the Board of
Directors
Mr. Íñigo Guerra Azcona
Head of investment banking
Mr. Julio Gabriel Zapatero Gaviria
Chief risk officer/CRO
Mr. Alberto Ramos
Head of Bankinter Portugal
Mr. Alfonso Sáez Alonso Muñumer
Head of Consumer Affairs and Ireland
Ms. Lucía Calvo Vérgez
Head of Control and Compliance
There are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Gurantors of any of the members of
the Senior Management referred to above and their respective private interests and/or other duties. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors and the other members of the Guarantor’s
management mentioned above is Paseo de la Castellana 29, Madrid. 
8.2
Administrative, management, and supervisory bodies conflicts of interests. Potential conflicts of 
interests between any duties to the issuing entity of the persons referred to in item 8.1 and their private 
interests and or other duties must be clearly stated. In the event that there are no such conflicts, make 
a statement to that effect.  
There are no conflicts of interest between the private interests of the people mentioned in the above section and
Bankinter in the terms set out in the Spanish Companies Act. 
In the specific case of Bankinter's directors, conflicts of interest are regulated by article 19 of the Rules and
Regulations of the Board of Directors. This article makes it compulsory for directors to inform the Audit
Committee of any conflicts of interest they may have with Bankinter as soon as they detect the existence or
possibility of such a situation. Directors concerned in a conflict of interest must refrain from participating in any
related debates, decision-making and transactions. 
Aside from the external proprietary directors indicated in the above section, no members of Bankinter's Board of
Directors or senior management have been appointed to their position by virtue of any type of agreement or
understanding with significant shareholders, customers, providers or anyone else.
Lastly, according to the information held by Bankinter, none of the people mentioned in the above section who
own Bankinter securities are subject to any temporary restriction on their free disposal. 
For more information, you can consult the corporate governance report, published on the company's website
(https://www.bankinter.com/webcorporativa/informacion-corporativa/gobierno-corporativo-
remuneraciones/informes-gobierno-corporativo) and on the website of the CNMV.

--- Page 306 ---
- 290 - 
9.
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
9.1
To the extent known to the guarantor, state whether the guarantor is directly or indirectly owned or 
controlled and by whom, and describe the nature of such control, and describe the measures in place 
to ensure that such control is not abused.  
As of 31 January 2025, the Guarantor's direct and indirect significant shareholders are the following: 
Name 
or 
company 
name 
of 
shareholder 
 
% of voting rights 
assigned to shares 
 
% of voting rights 
through financial 
instruments 
 
Total % of 
voting rights 
Direct
Indirect
Direct
Indirect
BlackRock, Inc (*)
-
3.029
- 
1.191 
4.220 
Cartival, S.A.
23.186
-
0.005 
- 
23.191 
Fidelity International Limited(*)
-
2.830
- 
- 
2.830 
FMR LLC(*)
-
2.643
- 
0.497 
3.368 
Lazard Asset Management(*)
-
3.032
- 
- 
3.032 
Fernando Masaveu Herrero(**)
0.087
5.225
- 
- 
5.311 
The individual or legal entity is identified as the direct holder of the shares where their voting rights represent 3% or more of the total, or 1%
if the holder resides in a non-cooperative jurisdiction (as defined in the First Additional provision of Law 36/2006, of 29 November, on
prevention measures and actions against tax fraud, as amended through Law 11/2021, of 9 July and/or any other regulation which may develop,
replace, amend, restate or supplement this from time to time). 
(*) BlackRock, Inc, Fidelity International Limited, FMR LLC, and Lazard Asset Management are fund management companies which own
their respective shares and/or financial instruments through several of its subsidiaries. 
(**) Indirect shareholding owned through Corporación Masaveu, S.A. 
Information regarding significant shareholders of the Guarantor can be found on the CNMV's website
(www.cnmv.es). 
Bankinter's major shareholders do not have voting rights which are different from those held by the rest of its
shareholders. 
The Guarantor does not know the existence of any natural or legal person which exercises or can exercise control
over the Bank in terms of Article 4 of the Spanish Securities Markets and Investment Services Law (Ley 6/2023,
de 17 de marzo, de los Mercados de Valores y de los Servicios de Inversión). 
9.2
A description of any arrangements, known to the guarantor, the operation of which may at a 
subsequent date result in a change in control of the guarantor. 
The Bank is not aware of any arrangements the operation of which may at a date subsequent to that of
the date hereof result in a change in control of the Guarantor. 
10.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE GUARANTOR'S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
10.1
Historical financial information 
(Note item 10.1.1 below encompasses items 10.1.1 to 10.1.5)
10.1.1
Audited historical financial information prepared according to International Financial Reporting 
Standards covering the latest two financial years and the audit report in respect of each year. If the 
guarantor has changed its accounting reference date during the period for which historical financial

--- Page 307 ---
- 291 - 
information is required, the audited historical financial information shall cover at least 24 months, or 
the entire period for which the guarantor has been in operation, whichever is shorter.  
10.1.2
The last audited historical financial information, containing comparative information for the previous 
year, must be presented and prepared in a form consistent with the accounting standards framework 
that will be adopted in the guarantor's next published annual financial statements. Changes within 
the issuer's existing accounting framework do not require the audited financial statements to be 
restated. However, if the guarantor intends to adopt a new accounting standards framework in its next 
published financial statements, the latest year of financial statements must be prepared and audited 
in line with the new framework. 
10.1.3
Where the audited financial information is prepared according to national accounting standards, the 
financial information required under this heading must include at least the following:  

the balance sheet;

the income statement;

the cash flow statement;

the accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
10.1.4
Financial statements: If the guarantor prepares both own and consolidated financial statements, 
include at least the consolidated financial statements in this Base Prospectus. 
The Guarantor prepares audited consolidated annual financial statements under the IFRS-EU and non-
consolidated annual financial statements under Spanish Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
(GAAP), the English translations of the audited consolidated annual financial statements for the years
ended 31 December 2022 and 2023 are incorporated by reference under section "Documents
Incorporated by Reference". 
The consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Guarantor for the 2022 and
2023 financial years were audited by the independent audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L.
There are no qualifications of the auditors in relation to the individual and consolidated annual financial
statements of the Guarantor for the 2022 and 2023 financial years. 
The Guarantor also prepares condensed consolidated interim financial statements. The unaudited
condensed consolidated interim Income Statement and Balance Sheet of the Guarantor as at and for the
three-month period ended 31 December 2024 have been incorporated by reference under section
"Documents Incorporated by Reference". Such financial statements were extracted from the internal
accounting records of the Guarantor. 
10.1.5
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial information may not be older than 18 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The date of the most recent annual consolidated audited financial information of the Bank is 31 December
2023. 
10.2
Interim and other financial information. 
10.2.1
If the guarantor has published quarterly or half yearly financial information since the date of its last 
audited financial statements, these must be included in this Base Prospectus. If the quarterly or half 
yearly financial information has been reviewed or audited, the audit or review report must also be 
included. If the quarterly or half yearly financial information is unaudited or has not been reviewed, 
state that fact. 
If this Base Prospectus is dated more than nine months after the end of the last audited financial year, 
it must contain interim financial information, covering at least the first six months of the financial 
year. If the interim financial information is unaudited, state that fact.

--- Page 308 ---
- 292 - 
The interim financial information must include comparative statements for the same period in the 
prior financial year, except that the requirement for comparative balance sheet information may be 
satisfied by presenting the years-end balance sheet. 
See "Documents Incorporated by Reference" above. 
The Base Prospectus is dated more than nine months after the end of the last audited financial year. The
quarterly financial information dated as of 31 December 2024 is unaudited. 
10.3
Auditing of historical annual financial information. 
10.3.1
The historical annual financial information must be independently audited. The audit report shall be 
prepared in accordance with the Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. Where 
Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 do not apply:  
(a)
the historical financial information must be audited or reported on as to whether or not, for 
the purposes of the base prospectus, it gives a true and fair view in accordance with auditing 
standards applicable in a Member State or an equivalent standard. 
(b)
if audit reports on the historical financial information contain qualifications, modifications 
of opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of matter, such qualifications, modifications, 
disclaimers or emphasis of matter must be reproduced in full and the reasons given. 
The individual and consolidated annual financial statements of Bankinter, S.A. for the 2022 and 2023
financial years were audited by the independent audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. 
There are no qualifications of the auditors in relation to the individual and consolidated 2022 and 2023
annual Financial Statements referred to above. 
10.3.2
An indication of other information relating to the guarantor in this Base Prospectus which has not 
been audited by the auditors 
The information contained in "Legal and arbitration proceedings" below is not audited and was obtained
from the internal accounting records and management records of the Guarantor. 
10.4
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
10.4.1
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the guarantor is aware), during a period covering at least 
the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the 
guarantor and/or group's financial position or profitability, or provide an appropriate negative 
statement.  
Except for the litigation summarised below, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Guarantor is aware) which
may have, or have had in the previous 12 months, significant effects on the Guarantor and/or the Group's
financial position or profitability. 
The following is a summary of certain legal proceedings affecting the Group. The Guarantor believes
that it has made adequate reserves related to the costs anticipated to be incurred in connection with these
and other legal proceedings and believes that liabilities related to such proceedings should not have a
significant effect on the Guarantor and/or the Group's financial position or profitability. 
The Guarantor's general policy is to record provisions for tax and legal proceedings in which it assesses
the chances of loss to be probable and it does not record provisions when the chances of loss are possible
or remote. The Guarantor monitors the contingencies and obligations associated with these types of
instruments periodically. At each reporting date, the Bank's management analyses and determines the
best estimate of the legal provisions to be recognised in the consolidated financial statements, taking into
account the number of claims submitted by customers and the outcome of the rulings handed down in
judgements of second instance on the various proceedings initiated by customers.

--- Page 309 ---
- 293 - 
Wherever possible the proceedings listed below are quantified. However, in view of the inherent 
difficulty of predicting the outcome of contentious matters, the Bank is unable sometimes to 
quantify the potential loss or practical consequences if a judgment were ordered against it and 
accordingly no specific amount is attributed to such claims.
Tax-related litigation 
Regarding proceedings arising from tax inspections of previous years, in the inspection of income tax
for 2007 to 2009, a ruling by the Spanish National High Court was received on 14 September 2021
partially upholding the procedure, for which an appeal against this decision was filed with the Supreme
Court. On 26 July 2022, a notice was received that the appeal against the decision had been accepted,
and the appeal was filed with the Supreme Court, with hearing, vote and ruling expected in 2024. 
Regarding proceedings involving the general inspection for 2011 to 2013, appeals are under way over
value added tax with the Spanish National High court.
Lastly, as of 31 December 2023 the inspection in EVO Banco S.A. regarding R&D deductions from
corporate income tax for 2014 and 2015 are under appeal before the courts.
Because of the possible interpretations of tax regulations applicable to some transactions carried out in
the banking sector, certain tax liabilities of a contingent nature could exist. However, in the opinion of
the Bank's directors, the possibility of such liabilities arising is remote, and if they did arise, the resulting
tax charge would not have a material impact on the consolidated annual financial statements.
In any case, the tax liabilities that might derive from the claims lodged against the disputed assessments
were adequately provided for at the end of 2023 and preceding financial years.
Non-Tax-related litigation  
Based on available information, the Group estimated the extent of the obligations relating to each claim
and/or lawsuit and recognised, where necessary, appropriate provisions to reasonable cover liabilities
that could arise from claims received and/or ongoing lawsuits.
Provisions for legal contingencies includes mainly provisions arising from multicurrency loan
agreements through which the Group has claims for which a ruling has yet to be handed down by the
courts. These provisions are estimated for all ongoing legal proceedings.
Bankinter's governance bodies and management consider that the provision recognised at year-end is the
best estimate of the probable outflow of resources that the Group would have to make as a result of the
actual contingency arising from multicurrency loans sold to customers.
The estimated maximum amount of the obligation at year-end 2023 arising from pending claims for
multi-currency loans marketed to customers, assuming that all claims were settled in favour of the
customer, would amount to EUR 145.7 million (EUR 188.1 million at year-end 2022). 
On 4 March 2020, the First Chamber of Spain's Supreme Court issued judgement 149/2020 rejecting the
appeal by Wizink against the court ruling that considered null a revolving credit facility as it deemed the
interest rate usurious. Group management and directors have assessed the potential impacts of the
judgement on its portfolio of similar products and have allocated a provision of EUR 77.67 million at
year-end 2023 (EUR 77.69 million at year-end 2023) to cover any potential liabilities arising from claims
related to this issue that may be brought against the Group. 
10.4.2
Significant change in the guarantor's financial position: A description of any significant change in 
the financial position of the group which has occurred since the end of the last financial period for 
which either audited financial information or interim financial information have been published, or 
an appropriate negative statement. 
Since the date of the latest financial statements of the Guarantor incorporated by reference in this Base
Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group.

--- Page 310 ---
- 294 - 
11.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
11.1
Share capital: The amount of the issued capital, the number and classes of the shares of which it is 
composed with details of their principal characteristics, the part of the issued capital still to be paid 
up, with an indication of the number, or total nominal value, and the type of the shares not yet fully 
paid up, broken down where applicable according to the extent to which they have been paid up. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor has a total share capital which is fully issued and
paid up of EUR 269,659,846.20 divided into 898,866,154 shares with a nominal value of EUR 0.30. All
shares are of the same class and issue with the same rights attached. 
11.2
Memorandum and articles of association: The register and the entry number therein, if applicable, 
and a description of the guaranto r's objects and purposes and where they can be found in the 
memorandum and articles of association. 
The Guarantor's corporate purpose is:
(i)
the conduct of activities and operations and the provision of services of any kind which are
typical of the banking business in general and which are permitted under current law; and
(ii)
the acquisition, possession, enjoyment and dispositions of all types of securities, as set out at
article 3 of the Bylaws of Bankinter, S.A. 
12.
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
12.1
A brief summary of all material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the 
guarantor's business, which could result in any group member being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the guarantor's ability to meet its obligation to security holders in respect 
of the securities being issued. 
The Group has not entered into any material contracts other than those relating to its own ordinary
business. Furthermore, during this period, the Group has not concluded any contract containing clauses
under which any Group company has an obligation or right that is relevant to the Group. 
13.
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE  
13.1
A statement that for the term of the Base Prospectus the following documents (or copies thereof), 
where applicable, may be inspected: 
(a)
the up to date memorandum and articles of association of the guarantor; and 
(b)
all reports, letters, and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and 
statements prepared by any expert at the guarantor's request any part of which is included 
or referred to in the base prospectus. 
An indication of the website on which the documents may be inspected. 
For the term of the Base Prospectus, the following documents may be inspected by electronic means: 
(i)
the estatutos (Bylaws) of the Guarantor; and 
(ii)
the information incorporated by reference herein under "Documents Incorporated by
Reference" and under "The Description of the Guarantor – Financial Information Concerning
The Guarantor's Assets And Liabilities, Financial Position And Profits And Losses". 
The documents listed in (i) and (ii) above shall be published in electronic form (pdf copies) on the website
of
Bankinter
(https://www.bankinter.com/webcorporativa/inicio)
in
particular
on
https://www.bankinter.com/webcorporativa/en/corporate-information/corporate-government-
remunerations/internal-corporate-regulations in respect of (i) above and/or on Euronext Dublin

--- Page 311 ---
- 295 - 
(https://live.euronext.com/)
and
https://www.bankinter.com/webcorporativa/en/shareholders-
investors/financial-information/annual-reports/2023 in respect of (ii) above. Each of the Final Terms
shall
be
published
in
electronic
form
(pdf
copies)
on
the
website
of
Euronext
Dublin
(https://live.euronext.com/).

--- Page 312 ---
- 296 - 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in the Dealer Agreement dated on or around 24 February 2025 (the
"Dealer Agreement") between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger and the Dealers, the Notes will be offered
on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly
on its own behalf to other dealers. The Notes may be resold at any time, at prevailing market prices, or at prices
related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the Dealers. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer
through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in
syndicated Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
Each of the Issuer, failing whom the Guarantor, has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in
connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the
Dealers or any of them by the Issuer or, in relation to itself and the Issuer only, by any Dealer, at any time on
giving not less than ten business days' notice. 
United States of America  
The Notes may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. person (as defined below) and 
accordingly are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of
the United States, and trading in Notes has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading
Commission (the "CFTC") under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "CEA"), or by
the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has registered as an
investment company pursuant to the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940. No Notes, or interests therein, may
at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, exercised, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or
indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined herein) or
to others for offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, exercise, redemption, transfer or delivery, directly or indirectly,
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined herein).
An offer or sale of Notes, or interests therein, directly or indirectly, within the United States, or for the account or
benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined herein) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act and/or
the securities laws of U.S. states or territories. In addition, in the absence of relief from the CFTC, offers, sales,
resales, trades, pledges, exercises, redemptions, transfers or deliveries of Notes, or interests therein, directly or
indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, may constitute a violation of
United States law governing commodities trading. 
An offer, transfer, pledge, exercise, redemption, sale or delivery of Notes, or interests therein, directly or
indirectly, within the United States, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined herein) which violates
the registration requirements of the Securities Act and/or the securities laws of U.S. states or territories or United
States law governing commodities trading will not be recognised. Further, prior to a redemption of Notes by way
of physical delivery, the holder may be required to represent that (i) it is not a U.S. person, (ii) the Notes are not
redeemed on behalf of a U.S. person, and (iii) no assets will be delivered within the U.S. or to or for the account
or benefit of a U.S. person. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any copy hereof may be distributed in the United States or to any U.S. person
(as defined herein) or in any other jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with the
applicable laws thereof. This Document may not be reproduced either in whole or in part, without the written
permission of the Issuer. 
As used herein, "U.S. person" means a person that is one or more of the following: (a) a U.S. person as defined
in Regulation S of the Securities Act or (b) a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the
purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended, or any rule, guidance or order proposed or issued
by the CFTC thereunder (including but not limited to any person who is not a "Non-United States person" under
CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) (excluding for purposes of CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv)(D) the exception for qualified
eligible persons who are not "Non-United States persons")). 
In respect of Bearer Notes where TEFRA C is specified in the applicable Applicable Transaction Terms, such
Bearer Notes must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with their
original issuance. Each Dealer represents and agrees that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer,

--- Page 313 ---
- 297 - 
sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such Bearer Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection
with their original issuance. Further, each Dealer will represent and agree in connection with the original issuance
of such Bearer Notes that it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a
prospective purchaser if such purchaser is within the United States or its possessions and will not otherwise
involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of such Bearer Notes. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings
given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.2
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
In relation to each Tranche of Notes, the Dealers subscribing for or purchasing such Notes have represented to
and agreed with, or will represent to and agree with, the Issuer, the Guarantor and each other such Dealer (if any)
that: 
(a)
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i)
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A)
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B)
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(b)
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or, in the case
of the Guarantor, would not apply to the Guarantor if it was not an authorised person; and 
(c)
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United
Kingdom. 
Spain 
Other than as may be provided in the Applicable Transaction Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made
and will not make an offer, sale or distribution, directly or indirectly, of Notes which are the subject of the offering
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Applicable Transaction Terms in relation thereto (or
are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in the
Kingdom of Spain except that the requirements to make such an offer under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as
amended or superseded) and the Spanish Securities Markets and Investment Services Law (Ley 6/2023, de 17 de
marzo, de los Mercados de Valores y de los Servicios de Inversión) (as amended or superseded) have been
complied with. The Notes may not be offered, sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Notes be
carried out in Spain without complying with all legal and regulatory requirements under Spanish securities laws.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If, pursuant to the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Notes are not to be sold to retail investors in the EEA, each
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed
2
Check Dealer Agreement for consistency and remove TEFRA D para from Dealer Agreement if currently included.

--- Page 314 ---
- 298 - 
by the Applicable Transaction Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this
provision: 
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded, the
"Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b)
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Where the Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree it has not offered, sold or
otherwise made available and will not make an offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Applicable Transaction Terms
in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may
be) to the public in any Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in a Member
State: 
(a)
Approved prospectus: if the Applicable Transaction Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in relation to the
Notes specifies that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to Articles 1(4), 1(5) and
3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority
in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the
competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus which is not a Drawdown
Prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Applicable Transaction Terms contemplating such
Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on
the dates specified in such applicable transaction or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented
in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b)
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c)
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d)
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Articles 1(4), 1(5) and 3(2)
of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes
and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 315 ---
- 299 - 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
If, pursuant to the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Notes are not to be sold to retail investors in the United
Kingdom, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus
as completed by the Applicable Transaction Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b)
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
Where the Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available
and will not make an offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United
Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus
Regulation; 
(B)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 

the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the communication in
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and

the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.
Portugal 
In relation to the Notes, each Dealer has represented and agreed with the Issuer, and each further Dealer appointed
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that regarding any offer or sale of Notes by it in
Portugal or to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having a permanent establishment located in the

--- Page 316 ---
- 300 - 
Portuguese territory (or to whom Portuguese laws and regulations applicable to the placement of financial
instruments otherwise apply), it will comply with all laws and regulations in force in Portugal, including (without
limitation) the Portuguese Securities Code ("Código dos Valores Mobiliários"), enacted by Decree Law no.
486/99 of November 13, any regulations issued by the Portuguese Securities Market Commission ("Comissão do
Mercado de Valores Mobiliários") ("CMVM") and the Prospectus Regulation and any regulation amending or
supplementing the above, and: (i) it has not directly or indirectly taken any action or offered, advertised, marketed,
invited to subscribe, gathered investment intentions, sold, re-sold, re-offered or delivered and will not directly or
indirectly take any action, offer, advertise, market, invite to subscribe, gather investment intentions, sell, re-sell,
re-offer or deliver any Notes in circumstances which could qualify as a public offer ("oferta pública") of securities
pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code (or to any legislation which may replace it or complement it in this
respect from time to time), and other applicable securities legislation and regulations, notably in circumstances
which could qualify as a public offer addressed to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having permanent
establishment located in Portugal, as the case may be; (ii) all offers, sales and distributions by it of the Notes have
been and will only be made in Portugal in circumstances that, pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code (or to
any legislation which may replace it or complement it in this respect from time to time), qualify as a private
placement of Notes only ("oferta particular"); and (iii) it has not distributed, made available or caused to be
distributed and will not distribute, make available or cause to be distributed this Base Prospectus or any other
offering material relating to the Notes to the public in Portugal. Furthermore, (a) if the Notes are subject to a
private placement addressed (i) exclusively to professional investors ("investidores profissionais"), as defined,
from time to time, in the relevant provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code (or any legislation which may
replace it or complement it in this respect from time to time) or to (ii) less than 150 non-qualified investors such
private placement will be considered as a private placement of securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities
Code (or to any legislation which may replace it or complement it in this respect from time to time); (b) private
placements addressed by companies open to public investment ("sociedades abertas") or by issuers of securities
listed on a regulated market shall be subsequently notified to the CMVM for statistics purposes. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, that to the best of its knowledge and belief, it has complied,
and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes such offering material, in all cases at its own
expense. 
Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Applicable Transaction Terms comes are required by
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or
jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, or distribute this Base
Prospectus or any Applicable Transaction Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s)
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement or
modification may be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement (in the case of a supplement or modification
relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes which are Exempt Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 317 ---
- 301 - 
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH PAYMENTS  
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the Issuer's 
country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the Notes. 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of tax law and practice currently
applicable in Spain, Ireland and Portugal is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application
thereof, which could be made with retroactive effect. The following summary does not purport to be a
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or
dispose of the Notes, and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of
investors, some of whom (such as dealers in securities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective investors who
are in any doubts as to their position should consult with their own professional advisers. 
The Issuer does not assume any responsibility for the withholding of taxes at source.
Taxation in Spain 
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations and it is based on the laws presently
in force in Spain (without prejudice of regional tax regimes in the Historical Territories of the Basque Country
and the Community of Navarre or provisions passed by Autonomous Communities which may apply to investors
for certain taxes). The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of tax law and
practice currently applicable in Spain and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application
thereof, which could be made with retroactive effect.
Payments made by the Issuer 
On the basis that the Issuer is not resident in Spain for tax purposes and does not operate in Spain through a
permanent establishment, branch or agency, all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall be
made free of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes in Spain of whatsoever nature imposed,
levied, withheld or assessed by Spain or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in
accordance with applicable Spanish law. 
Under certain conditions, withholding taxes may apply to Spanish taxpayers when a Spanish resident entity or a
non-resident entity that operates in Spain through a permanent establishment in Spain is acting as depositary of
the Notes or as collecting agent of any income arising from the Notes. 
Payments made by the Guarantor 
In the opinion of the Guarantor, any payments of principal and interest made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee
may be generally characterised as an indemnity and, accordingly, be made free and clear of, and without
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or authority
thereof or therein having power to tax. 
However, although no clear precedent, statement of law or regulation exists in relation thereto, in the event that
the Spanish Tax Authorities may take the view that the Guarantor has validly, legally and effectively assumed all
the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes subject to and in accordance with the Guarantee, they may attempt
to impose withholding tax in the Kingdom of Spain on any payments made by the Guarantor in respect of interest.
In such case, and as regards non-Spanish tax residents not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain, no
withholding tax should be deducted on interest paid thereunder provided that the requirements established in Law
10/2014, dated 26 June 2014, are complied with (including, among others, that the Notes remain listed on a
regulated market, a multilateral trading facility or an organised market). In effect, according to such law and
provided that the requirements established therein are complied with, the withholding tax treatment applicable to
income obtained by non-residents from debt instruments (such as the Notes) issued by Spanish corporates shall
be equivalent to that applicable to Public or Government Debt which currently provides for a full exemption from
withholding tax. 
In the event that the Guarantor is deemed to have validly, legally and effectively assumed all the obligations of
the Issuer and, thus, if the issuance of the Notes is deemed to fall under the scope of Law 10/2014, it shall comply
with certain obligations of information.

--- Page 318 ---
- 302 - 
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the date
of this Base Prospectus: 
(a)
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, of 26 June 2014 on the ordination,
supervision and solvency of credit institutions, as well as Royal Decree 1065/2007 ("Royal Decree 
1065/2007"), of 27 July 2007, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, of 29 July 2011; 
(b)
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Personal Income Tax ("PIT"),
Law 35/2006 of 28 November, on the PIT and on the Partial Amendment of the Corporate Income Tax
Law, the Non-Residents Income Tax Law and the Net Wealth Tax Law, as amended (the "PIT Law")
and Royal Decree 439/2007 of 30 March promulgating the PIT Regulations, along with Law 19/1991, of
6 June, on Net Wealth Tax, as amended, Law 29/1987, of 18 December on the Inheritance and Gift Tax,
and Law 38/2022, for the establishment of temporary levies on energy and on financial credit institutions
and introducing a temporary solidarity tax on large fortunes; all as amended from time to time; 
(c)
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Corporate Income Tax taxpayers, Law
27/2014, of 27 November 2014, on the Corporate Income Tax, as amended from time to time, and Royal
Decree 634/2015, of 10 July 2015, promulgating the Corporate Income Tax Regulations, as amended
from time to time (the "Corporate Income Tax Regulations"); and 
(d)
for individuals and legal entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain and are Non-Resident
Income Tax ("Non-Resident Income Tax") taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March
2004, promulgating the Consolidated Text of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law, as amended from time
to time, and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July 2004, promulgating the Non-Resident Income Tax
Regulations, as amended from time to time, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June 1991, on Net Wealth
Tax, as amended from time to time, Law 29/1987, of 18 December 1987, on Inheritance and Gift Tax,
as amended from time to time, and Law 38/2022, for the establishment of temporary levies on energy
and on financial credit institutions and introducing a temporary solidarity tax on large fortunes; all as
amended from time to time.. 
Indirect Taxation 
Whatever the nature and residence of the holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes (each, a "Beneficial Owner"),
the acquisition and transfer of the Notes will be exempt from indirect taxes in Spain, for example exempt from
transfer tax and stamp duty, in accordance with the consolidated text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative
Decree 1/1993, of 24 September 1993, and exempt from value added tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28
December 1992, regulating such tax, as amended from time to time. 
1.
Individuals with Tax Residence in Spain 
1.1
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Spanish individuals ("personas fisicas") with tax residency in Spain (each a "Spanish Individual") are
subject to PIT on a worldwide basis. Accordingly, income obtained from the Notes will be taxed in Spain
when obtained by persons that are considered resident in Spain for tax purposes. The fact that a Spanish
company pays interest or guarantees payments under a Note will not lead an individual or entity to be
considered tax-resident in Spain. 
Both interest payments periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or
exchange of the Notes constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of a person's own
capital to third parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 25 of the PIT Law, and therefore
must be included in the investor's PIT savings taxable base pursuant to the provisions of the
aforementioned law and taxed at a flat rate of 19% on the first EUR 6,000, 21% for taxable income
between EUR 6,000.01 and EUR 50,000, 23% for taxable income between EUR 50,000.01 and EUR
200,000, 27% for taxable income between EUR 200,000.01 and EUR 300,000, and 30% for taxable
income exceeding EUR 300,000.

--- Page 319 ---
- 303 - 
1.2
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Net Wealth Tax may be levied in Spain on resident individuals, on a worldwide basis. In particular,
individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Net Wealth Tax to the extent that their net worth
exceeds EUR 700,000 (subject to any exceptions provided under relevant legislation in an autonomous
region (Comunidad Autónoma). Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes which
they hold as at 31 December each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2% and 3.5% The final
tax rates may vary depending on any applicable regional tax laws, and some reductions may apply. 
1.3
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the
applicable Spanish regional and State rules. The applicable effective tax rates currently range between
0% and 81.6% depending on relevant factors. 
1.4
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Wealth and Wealthy Individuals 
This new tax, approved by Law 38/2022 of 27 December 2022 for the establishment of temporary energy
levies, temporary levy on financial and credit institutions, the temporary solidarity tax on large and
wealthy individuals (the "Temporary Solidarity Tax"), as well as for amending certain other tax
provisions (hereinafter, "Law 38/2022"), has been set up on a temporary basis, exclusively for the tax
periods 2022 and 2023. Nevertheless, based on the recent Royal Decree-Law 8/2023, of 27 December
2023, the temporary application of the Temporary Solidarity Tax has been extended until the revision of
wealth tax in Spanish autonomous regions, which would take place in the context of the reform of Spain´s
regional financial system. 
It is qualified as a direct tax, of a personal nature and supplementary to Net Wealth Tax, which is levied
on the net wealth of individuals exceeding EUR 3 million. Nonetheless, the regulation lays down a
minimum exempt amount of EUR 700,000.00, which means that its effective impact, in general, will
occur when their net wealth, not tax exempt, are greater than EUR 3.7 million. Royal Decree-Law 8/2023,
of 27 December 2023, extended this EUR 700,000.00 exemption to non-resident individuals. 
Individuals who have net assets of over EUR 3.7 million at the date of accrual of this tax shall be
considered as taxpayers, and the taxable base is the value of the taxpayer's net assets, which will be
determined by the difference between the value of the assets and rights held by the taxpayer and the
charges and encumbrances of a real nature, where they diminish the value of the respective assets or
rights, and the personal debts or obligations for which the taxpayer is liable. 
The applicable tax rates are 1.7% for taxable income between EUR 3,000,000 and EUR 5,347,998.03;
2.1% for taxable income between EUR 5,347,998.04 and EUR 10,695,996.06; and 3.5% for taxable
income exceeding EUR 10,695,996.06. The amount payable for this tax could be currently reduced by
the amount paid for Net Wealth Tax. In addition, note that Law 38/2022 also incorporates a maximum
taxation limit on the full amount of this Temporary Solidarity Tax on very similar terms to those
envisaged in the Net Wealth Tax. To this end, it is stipulated that the full amount of this tax, together
with the tax quotas of Personal Income Tax and Net Wealth Tax, may not exceed 60% of the sum of the
taxable bases of Personal Income Tax (although, as a result of this limit, the tax quota due under the
Temporary Solidarity Tax cannot be reduced below 20% of the tax quota that would be payable if such
limit had not apply). As in the case of Net Wealth Tax, this limit only benefits individuals subject to
personal liability, so that non-residents and impatriots will not apply any ceiling linked to the income
they obtain during the fiscal year (although this matter is being discussed before the Spanish courts, and
e.g. the Court of the Balearic Islands has issued a ruling, dated 1 Februrary 2023, stating that this limit
should also apply to non-residents). 
2.
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
2.1
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Both interest received periodically and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of
the Notes are subject to Corporate Income Tax (at the current general rate of 25%) in accordance with

--- Page 320 ---
- 304 - 
the rules for this tax. This general rate will not be applicable to all Corporate Income Tax taxpayers and,
for instance, it will not apply to banking institutions (which will be taxed at the rate of 30%). Special
rates apply in respect of certain types of entities (such as qualifying collective investment institutions). 
2.2
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Net Wealth Tax. 
2.3
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities with tax residency in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax and must include the market value
of the Notes in their taxable income for Corporate Income Tax purposes. 
3.
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain acting through a permanent 
establishment in Spain 
3.1
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de No Residentes) 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself
create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal entity who
is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving from such Notes are
the same as those for Spanish Corporate Income Tax taxpayers. 
4.
Obligation to inform the Spanish tax authorities of the ownership of the Notes 
With effect as from 1 January 2013, Law 7/2012, of 29 October, as implemented by Royal Decree
1558/2012, of 15 November, introduced new annual reporting obligations applicable to Spanish residents
(i.e. individuals, legal entities, permanent establishments in Spain of non-resident entities) in relation to
certain foreign assets or rights. 
Consequently, if the Notes are deposited with or placed in the custody of a non-Spanish entity, holders
resident in Spain will be obliged, if certain thresholds are met as described below, to declare before the
Spanish tax authorities, between 1 January and 31 March every year, the ownership of the Notes held on
31 December of the immediately preceding year (e.g. to declare between 1 January 2025 and 31 March
2025 the Notes held on 31 December 2024). 
This obligation would only need to be complied with if certain thresholds are met: specifically, if the
only rights/assets held abroad are the Notes, this obligation would only apply if the value of the Notes
together with other qualifying assets held on 31 December exceeds EUR 50,000 (with the corresponding
valuation to be made in accordance with Net Wealth Tax rules). If this threshold is met, a declaration
would only be required in subsequent years if the value of the Notes together with other qualifying assets
increases by more than EUR 20,000 as against the declaration made previously. Similarly, cancellation
or extinguishment of the ownership of the Notes before 31 December should be declared if such
ownership was reported in previous declarations. 
5.
The Spanish financial transactions tax (the "Spanish FTT")
On 16 January 2021, Law 15/2020, of 15 October, on the Spanish financial transactions tax (the "FTT 
Law") entered into force. 
Spanish FTT will charge a 0.2% on specific acquisitions of shares of Spanish listed companies, regardless
of the residence of the agents that intervene in the transactions, provided the market value of the
capitalisation thereof is greater than EUR 1 billion. The taxpayer will be the financial traders that transfer
or execute the purchase order and must submit an annual tax return.

--- Page 321 ---
- 305 - 
Notwithstanding the above, the Notes will not be subject to this new tax in accordance with the FTT
Law. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the Spanish
FTT. 
Ireland 
Withholding tax 
In general, tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20%), is required to be withheld from payments of
Irish source interest which could include interest paid on the Notes. However, an exemption from withholding on
interest payments exists under Section 64 of the Taxes Consolidation Act, 1997 (the "1997 Act") for certain
interest bearing securities ("quoted Eurobonds") issued by a body corporate (such as the Issuer) which are
quoted on a recognised stock exchange (which would include Euronext Dublin). 
Any interest paid on such quoted Eurobonds can be paid free of withholding tax provided: 
(a)
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland; or 
(b)
the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland, and either: 
(i)
the quoted Eurobond is held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue Commissioners
(Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are so recognised), or 
(ii)
the person who is the beneficial owner of the quoted Eurobond and who is beneficially entitled to the
interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to a relevant person (such as an Irish paying
agent) in the prescribed form. 
So long as the Notes are quoted on a recognised stock exchange and are held in Euroclear and/or Clearstream,
Luxembourg, interest on the Notes can be paid by the Issuer and any paying agent acting on behalf of the Issuer
without any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax. 
In certain circumstances, Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the rate of 25% from interest on any quoted
Eurobond, where such interest is collected by a bank or other agent in Ireland on behalf of any Noteholder. 
Taxation of Noteholders 
Notwithstanding that a Noteholder may receive interest on the Notes free of withholding tax, the Noteholder may
still be liable to pay Irish income tax. Interest paid on the Notes may have an Irish source and therefore be within
the charge to Irish income tax, pay related social insurance "PRSI" and the universal social charge. Ireland
operates a self-assessment system in respect of income tax and any person, including a person who is neither
resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland, with Irish source income comes within its scope. 
However, interest on the Notes will be exempt from Irish income tax if the recipient of the interest is resident in
a relevant territory (a member state of the European Union (other than Ireland) or in a country with which Ireland
has a comprehensive double taxation agreement) provided either (i) the Notes are quoted Eurobonds and are
exempt from withholding tax as set out above, (ii) the Notes are not or cease to be quoted Eurobonds exempt from
withholding tax and the recipient of the interest is a company resident in a relevant territory that generally taxes
foreign source interest. 
In addition, provided that the Notes are quoted Eurobonds and are exempt from withholding tax as set out above,
the interest on the Notes will be exempt from Irish income tax if the recipient of the interest is (i) a company under
the control, directly or indirectly, of persons who by virtue of the law of a relevant territory are resident in that
country and that person or persons are not themselves under the control whether directly or indirectly of a person
who is not resident in such a country, or (ii) a company, the principal class of shares of such company, or another
company of which the recipient company is a 75% subsidiary, is substantially and regularly traded on one or more
recognised stock exchanges in Ireland or a relevant territory or a stock exchange approved by the Irish Minister
for Finance.

--- Page 322 ---
- 306 - 
Notwithstanding these exemptions from income tax, a corporate recipient that carries on a trade in Ireland through
a branch or agency in respect of which the Notes are held or attributed may have a liability to Irish corporation
tax on the interest. 
Noteholders receiving interest on the Notes which does not fall within the above exemptions may be liable to Irish
income tax, PRSI and the universal social charge on such interest. 
Capital gains tax 
A holder of Notes may be subject to Irish tax on capital gains on a disposal of Notes unless such holder is neither
resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and does not carry on a trade in Ireland through a branch or agency in
respect of which the Notes are used or held. 
Capital acquisitions tax 
A gift or inheritance comprising of Notes will be within the charge to capital acquisitions tax if either (i) the
disponer or the donee/successor in relation to the gift or inheritance is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland
(or, in certain circumstances, if the disponer is domiciled in Ireland irrespective of his residence or that of the
donee/successor) or (ii) the Notes are regarded as property situate in Ireland. Bearer notes are generally regarded
as situated where they are physically located at any particular time.
Stamp duty 
Any document or electronic transfer effected through an approved or recognised relevant system as provided for
in the Companies Act 1990 (Uncertificated Securities) Regulations 1996 transferring title to the Notes is
potentially subject to 1% Irish stamp duty. However, if the terms of the loan capital exemption are satisfied, no
stamp duty is payable. There are four conditions that must be satisfied to avail of this exemption: 
(a)
the Notes must not carry a right of conversion into shares of an Irish incorporated company; 
(b)
the Notes must not carry rights similar to those attaching to shares, including voting rights, entitlement
to a share of profits or a share in surplus on liquidation of the Issuer; 
(c)
the Notes must be issued for a price which is not less than 90% of the nominal value of the Notes; and 
(d)
the Notes must not carry a right to a sum in respect of repayment or interest which is related to certain
movements in an index or indices (based wholly or partly and directly or indirectly on stocks or
marketable securities) specified in any document relating to the Notes. 
Portugal
General 
The following is a general summary of the Issuers' understanding of current law and practice in Portugal as in
effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus in relation to certain current relevant aspects of the Notes to Portuguese
taxation and is subject to changes in such laws, including changes that could have a retroactive effect. The
following summary is intended as a general guide only and is not exhaustive. It is not intended to be, nor should
it be considered to be, legal or tax advice to any beneficial owner of the Notes. It does not take into account or
discuss the tax laws of any country other than Portugal and relates only to the position of persons who are the
absolute beneficial owners of the Notes. Prospective investors are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to
the Portuguese or other tax consequences resulting from the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes,
including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Portugal and each country where they are
resident, or are deemed to be resident. 
The reference to "interest", "other investment income" and "capital gains" in the paragraphs below means
"interest", "other investment income" and "capital gains" as understood in Portuguese tax law. The statements
below do not take into account any different definitions of "interest", "other investment income" or "capital
gains" which may prevail under any other law or which may be created by the terms and conditions of the Notes
or any related documentation.

--- Page 323 ---
- 307 - 
There is neither wealth nor estate tax in Portugal. 
Payments made by the Issuer of interest, other investment income or principal on Notes issued by it to an
individual or legal person non-resident in Portugal for tax purposes without a permanent establishment to which
such income may be attributable are not subject to Portuguese income tax. 
Capital gains obtained on the transfer of Notes by an individual or a legal person who is neither resident nor
engaged in business through a permanent establishment in Portugal to which that gain is attributable are not subject
to Portuguese income tax. 
Portuguese resident individuals 
Interest and other investment income obtained by Portuguese resident individuals on the Notes are subject to
individual income tax. If the payment of interest or other types of investment income is made available to
Portuguese resident individuals through a Portuguese resident entity or a Portuguese branch of a non-resident
entity, withholding tax applies at a rate of 28%, which is the final tax on that income unless the individual elects
to aggregate it to his taxable income, in which case taxation occurs at the marginal rates varying between 14.50%
and 48%, plus the solidarity tax rate if applicable (in 2023). If the interest and other investment income on the
Notes is not received through an entity located in Portugal, it is not subject to Portuguese withholding tax, but an
autonomous taxation rate of 28% will apply unless an option for aggregation is made, subject to the
aforementioned progressive tax rates and a solidarity surcharge. 
Gains obtained with the repayment of the Notes are classified as capital gains for Portuguese tax purposes. 
Capital gains obtained by Portuguese resident individuals on the repayment or transfer of the Notes are taxed at a
rate of 28% levied on the positive difference between the capital gains and capital losses realised on the transfer
of securities and derivatives of each year, which is the final tax on that income, unless the individual elects to
aggregate it to his taxable income, subjecting it to tax at progressive rates of up to 48% In the latter circumstance,
a solidarity surcharge might be due. Accrued interest qualifies as interest for tax purposes. 
Regarding the income earned as from 1 January 2023, the positive balance between capital gains and capital losses
arising from the transfer for consideration of shares and other securities is mandatorily aggregated if all of the
following conditions are met: 
- The assets have been held for less than 365 days; 
- The taxable income of the taxpayer including the balance of the capital gains and capital losses amounts to or
exceeds EUR 78,834. 
These rules apply also to the balance between capital gains and capital losses subject to the aggravated 35% tax
rate (country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable regime). 
Portuguese resident legal entities or legal entities not resident in Portugal but with a permanent establishment
herein
Interest and other investment income derived from the Notes and capital gains obtained with the transfer of the
Notes by legal persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and by non-resident legal persons with a permanent
establishment in Portugal to which the income or gains are attributable are included in their taxable profits and
are subject to Corporate Income Tax at a 21% tax rate (a 17% rate is applicable to the first EUR 25,000 of taxable
income obtained by small and medium sized companies, as defined in the annex of Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of
6 November), to which a municipal surcharge (derrama municipal) of up to 1.5% of their taxable income may be
added. A state surcharge (derrama estadual) also applies at 3% on taxable profits in excess of EUR 1,500,000
and up to EUR 7,500,000, 5% on taxable profits in excess of EUR 7,500,000 and up to EUR 35,000,000, and 9%
on taxable profits in excess of EUR 35,000,000. 
The acquisition of Notes through gift or inheritance by a Portuguese resident legal person or non-resident legal
person acting through a Portuguese permanent establishment is subject to Corporate Income Tax at a 21% tax rate
(a 17% rate is applicable to the first EUR 25,000 of taxable income obtained by small and medium sized
companies, as defined in the annex of Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November), to which a municipal surcharge
(derrama municipal) of up to 1.5% of their taxable income may be added. A state surcharge (derrama estadual)

--- Page 324 ---
- 308 - 
also applies at 3% on taxable profits in excess of EUR 1,500,000 and up to EUR 7,500,000, 5% on taxable profits
in excess of EUR7,500,000 and up to EUR 35,000,000, and 9% on taxable profits in excess of EUR 35,000,000. 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts in the name of
one or more account holders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final withholding tax at 35%
unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general rules will apply. 
Administrative cooperation in the field of taxation 
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, financial institutions are required to report to the tax
authorities of their respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the state of residence)
information regarding bank accounts, including custodial accounts, held by individual persons residing in a
different Member State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual persons residing in a different
Member State, after having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in the Directive. The information refers to the
account balance at the end of the calendar year, income paid or credited in the account and the proceeds from the
sale or redemption of the financial assets paid or credited in the account during the calendar year to which the
financial institution acted as custodian, broker, nominee, or otherwise as an agent for the account holder, among
others. In view of the regime enacted by Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October, which has been amended
through Law no. 98/2017, of 24 August, and Law no. 17/2019, of 14 February, all information regarding the
registration of the financial institution, the procedures to comply with the reporting obligations arising thereof and
the applicable forms were duly approved. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act – Portugal 
Portugal has implemented, through Law 82-B/2014 of 31 December 2014 and Decree-Law 64/2016 of 11 October
2016, as amended by Law 98/2017, of 24 August, and Law no. 17/2019, of 14 February, the legislation based on
the reciprocal exchange of information with the United States of America on financial accounts subject to
disclosure (the "Financial Reporting Regime") in order to comply with Sections 1471 through 1474 of FATCA.
Under such legislation the Issuer will be required to obtain information regarding certain accountholders and
report such information to the Portuguese tax authorities which, in turn, will report such information to the Inland
Revenue Service of the United States of America. 
Luxembourg  
The following overview is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. It is based
on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be,
legal or tax advice. Prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as
to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other
charge or withholding of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts
only. Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur
le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge
(contribution au fonds pour l'emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. Corporate
taxpayers may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes.
Corporate income taxes, municipal business tax, as well as the solidarity surcharge and net wealth tax invariably
apply to most corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally
subject to personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual
taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business tax
may apply as well. 
Status of the Issuer 
The Issuer is a fully taxable Luxembourg company. As such, it is subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 17%
(impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal) – at a rate of 6.75%
in Luxembourg-City – and a solidarity surcharge (contribution au fonds pour l'emploi) of 7% of the corporate
income tax rate. The aggregate corporate tax rate thus currently stands at 24.94% in Luxembourg-City as from 1st
January 2024.

--- Page 325 ---
- 309 - 
The Issuer is assessed on the basis of its world-wide profits, after deduction of arm's length allowable expenses
and charges, determined in accordance with Luxembourg general accounting standards (subject to certain fiscal
adjustments), subject to the provisions of applicable tax treaties. Expenses which are in relation to an item of
income which is not taxable in Luxembourg are not deductible for tax purposes.
It is further subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) assessed on the estimated realisation value of its assets
on the wealth tax assessment date (i.e., 1 January for a company having a business year corresponding to the
calendar year) at a rate of 0.5% up to a net wealth tax base of EUR 500,000,000 and at a rate of 0.05% for the
portion of the net wealth tax base exceeding EUR 500,000,000. Debts are deductible provided that they relate to
taxable business assets. The Issuer may also be subject to the Luxembourg minimum wealth tax at an annual lump
sum amount determined on the basis of certain criteria set out under Luxembourg law.
Withholding Tax 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and subject to the exception below, there is no Luxembourg
withholding tax on payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) or repayment of principal. 
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended, interest payments made by Luxembourg paying
agents, with respect to Notes listed and admitted to trading on a regulated market, to individual beneficial owners
which are residents in Luxembourg are currently subject to a 20 withholding tax. Such withholding tax will be in
full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of
his/her private wealth. Responsibility for withholding such tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Income Taxation on Principal, Interest, Gains on Sales or Redemption 
Luxembourg tax residency of the Noteholders 
Noteholders will not be deemed to be resident, domiciled or carrying on business in Luxembourg solely by reason
of holding, execution, performance, delivery, exchange and/or enforcement of the Notes. 
Taxation of Luxembourg non-residents 
Noteholders who are non-residents of Luxembourg and who do not have a permanent establishment, a permanent
representative or a fixed base of business in Luxembourg with which the holding of the Notes is connected, will
not be subject to taxes (income taxes and net wealth tax) or duties in Luxembourg with respect to payments of
principal or interest (including accrued but unpaid interest), payments received upon redemption, repurchase or
exchange of the Notes or capital gains realised upon disposal or repayment of the Notes. 
A non-resident corporate holder of Notes who has a permanent establishment or permanent representative in
Luxembourg to which or to whom such Notes are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg income tax on interest
accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes and on any gains realised upon the
sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes. 
Taxation of Luxembourg residents 
Noteholders who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income tax on repayment
of principal. 
Luxembourg resident individual holder of Notes 
Interest received by an individual resident in Luxembourg is, in principle, reportable and taxable at the progressive
rate unless the interest has been subject to withholding tax (see above "Withholding Tax") or to the self-applied
tax, if applicable. Indeed, in accordance with the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended,
Luxembourg resident individuals, acting in the framework of their private wealth, can opt to self-declare and pay
a 20% tax on interest payments made by paying agents located in an EU Member State other than Luxembourg
or a Member State of the European Economic Area other than an EU Member State. 
The withholding tax or self-applied tax are the final tax liability for the Luxembourg individual resident taxpayers
receiving the interest payment in the framework of their private wealth. Individual Luxembourg resident

--- Page 326 ---
- 310 - 
Noteholders receiving the interest as business income must include this interest in their taxable basis. If applicable,
the 20% Luxembourg withholding tax levied will be credited against their final income tax liability. 
Luxembourg resident individual Noteholders are not subject to taxation on capital gains upon the disposal of the
Notes, unless the disposal of the Notes precedes the acquisition of the Notes or the Notes are disposed of within
six months of the date of acquisition of these Notes.
Upon the sale, redemption or exchange of the Notes, accrued but unpaid interest will be subject to the 20%
withholding tax or the self-applied tax, if applicable. Individual Luxembourg resident Noteholders receiving the
interest as business income must include the portion of the price corresponding to this interest in their taxable
income. The 20% Luxembourg withholding tax levied will be credited against their final income tax liability. 
Luxembourg resident corporate holder of Notes 
Luxembourg resident corporate Noteholders must, for income tax purposes include, in their taxable income any
interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) as well as the difference between the sale or redemption price and
the lower of the cost or book value of the Notes sold or redeemed.
Luxembourg resident corporate Noteholders which are companies benefiting from a special tax regime (such as
family wealth management companies subject to the law of 11 May 2007, as amended, undertakings for collective
investment subject to the law of 17 December 2010, as amended, or specialised investment funds subject to the
law of 13 February 2007, as amended, reserved alternative investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 2016,
as amended, provided it is not foreseen in the incorporation documents that (i) the exclusive object is the
investment in risk capital and that (ii) Article 48 of the law of 23 July 2016 applies) are tax exempt entities in
Luxembourg, and are thus not subject to any Luxembourg tax (i.e., corporate income tax, municipal business tax
and net wealth tax) other than an annual subscription tax. 
Net Wealth tax 
Luxembourg net wealth tax will not be levied on the Notes held by an individual Noteholder or a corporate
Noteholder, unless (a) such Noteholder is a Luxembourg resident other than a corporate Noteholder governed by
(i) the laws of 17 December 2010, as amended and 13 February 2007 on undertakings for collective investment,
as amended; (ii) the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended; (iii) the law of 15 June 2004 on the
investment company in risk capital, as amended; (iv) the law of 11 May 2007 on family wealth management
companies, as amended; or (v) the law of 23 July 2016 on the reserved alternative investment funds, as amended,
or (b) the Notes are attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is carried on in Luxembourg through a
permanent establishment or a permanent representative of a non resident corporate Noteholder. 
Luxembourg levies a minimum net wealth tax for corporate taxpayers, which is due even if the net asset value of
the corporate taxpayer is nil or negative. This minimum net wealth tax amounts to a EUR 4,815 flat rate for
corporate taxpayers whose total assets amount to at least EUR 350,000 and at least 90% of the corporate taxpayer's
assets are financial assets falling within the meaning of accounts 23, 41, 50 and 51 of the Luxembourg standard
chart of accounts (Plan Comptable Normalisé)3. 
In all other cases, corporate taxpayers are subject to a minimum net wealth tax ranging from EUR 535 to EUR
32,100. All Luxembourg corporate taxpayers that are subject to net wealth tax are also subject to minimum net
wealth tax.
Additionally, please note that securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation,
as amended, capital companies governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on the investment company in risk capital,
as amended, and reserved alternative investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 2016, as amended (provided
it is foreseen in the incorporation documents that (i) the exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and that
(ii) Article 48 of the law of 23 July 2016 applies) may be subject to an annual minimum net wealth tax. 
3
On 10 November 2023, the Luxembourg constitutional court ruled that the Luxembourg minimum net wealth tax regime is partly 
unconstitutional as the additional condition of EUR 350,000 leads to a discriminatory situation amongst certain taxpayers in a 
similar situation. As a result, pending legislative reform, taxpayers with fixed financial assets (i.e. amounts owed by affiliated 
undertakings and undertakings linked by virtue of participating interest, the transferable securities, the cash in postal cheque 
accounts, the cheques for collection, the bills for collection, the cash in hand and the cash at bank of the company) between EUR 
350,000 and EUR 2,000,000 will be subject to the minimum net wealth tax of EUR 1,605, instead of the fixed minimum net wealth 
tax of EUR 4,815.

--- Page 327 ---
- 311 - 
Other taxes 
No stamp, registration, transfer or similar taxes or duties will be payable in Luxembourg by Noteholders in
connection with the issue of the Notes, nor will any of these taxes be payable as a consequence of a subsequent
transfer or redemption of the Notes, unless the documents relating to the Notes are voluntarily registered in
Luxembourg or appended to a document that requires obligatory registration in Luxembourg.
There is no Luxembourg value added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for the issuance of the
Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes or the transfer of the Notes. Luxembourg
value added tax may, however, be payable in respect of fees charged for certain services rendered to the Issuer, if
for Luxembourg value added tax purposes such services are rendered or are deemed to be rendered in Luxembourg
and an exemption from Luxembourg value added tax does not apply with respect to such services. 
Noteholders not permanently resident in Luxembourg at the time of death will not be subject to inheritance or
other similar taxes in Luxembourg in respect of the Notes. No Luxembourg gift tax is levied upon a gift or donation
of the Notes, if the gift is not passed before a Luxembourg notary or recorded in a deed registered in Luxembourg. 
Common Reporting Standard – Exchange of information 
The exchange of information is governed by the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"). On 24 December 2019,
108 jurisdictions signed the multilateral competent authority agreement ("MCAA"), which is a multilateral
framework agreement to automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the subsequent bilateral
exchanges coming into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent notifications. More than 50
jurisdictions have committed to a specific and ambitious timetable leading to the first automatic information
exchanges in 2017 ("early adopters"). More than 40 jurisdictions have committed to exchange information as
from 2018. 
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due diligence
standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, dividends, account
balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from financial assets and other income
generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made with respect to the account. Reportable
accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which includes trusts and foundations) with fiscal
residence in another CRS country. The standard includes a requirement to look through passive entities to report
on the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation in direct
taxation ("DAC2"), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial information between the EU
Member States as foreseen in CRS. DAC2 amends the previous Directive on administrative cooperation in direct
taxation, Directive 2011/16/EU. DAC2 requires EU member states to establish an automatic exchange of
information effective as from 1 January 2016 (and in the case of Austria as from 1 January 2017). 
On 27 May 2015, Switzerland signed an agreement with the European Union in order to implement, as from 1
January 2017, an automatic exchange of financial information based on the CRS. This new agreement replaces
the agreement on the taxation of savings that entered into force in 2005. 
Luxembourg implemented the provisions of DAC2 as well as the MCAA into domestic law on 18 December
2015.
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA,
withholding may be required on, among other things, (i) certain payments made by "foreign financial 
institutions" ("foreign passthru payments"), (ii) dividend equivalent payments (as described below in "U.S.
Dividend Equivalent Withholding") and (iii) payments of gross proceeds from the disposition of securities that
generate dividend equivalent payments, in each case, to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting,
or related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of
jurisdictions (including Luxembourg) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA

--- Page 328 ---
- 312 - 
applies in their jurisdictions. On 28 March 2014, the United States and Luxembourg entered into an IGA. Under
the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally
not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. If withholding would be required
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to foreign passthru payments or payments of gross proceeds from the
disposition of Notes that generate dividend equivalent payments, such withholding would not apply prior to the
date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published
in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity
and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or before the relevant grandfathering date
would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. The
grandfathering date for (A) Notes that give rise solely to foreign passthru payments, is the date that is six months
after the date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment are filed with
the Federal Register, and (B) Notes that give rise to a dividend equivalent pursuant to Section 871(m) of the U.S.
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, is six months after the
date on which obligations of its type are first treated as giving rise to dividend equivalents. If additional notes (as
described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from such
previously issued grandfathered Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject
to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to
the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their
own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person
will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
Exchange of information for tax purposes - Luxembourg 
The Issuer may be required to report certain information about its Noteholders and, as the case may be, about
individuals controlling Noteholders that are entities, on an automatic and annual basis to the Luxembourg direct
tax administration (Administration des contributions directes) in accordance with, and subject to, the Luxembourg
law of 24 July 2015 concerning FATCA and/or the Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 implementing DAC2
and the standard for automatic exchange of financial account information in tax matters developed by the OECD
with the G20 countries (commonly referred to as the "CRS"), each as amended from time to time (each an "AEOI
Law" and collectively the "AEOI Laws"). Such information, which may include personal data (including, without
limitation, the name, address, country(ies) of tax residence, date and place of birth and tax identification number(s)
of any reportable individual) and certain financial data about the relevant Notes (including, without limitation,
their balance or value and gross payments made thereunder), will be transferred by the Luxembourg direct tax
administration to the competent authorities of the relevant foreign jurisdictions in accordance with, and subject
to, the relevant Luxembourg legislation and international agreements. 
Each Noteholder and prospective investor agrees to provide, upon request by the Issuer (or its delegates), any such
information, documents and certificates as may be required for the purposes of the Issuer's identification and
reporting obligations under any AEOI Law. The Issuer reserves the right to reject any application for Notes or to
redeem Notes (i) if the prospective investor or Noteholder does not provide the required information, documents
or certificates or (ii) if the Issuer (or its delegates) has reason to believe that the information, documents or
certificates provided to the Issuer (or its delegates) are incomplete or incorrect and the Noteholder does not
provide, to the satisfaction of the Issuer (or its delegates), sufficient information to cure the situation. Prospective
investors and Noteholders should note that incomplete or inaccurate information may lead to multiple and/or
incorrect reporting under the AEOI Laws. Neither the Issuer nor any other person accepts any liability for any
consequences that may result from incomplete or inaccurate information provided to the Issuer (or its delegates).
Any Noteholder failing to comply with the Issuer's information requests may be charged with any taxes and
penalties imposed on the Issuer attributable to such Noteholder's failure to provide complete and accurate
information. 
Each Noteholder and prospective investor acknowledges and agrees that Issuer will be responsible to collect,
store, process and transfer the relevant information, including the personal data, in accordance with the AEOI
Laws. Each individual whose personal data has been processed for the purposes of any AEOI Law has a right of
access to his/her personal data and may ask for a rectification thereof in case where such data is inaccurate or
incomplete.

--- Page 329 ---
- 313 - 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding  
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") treats a "dividend
equivalent" payment as a dividend from sources within the United States. Such payments generally would be
subject to a 30% U.S. withholding tax that may be reduced by an applicable tax treaty, eligible for credit against
other U.S. tax liabilities or refunded, provided that the beneficial owner timely claims a credit or refund from the
U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS"). A "dividend equivalent" payment is (i) a substitute dividend payment
made pursuant to a securities lending or a sale-repurchase transaction that (directly or indirectly) is contingent
upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, (ii) a
payment made pursuant to a "specified notional principal contract" that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon,
or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, and (iii) any other
payment determined by the IRS to be substantially similar to a payment described in (i) or (ii). U.S. Treasury
regulations issued under Section 871(m) and applicable guidance (the "Section 871(m) Regulations") require
withholding on certain non-U.S. holders of the Notes with respect to amounts treated as dividend equivalent
payments. Under the Section 871(m) Regulations, only a Note that has an expected economic return sufficiently
similar to that of the underlying U.S. security based on tests set forth in the Section 871(m) Regulations will be
subject to the Section 871(m) withholding regime (making such Note a "Specified Note"). The Section 871(m)
Regulations provide certain exceptions to this withholding requirement, in particular for instruments linked to
certain broad-based indices. 
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash payments are made on a
Specified Note or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition by the non-U.S. holder of the Specified
Note. If the underlying U.S. security or securities are expected to pay dividends during the term of the Specified
Note, withholding generally will still be required even if the Specified Note does not provide for payments
explicitly linked to dividends. Additionally, the Issuer may withhold the full 30% tax on any payment on the Notes
in respect of any dividend equivalent arising with respect to such Notes regardless of any exemption from, or
reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law (including, for the avoidance of doubt,
where a holder is eligible for a reduced tax rate under an applicable tax treaty with the United States). A holder
may be able to claim a refund of any excess withholding provided the required information is timely furnished to
the IRS. Refund claims are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and there can be no assurance that a particular
refund claim will be timely paid or paid at all. If the Issuer or any withholding agent determines that withholding
is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any additional amounts with
respect to amounts so withheld. 
The Section 871(m) Regulations generally apply to Specified Notes issued on or after 1 January 2017. If the terms
of a Note are subject to a "significant modification" (as defined for U.S. tax purposes), the Note generally would
be treated as retired and reissued on the date of such modification for purposes of determining, based on economic
conditions in effect at that time, whether such Note is a Specified Note. Similarly, if additional Notes of the same
series are issued (or deemed issued for U.S. tax purposes, such as certain sales of Notes out of inventory) after the
original issue date, the IRS could treat the issue date for determining whether the existing Notes are Specified
Notes as the date of such subsequent sale or issuance. Consequently, a previously out of scope Note might
betreated as a Specified Note following such modification or further issuance. 
In addition, payments on the Specified Notes may be calculated by reference to dividends on underlying U.S.
securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70% In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder
will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30% of any dividend equivalent payments
(as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any
additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
The Applicable Transaction Terms will indicate whether the Issuer has determined that Notes are Specified Notes
and will specify contact details for obtaining additional information regarding the application of Section 871(m)
to Notes. If Notes are Specified Notes, a non-U.S. holder of the Notes should expect to be subject to withholding
in respect of any dividend-paying U.S. securities underlying those Notes. The Issuer's determination is binding on
non-U.S. holders of the Notes, but it is not binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) Regulations require complex
calculations to be made with respect to Notes linked to U.S. securities and their application to a specific issue of
Notes may be uncertain. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) to
the Notes.

--- Page 330 ---
- 314 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes to be admitted to the Official List and trading
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing, trading
and/or quotation by Euronext Dublin but which will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by
such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems and/or may be
unlisted, as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations
in Luxembourg and Spain in connection with the update of the Programme and the issue and performance
of the Notes and the guarantees relating to them. The update of the Programme was authorised by the
resolution of the Board of Managers of the Issuer passed on 28 January 2025, and the update of the
Programme and the giving of the guarantees relating to the Notes by the Guarantor was authorised by a
resolution of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor passed on 20 November 2024. 
Each permanent or definitive Bearer Note, Receipt and Coupon relating to such a Note will bear the
following legend: "Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations 
under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code". 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have, or have had in the previous 12
months up to the date of this Base Prospectus, significant effects on the Issuer and/or the Guarantor's
financial position or profitability. 
Since the date of the latest audited financial statements of the Issuer incorporated by reference in this
Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer. 
Since the date of the latest audited financial statements of the Issuer incorporated by reference in this
Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance
of the Issuer. 
Clearing systems 
Notes may be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems. The Common Code
and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) will be set out in the relevant Applicable
Transaction Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II B-120 Brussels and
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JK Kennedy, L-1855
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New
York 10041, United States of America. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding, the following
documents will be available for inspection from the website of the Guarantor (www.bankinter.com): 
the Guarantee; 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further
Base Prospectus;
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert
any part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus; and

--- Page 331 ---
- 315 - 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear and/or
Clearstream Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and Clearstream
Luxembourg of Notes in New Global Form). 
Independent auditors 
The non-consolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of Bankinter, S.A. for the years ended
31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 were audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L.
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. is registered under number S-0242 in the Official Register of
Auditors (Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas).
The standalone financial statements of Bankinter International Notes S.à r.l. for the period from 22
December 2021 to 31 December 2022 and for the year ended 31 December 2023 were audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers Société cooperative. PricewaterhouseCoopers Société coopérative is a member
of the Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises. 
Copies of the latest annual report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements of
the Issuer and the Guarantor,as applicable, may be obtained, and copies of the Agency Agreement will
be available for inspection, at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents during normal business
hours, so long as any of the Notes is outstanding. The Guarantor prepares audited interim financial
statements in June. The Issuer does not prepare audited interim financial statements. 
Any uniform resource locators given in respect of website addresses in the Base Prospectus are inactive
textual references only and it is not intended to incorporate the contents of any such websites into this
Base Prospectus (except as specified in the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference") nor should
the contents of such websites be deemed to be incorporated into this Base Prospectus. 
Linklaters, S.L.P. have acted as legal adviser to the Issuer and Guarantor as to Spanish law in relation to
the establishment of the Programme. 
In relation to this Programme, Bankinter, S.A. acts in its capacity as Arranger of and a Dealer under the
Programme. Prospective investors should note that Bankinter, S.A. is also the Guarantor under the
Programme. 
There are no material contracts which could result in any member of the Bankinter consolidated group
of companies being under an obligation that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to
the Noteholders. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer, the
Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of
their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments
and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments
and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Guarantor or their
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer or the
Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer or the Guarantor consistent with their
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any
such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme.
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 332 ---
THE ISSUER 
Bankinter International Notes S.à r.l.
46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, 
L-1855 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
THE GUARANTOR
Bankinter, S.A.
Paseo de la Castellana 29 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
ARRANGER AND DEALER
Bankinter, S.A.
Paseo de la Castellana 29 
28046 Madrid 
Spain
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, PAYING AGENT
AND TRANSPARENCY DIRECTIVE AGENT
Bankinter, S.A.
Paseo de la Castellana 29 
28046 Madrid 
Spain

--- Page 333 ---
LISTING AGENT
Matheson LLP, Dublin Office
70, Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER
PricewaterhouseCoopers Société coopérative 
Boîte Postale 1443
L-1014 Luxembourg 
AUDITORS TO THE GUARANTOR
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L.
Torre PwC 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259 B 
28046 Madrid 
Spain
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR
Linklaters, S.L.P. 
Calle Almagro, 40 
28010 Madrid 
Spain