--- Page 1 ---
- i- 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
BANK MILLENNIUM SPÓŁKA AKCYJNA 
(incorporated as a joint stock company in the Republic of Poland) 
€3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Bank Millennium S.A. (the 
"Issuer" or the "Bank", and together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "Group") may from time to time issue 
notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined 
below).  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not 
exceed €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies), subject to any increase as described herein.  
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "General Description of 
the Programme" below and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer 
(each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended 
to be) subscribed for by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Notes. 
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the ''Base Prospectus'') for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus has been approved by the 
Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), which is the Luxembourg competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation, as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation 
for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 
twelve months after the date hereof. The CSSF has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject 
of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. 
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. The Issuer has requested the CSSF to provide the 
competent authority of the Republic of Poland with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has 
been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (the "Notification"). The Issuer may request the CSSF 
to provide the Notification to other competent authorities in any Member State (each a "Member State") of the 
European Economic Area (the ''EEA'').  
Applications have been made for such Notes to be admitted during the period of twelve months after the date hereof 
to listing on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the ''Official List'') and to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Applications may also be made for such Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Warsaw Stock Exchange (in Polish: Giełda Papierów Wartościowych w Warszawie 
S.A., the ''WSE''). Each of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the WSE is a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "EU MiFID II"). 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time) is valid for use for a period of up to 12 months after 
its approval and shall expire on 12 September 2025, at the latest. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply 
when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
 
 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 
1933, AS AMENDED, (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR ANY U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY 
NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, 
U.S. PERSONS AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT UNLESS AN EXEMPTION 
FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT IS AVAILABLE AND IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES 
AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION (SEE "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE"). 
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and 
certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be set out in a final 
terms document (the "Final Terms") which will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to 
be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes listed on the regulated 
market of the WSE will also be published on the website of the WSE (www.gpw.pl).  
The applicable Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes will state whether the Notes of such Tranche are to be: (i) 
Senior Notes; or (ii) Subordinated Notes and, if Senior Notes, whether such notes are: (a) Ordinary Senior Notes; or 
(b) Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, if Subordinated Notes, whether such Notes are: (a) Senior Subordinated Notes; 
or (b) Tier 2 Subordinated Notes.  
The Issuer has been rated BB+ by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and Baa3 by Moody's Investors Service 
Cyprus Ltd. ("Moody's") respectively. Fitch and Moody's are established in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 (as amended), on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation"). As such, Fitch and 
Moody's are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA") on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation. Fitch and Moody's are not established in the United Kingdom (the "UK") and have not 
applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
Accordingly, the ratings assigned to the Issuer and the Notes to be issued under the Programme by Fitch and 
Moody's, respectively have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Limited and by Moody's Investors Service Limited, in 
accordance with he UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. Fitch Ratings Limited and Moody's Investors 
Service Limited appear on the list of credit rating agencies registered or certified with the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority (the "FCA") published on its website https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-agencies/registered-
certified-cras. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. A revision, suspension, 
reduction, or withdrawal of a rating may adversely affect the market price of the Notes.  
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may 
affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" 
below. 
  
 
Arranger 
 
 
UniCredit 
 
 
Dealers 
 
BNP Paribas 
Erste Group 
Millennium BCP 
Morgan Stanley 
UniCredit 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 12 September 2024.

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................. 4 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................. 10 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 16 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS .................................................................................................. 45 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 46 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................................... 49 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 50 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 52 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 70 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 127 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER AND OVERVIEW OF THE 
GROUP'S FINANCIAL CONDITION .................................................................................................... 129 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP ........................................................................................................... 143 
MARKET AND LEGAL ENVIRONMENT ........................................................................................... 170 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 174 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 185 
GENERAL INFORMATION................................................................................................................... 191

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, "Prospectus Regulation" 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer 
(having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its 
import.  
The Issuer confirms that any information which has been extracted from an external source has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents deemed to be incorporated in it by 
reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below) and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, 
must be read and construed together with the applicable Final Terms. This Base Prospectus shall be read 
and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated, in and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus. Other than in relation to such documents (or any parts thereof) which are deemed to be 
incorporated by reference, the information on any website to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability 
is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with 
the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with 
the Programme or accepts any responsibility for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person 
(other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in, or not consistent with, this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes: (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation; or (ii) should be considered as 
a recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers 
that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes 
should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by 
or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to its date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the lifetime of 
the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes issued under the Programme of any information 
coming to their attention. 
As a result of the implementation of the Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 establishing the 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be 
amended or replaced from time to time (the "BRRD") into Polish law or the law of any other relevant 
jurisdiction, Noteholders may be subject to write-down or conversion into instruments eligible for the

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
Issuer's own funds on any application of the general bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption, which 
may result in such Noteholders losing some or all of their investment. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than the price that might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on 
behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes issued under the Programme are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes issued under the Programme are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation Consequently, no key information document required by the EU PRIIPs Regulation as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRODUCT GOVERNANCE UNDER EU MIFID II 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MIFID II Product 
Governance", which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, 
for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the 
"EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
PRODUCT GOVERNANCE UNDER UK MIFIR 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance", 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject 
to the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.  
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION  
Interest payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such 
reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU 
Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms 
will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not 
required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence. The registration status of 
any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in 
the registration status of the administrator.  
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures 
Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 
309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time 
(the "SFA"). If applicable, the Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written 
notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being 
offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers in Canada purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal 
that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or 
subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National 
Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any 
resale of the notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, 
the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement (including any amendment 
thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised 
by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province 
or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the 
purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
REFERENCES TO LEGISLATION 
Any reference in this Base Prospectus to any legislation (whether primary legislation or other subsidiary 
legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such legislation as 
the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended, superseded or re-enacted.

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assumes 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically 
indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the 
Dealers that is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in 
any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, 
the United Kingdom and Singapore (see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor's currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets and of any financial variable that might have a negative impact on the return on the 
Notes;  
(e) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks; and  
(f) 
understands the accounting, legal, regulatory and tax implications of a purchase, holding and 
disposal of an interest in the Notes. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
A potential investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers or any of their 
respective affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or 
as to the other matters referred to above.

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
NOTES ISSUED AS GREEN BONDS 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability 
assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or assurance 
whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including in relation to Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation") and 
any related technical screening criteria, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and 
optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked 
bonds (the "EU Green Bond Regulation"), Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability-related 
disclosures in the financial services sector ("SFDR") and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or 
any similar legislation in the United Kingdom) or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve 
from time to time. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use or allocation of proceeds for any Notes 
issued as Green Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds nor do any of the Dealers 
undertake to ensure that there are at any time sufficient assets to be included in the Eligible Assets 
Portfolio (as defined in "Use of Proceeds" below) to allow for allocation of a sum equal to the net 
proceeds of the issue of such Green Bonds in full. 
In addition, none of the Dealers is responsible for the assessment of the Issuer's Green Bond Framework 
(as defined in "Use of Proceeds" below) including the assessment of the applicable eligibility criteria in 
relation to Green Bonds set out in therein. Morningstar Sustainalytics has issued an independent opinion, 
dated 2 September 2024, on the Green Bond Framework (the "Second Party Opinion"). The Second 
Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not 
intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without 
limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. The Second Party 
Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation or assurance is given by the 
Issuer or the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion or 
certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green 
Bonds. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not 
subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. The Second Party Opinion and any other 
such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or the 
Dealers, or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes and is current only as of the date it is issued. 
The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion or any such other 
opinion or certification may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. The Green Bond 
Framework may also be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, 
replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any 
description given in this Base Prospectus. The Green Bond Framework, the Second Party Opinion and 
any other such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base 
Prospectus. 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated 
"green", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities 
market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be 
obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes.  
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Group has 
been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2023 and the unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements of 
the Group for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024. 
The Group's financial year ends on 31 December and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific 
year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Group's annual financial 
statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") 
as adopted by the EU. The Group's interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with 
International Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting.

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will 
have the meaning attributed thereto in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or any other section of this 
Base Prospectus. 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
(a) 
"USD" and "U.S. dollars" refer to United States dollars; 
(b) 
"Swiss Franc" and "CHF" refer to the lawful currency of Switzerland; 
(c) 
"PLN" and "złoty" refer to the lawful currency of Poland;  
(d) 
"Sterling" and "£" refer to pounds sterling; and  
(e) 
"euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended. 
On 10 September 2024, the National Bank of Poland (the "NBP") exchange rate between the euro and 
złoty was EUR 1 – PLN 4.2827, the exchange rate between U.S. dollars and złoty was USD 1 – PLN 
3.8798, the exchange rate between the Swiss Franc and złoty was CHF 1 – PLN 4.5746 and the exchange 
rate between pounds sterling and złoty was GBP 1 – PLN 5.0770. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary 
slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures 
which precede them.

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may 
agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, 
in which event, in the case of listed Notes only and if appropriate, a new Prospectus will be published.  
 
Issuer: 
Bank Millennium S.A. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
LEI: 
259400OFDZ9KPZEO8K78 
Website: 
www.bankmillennium.pl  
Programme: 
 
The Issuer may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, from time to time issue Notes 
denominated in any currency as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. The aggregate nominal amount, any interest 
rate or interest calculation, the issue price and any other terms and 
conditions contained herein with respect to each Series of Notes will 
be determined at the time of issuance and set forth in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
respective obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the purpose 
of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme and risks relating to the structure of a particular Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme. The risk factors identified by the 
Issuer are set out under the section Risk Factors. 
Arranger: 
UniCredit Bank GmbH  
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Millennium BCP 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale"), including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus.  
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute deposits 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent (see "Subscription and Sale").

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies agreed 
between the Issuer and the Dealers, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be either Senior Notes (in which case they will be 
Ordinary Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or 
Subordinated Notes (in which case they will be Senior Subordinated 
Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) as more fully described in 
Condition 2 (Status of the Notes). 
Programme Size: 
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. 
The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement.  
Maturities: 
A maturity of at least one year or such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date 
and the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in 
respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will also be 
subject to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may 
comprise Notes of different denominations.  
Issue Price: 
Notes will be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which 
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of the Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in "Form of the 
Notes". 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and, on redemption, will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Reset Notes:  
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at the 
initial fixed rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more 
date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms by reference to the 
aggregate of a mid-market swap rate or government security for the 
relevant Specified Currency, and for a period equal to the reset 
period, and any applicable margin, in each case as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Such interest will be payable in arrear 
on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or determined pursuant to the Conditions of the Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined:

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
 
• 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating: (i) unless "ISDA 2021 
Definitions" are specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms)) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. ("ISDA") or (ii) if "ISDA 2021 Definitions" are 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any 
successor thereto), each as published by ISDA (or any successor) 
on its website (http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the 
first Tranche of the Notes of such Series; or 
• 
on the basis of the reference rate appearing on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes will, in respect of an interest period, bear 
interest at the initial fixed or floating rate of interest specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Thereafter, the Notes will bear interest at a 
rate determined on a fixed or floating basis, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition 
Event, as the case may be, and if "Benchmark Replacement" or 
"Benchmark Transition" is expressed in the applicable Final Terms to 
be applicable, the Issuer will use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
an Independent Adviser to determine (failing which, the Issuer may 
determine) (i) a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread, and any 
Benchmark Amendments or (ii) a Benchmark Replacement and any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, as applicable, and as 
further set out in accordance with Condition 5.2 (Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that: the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
for taxation reasons, or following an Event of Default or, in the case 
of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior 
Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, upon the 
occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event, or, in the case of 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Disqualification Event), or that such Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on 
such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
Noteholders. 
The terms of any such redemption, including notice periods, any 
relevant conditions to be satisfied and the relevant redemption dates 
and prices will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Any early redemption of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will 
be subject to the prior consent of the Competent Authority to the 
extent required, in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Subscription 
and Sale – Selling Restrictions – United Kingdom". 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Approval, Listing and 
Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as 
a base prospectus. Application has also been made for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Applications 
may also be made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed 
on the WSE.  
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or additional stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they 
will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system.  
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Events of Default: 
The terms of the Ordinary Senior Notes contain events of default, as 
further described in Condition 10.1 (Events of Default relating to 
Ordinary Senior Notes). 
The terms of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes contain 
limited events of default, as further described in Condition 10.3 
(Events of Default relating to Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes).

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
Cross-Acceleration: 
The terms of the Ordinary Senior Notes will contain a cross 
acceleration provision as described in Condition 10.1 (Events of 
Default relating to Ordinary Senior Notes).  
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Ordinary Senior Notes will contain a negative 
pledge provision as described in Condition 3.1 (Negative Pledge). 
Taxation: 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes imposed by 
any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation). In the 
event that any such withholding or deduction is made, the Issuer will, 
save in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 8 
(Taxation), be required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so withheld or deducted. 
Governing law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by English law, except 
that Condition 2 (Status of the Notes) and Condition 20 
(Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers) which 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Polish law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the European Economic Area, France, Italy, 
Singapore and the United Kingdom and such other restrictions as 
may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Bail-in:  
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder shall acknowledge 
and accept that the Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Bail-in 
and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent Authority, as further 
described in Condition 20 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers).  
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Regulatory Matters:  
Each issue of Notes in respect of which particular laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be 
issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time 
(see "Subscription and Sale"). 
Rating:  
The Issuer has been rated BB+ by Fitch (Issuer Long-Term Default 
Rating) and Baa3 by Moody's (Foreign Long-Term Bank Deposits) 
respectively. In general, European regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation.  
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
Use of Proceeds:  
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the 
Issuer for: (i) its general corporate purposes, which include making a 
profit; (ii) in respect of any Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, 
in accordance with the Green Bond Framework to finance Eligible 
Assets Portfolio or (iii) any other purpose stated in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing the Notes, investors assume of risk the Bank becoming insolvent or otherwise being unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Bank becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. It is 
not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur as the Bank 
may not be aware of all the relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be 
material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. The 
Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect 
its businesses and ability to make payments due under the Notes. 
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order in which 
the remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks actually 
materialising, of the potential significance of the risks or of the scope of any potential negative impact to 
the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The Issuer may face a 
number of these risks described below simultaneously and some risks described below may be 
interdependent. While the risk factors below have been divided into categories, some risk factors could 
belong in more than one category and prospective investors should carefully consider all of the risk 
factors set out in this section. Prospective investors should also read the information set out elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus, including the documents incorporated by reference and reach their own views, 
based upon their own judgement and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax advisers as they 
deem necessary, prior to making any investment decision. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER AND ITS GROUP 
Risks relating to the Bank's business activity and industry 
Deterioration in Poland's economic conditions could affect the Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
The Group conducts its operations in Poland. As a result, the macroeconomic situation in Poland has a 
material impact on the business, financial condition and results of the Group's operations. 
The economic situation in Poland depends on a number of factors, including measures by which the 
Polish government attempts to influence the economy, such as setting levels of taxation, expenditures or 
other regulations. The economic situation in Poland is also influenced by the decisions of the relevant 
regulatory bodies setting the reference rates and other regulatory ratios concerning the financial sector as 
well as economic decisions made by the authorities of other countries which are Poland's key trade 
partners or the pace and scale of inflow of funds from the European Union. These factors might affect the 
economic growth in Poland, the situation of the labour market and the financial results of the corporate 
sector. 
A potential prolonged economic slowdown in Poland would materially affect the Group's operations. 
Higher unemployment and lower consumption, as well as fluctuations in the financial markets (including 
the currency markets), may adversely affect the financial condition of the Group's customers, which 
could, in turn, impair the quality and volume of the Group's loans and advance portfolios and other 
financial assets and result in decreased demand for the Group's products. In addition, in volatile market 
conditions, the value of assets securing loans already granted or to be granted by the Group, including real 
estate, may decline significantly. 
On 24 February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine and launched a full scale military attack against Ukraine. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Russia is occupying several regions in Ukraine and military 
operations are conducted in the territory of Ukraine. It is not possible to predict when the war will finish 
and what will be the result of the war. The war caused increased market volatility and has had and 
continues to have a negative effect on the Polish economy. In particular, disruptions to the supply of 
commodities and fuel led to a significant increase in inflation which in March 2023 reached 18.4 per cent. 
year-on-year, the highest level in Poland since 1996. Although the Polish economy started to recover in 
the second half of 2023 and inflation decreased to 4.3 per cent. year-on-year in August 2024, the 
macroeconomic situation is still volatile.

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
The Group's business, as well as the successful implementation of its strategy, is highly dependent on the 
financial situation of its customers and their ability to repay existing loans, make deposits and acquire 
new financial products offered by the Group. The financial situation of Polish households, including the 
Group's customers, is highly correlated with the unemployment rate. An increase in the unemployment 
rate in Poland could cause an increase in the Group's expected credit losses or hinder the growth of the 
Group's loans and advance portfolio. High inflation may also have a negative impact on the 
creditworthiness of households and lead to a decrease of their disposable income. 
A continued economic slowdown in Poland or other factors negatively affecting the situation of 
individual customers or companies may result in implementation of governmental measures to support 
these customer groups. These measures may include suspensions of loan repayments, cancellations of 
loan repayments or caps on charged interest and, as a consequence, may have a material adverse effect on 
the financial condition of the Group. 
The level of risk that is acceptable to customers may also decrease with respect to investments in 
securities, investment fund units or other investment products offered by the Group. Significant volatility 
or a deterioration in financial markets may discourage potential customers from buying investment 
products offered by the Group and current holders may withdraw or reduce their exposure to such 
products, which may have an adverse effect, in particular, on the Group's fee and commission income. 
Any deterioration in economic, business, political and social conditions in Poland may have a material 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition and operations of the Group. 
The Group faces increasing competition in Poland's banking industry. 
The Group primarily faces competition in its universal banking activities, where its competitors include 
large Polish and international banks operating in Poland's retail, corporate and investment banking 
markets. 
High levels of competition in the banking industry could also lead to increased pricing pressures on the 
Group's products and services, which would have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and results of the Group's operations. Such competition also extends to the fight for qualified 
staff in important areas such as IT, digital, risk management and business intelligence. 
In addition, in recent years the Polish banking sector has experienced an ongoing trend of consolidation, 
which may allow certain competitors of the Group to benefit from an increased scale of operations. 
The competitive position of banks, including that of the Bank, is also affected by other financial services 
providers, i.e. entities that are not banks, but which engage in the provision of financial services. While 
not regulated by the Polish Financial Supervision Authority (in Polish: Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego, 
the "KNF"), these entities may be able to offer potential customers more attractive terms for financial 
services than regulated banks. As a result, the Polish banking sector is exposed to competition from non-
regulated entities. 
Moreover, new entrants, such as fintech companies providing online financial services, are also 
increasingly competing for customers and market share. The developing relationships between fintech 
companies and traditional banks are a noticeable trend and may have a significant impact on the existing 
market structure for banking services. New entrants to the financial services market could seek to offer 
those financial services that are traditionally provided by banks. 
These additional competitors are likely to add pressure on margins, especially if they are able to benefit 
from lower cost structures and less onerous regulatory requirements. 
If the Group is unable to maintain its competitive position in the Polish banking sector, this may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
Risks relating to the Group's financial situation 
The Group may fail in implementing its strategy. 
In December 2021, the Group introduced the strategy for 2022-2024 called "Millennium 2024 Inspired by 
People". In the strategy the Group defined its financial targets and six pillars that correspond to the key 
components of its business model. The six pillars of the new strategy are as follows:  
• 
top quality and extended offering for individual clients;  
• 
bank of first choice for new microbusinesses;  
• 
strategic partner supporting corporate development; 
• 
innovative solutions and a high-level customer experience in digital channels (mobile-first 
approach); 
• 
sustainable organisation on the path to climate neutrality; and  
• 
great place to work for our people and for top talent. 
The Group may fail to implement its strategy due to unfavourable market conditions stemming from 
potential legal and regulatory impediments, an increase in competition from other banks or simply due to 
unexpected changes in customer behaviour. In addition, some internal factors may cause the Group to fail 
to attain its strategic objectives, including capital shortages, delays and difficulties in launching new 
products and solutions in digital banking, shortages in the labour market, delays in implementing 
solutions to enhance customer service quality, or difficulties in developing the retail or corporate 
segments. The occurrence of such factors may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and results of the Group's operations. 
Claims of borrowers under foreign currency mortgage loans, denominated in foreign currencies or 
indexed to foreign currencies, may adversely affect the Group's financial performance. 
In the first decade of the 21st century, Polish banks granted a large number of mortgages denominated in 
foreign currencies or indexed to foreign currencies, in particular Swiss francs (the ''FX Mortgage 
Loans"). FX Mortgage Loans were an extremely popular product at that time due to, among other things, 
low interest rates when compared with PLN interest rates. Due to the rapid appreciation of the Swiss 
franc, the outstanding PLN equivalent of principal amounts of FX Mortgage Loans increased 
significantly. For this reason, many FX Mortgage Loan borrowers have decided to bring an action for 
annulment of their FX Mortgage Loan agreements or some of their provisions. The Bank has a significant 
portfolio of outstanding FX Mortgage Loans, for a description of this portfolio, disputes concerning this 
portfolio and certain related legal developments in Poland see: "Description of the Group - Court claims, 
current provisions related to foreign currency mortgage loans and events that may impact foreign 
currency mortgage legal risk and related provision". 
The Court of Justice of the European Union (the "CJEU") issued several judgments concerning the FX 
Mortgage Loans which were favourable to borrowers. The CJEU judgments and increased publicity from 
law firms representing such borrowers, have led to a significant increase in claims concerning the FX 
Mortgage Loans brought against the Bank. The courts' verdicts already issued are generally favourable 
for the borrowers. Almost all of verdicts delivered in respect of such cases declare the loan agreements 
invalid. If a loan agreement is declared invalid, the lender should return to the borrower all amounts paid 
by the borrower, including interest and fees. The lender is entitled to demand from the borrower the return 
of the disbursed principal amount of the loan. The Bank is undertaking legal actions necessary to secure 
repayment of the disbursed principal of the loan. 
The Group has already created significant provisions to cover the risk associated with the FX Mortgage 
Loans and it cannot exclude the possibility that additional provisions may be required in the future. The 
provisions have had a material negative effect on the Group's profitability and its capital and other 
regulatory ratios. Additional provisions may have a material negative effect on the Group's profitability 
and its capital and other regulatory ratios.

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
Claims of borrowers under loans with interest rates based on WIBOR may affect the Group's financial 
performance. 
The Polish Monetary Policy Council (in Polish: Rada Polityki Pieniężnej, the "MPC") which is 
responsible for setting the reference rates in Poland increased the main Polish reference rate in the period 
from October 2021 to September 2022 from 0.10 per cent. to 6.75 per cent. Although as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus the main reference rate is 5.75 per cent., the increase in the reference rates led to an 
increase of the Warsaw Interbank Offered Rate ("WIBOR"), a benchmark which is the basis for 
determining the interest rate for the majority of floating rate loans denominated in PLN, including 
outstanding loans granted by the Bank. There are speculations in the media that this may cause the 
borrowers under such loans to try to challenge the loans in courts by requesting the courts to invalidate 
the loan agreements in whole or only in relation to the provisions concerning the calculation of interest.  
As at 30 June 2024, the Bank has received 96 lawsuits from borrowers under mortgage loans 
denominated in PLN. The Bank believes that because of the marketing activities of law firms specialising 
in representing consumers in disputes with financial institutions, the number of these lawsuits will 
increase. The borrowers claim that WIBOR is an incomprehensible factor which affecting the borrowers' 
financial liabilities which a borrower is not able to independently verify. The borrowers challenging the 
loan agreements also claim that WIBOR does not properly reflect the economic environment, that it is 
fixed on the basis of artificial data provided by banks and not on the basis of real transactions and assert 
that the Bank did not provide them with sufficient information on how a floating interest rate may affect 
the repayments under the loans As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been one final court 
decision resolving a dispute concerning calculation of interest under a loan with an interest rate based on 
WIBOR and this decision was in favour of the Bank. In May 2024, a court hearing a dispute concerning a 
loan agreement with interest rate based on WIBOR decided to ask the CJEU preliminary questions 
concerning the loan agreement. These preliminary questions refer, in particular, to whether the Council 
Directive 93/13/EEC of 5 April 1993 on unfair terms in consumer contracts is to be interpreted as 
permitting an examination of contractual provisions relating to floating interest rates based on WIBOR. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus it is not certain how and when the CJEU will respond to the 
preliminary questions. Although the Bank is not a party to the dispute in which the preliminary questions 
were asked, the CJEU's responses will be an important guidance for all Polish courts hearing disputes 
concerning loan agreements with floating interest rate based on WIBOR. If Polish courts in the future 
determine that loan agreements referencing WIBOR have legal defects, a large number of borrowers 
under such loans may decide to challenge them in courts. If the results of the majority of the lawsuits are 
unfavourable for the Bank, the Group's financial condition and, as a consequence, its capital and other 
regulatory ratios, may materially deteriorate. 
Material increases in the Group's impairment provisions on loans and advances may have an adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In connection with its credit operations, the Group regularly writes down impaired assets and records 
expected credit losses in the profit and loss account of the Group. The total value of the Group's expected 
credit losses depends on the volume and type of borrowing activity and standards applied in the banking 
industry and is calculated based on the three-stage expected credit losses model, reflecting the change in 
the level of risk that occurs since an exposure was recognised, including losses experienced by the Group 
adjusted by expected forward-looking information, expectations on defaults in loan payments, the 
economic situation and other factors connected with the repayment of various loans. It also depends on 
the risk model applied by the Group, which may prove to be incorrect and result in an incorrect 
assessment by the Group of the risk associated with its loan portfolios. Although the Bank's Management 
Board uses its best efforts to establish an appropriate amount of expected credit losses on loans and 
advances, this determination is subject to the evaluation of credit risk and may be affected by numerous 
factors. The Group could be required to increase its expected credit losses on loans and advances in the 
future as a result of increases in non-performing assets or for other reasons. Any material increase in the 
expected credit losses on loans and advances, any loan losses in excess of the previously determined 
expected credit losses on loans and advances with respect thereto or changes in the estimate of the 
provision for expected losses on loans and advances could have an adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
The value of the Group's investment and trading portfolios may decrease. 
The Group's portfolio of securities comprises debt and equity securities. The quality of the Group's 
portfolio of securities may be affected by macroeconomic factors, the general business environment and 
developments in the financial markets, and by the creditworthiness and financial position of 
counterparties to the Group's transactions. The quality of debt securities held by the Group is dependent 
on the ability of issuers of the securities to make payments on the securities when due, which in turn may 
be affected by changes in their financial standing. 
As at 31 December 2023, debt instruments issued by the Polish State Treasury, other EU member states 
and the NBP accounted for 94 per cent. of the Group's debt securities portfolio in investment and trading 
securities. A decrease in the price of such securities may occur as a result of several factors, in particular: 
(i) an increased supply of such securities by the Polish government or other EU member states 
governments due to an increased issue of those securities to finance the budget deficit or an increased 
offer of securities by investors disposing of them; or (ii) increases in domestic or eurozone interest rates; 
or (iii) a decrease in the credit ratings for Poland's or other EU member states' sovereign debt; or (iv) 
increased political risk and a negative perception of Poland or other EU member states by investors. Any 
decrease in the price of such securities could adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
The Group's portfolio includes negotiable financial instruments whose daily valuations depend on certain 
market parameters (such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates, prices of bonds and stocks, stock 
indices values, futures prices, and implied volatilities of options). As these parameters vary continuously 
according to market forces, valuations of the financial instruments also change accordingly, which may 
adversely impact the unrealised results of these portfolios, even though certain components of the market 
risk of those portfolios are hedged and the trading is carried out within set market risk limits. In addition, 
market movements may also adversely affect realised results of the trading book. Any occurrence of any 
of these factors may have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
The Group has significant exposure to counterparty credit risk in connection with its banking 
operations. 
The Group is exposed to counterparty risk arising from the potential inability of its counterparties, 
including corporate customers, banks and other financial institutions, to fulfil their obligations under 
transactions and financial instruments entered into with the Group due to a number of factors, including, 
in particular, bankruptcies, a lack of market or individual customer liquidity, economic downturns, 
adverse financial and market movements (e.g. in interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates, 
commodity prices or the implied volatility of foreign exchange options), operational failures and 
increased economic and political uncertainty. A reduction in the ability of the Group's counterparties to 
fulfil such obligations, or a default by, or even concerns about the creditworthiness and financial standing 
of, one or more of the Group's counterparties could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
The Group has substantial assets associated with foreign exchange derivatives which include foreign 
exchange swaps and forwards conducted with other banking and non-banking clients. These foreign 
exchange derivatives require the customer to provide collateral if the instrument reaches a prescribed loss 
level. In the past, due to significant changes in the PLN exchange rate against certain foreign currencies, 
many customers who have purchased foreign exchange derivatives have been unable to provide the 
required collateral. These customers have subsequently sought to challenge the validity of the transactions 
entered into with the Bank in court proceedings. The Bank cannot exclude the possibility that further 
claims may be raised against the Bank in the future and this could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
Although the Group actively manages its liquidity requirements and foreign exchange position and 
hedges its exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risks, continued foreign exchange rate volatility 
of the PLN against foreign currencies could increase the pressure on the Group's counterparties and could 
lead to increased defaults by the Group's counterparties and further losses incurred by the Group on its 
foreign exchange derivatives. Such developments could have an adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and results of the Group's operations.

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
Any reduction in the credit rating of the Bank and its subsidiaries could increase its cost of funding 
and adversely affect its interest margins. 
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms on which the Group is able to obtain funding. A reduction in 
the Group companies' credit ratings could increase the costs associated with its interbank and capital 
market transactions and could adversely affect the Group's liquidity and competitive position, undermine 
confidence in the Group, increase its borrowing costs and adversely affect its interest margins. Rating 
downgrades could also significantly impair the operating business of the Bank, the refinancing costs of 
the Group and the Bank's eligibility to act as a counterparty to derivative transactions for some market 
participants. 
Rating agencies' assessments are driven by a number of factors, including franchise value, capitalisation, 
profitability, applicable sovereign ratings, refinancing opportunities and liquidity as well as potential 
parental support. Pressure on the Bank's credit ratings may arise, for example, in the event of significantly 
weaker capital generation driven by poorer financial performance, a material deterioration of asset quality 
in a less favourable business environment or the downgrading of the rating applicable to Poland. 
A downgrading in the rating of the Bank and its subsidiaries could increase the financing costs associated 
with issuances of debt securities by the Bank or transactions on the interbank market and could adversely 
affect the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The reform of benchmarks may have an adverse effect on the Group's financial performance. 
Under the Regulation EU 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"), supervised entities other than 
an administrator that use a benchmark must produce and maintain robust written plans setting out the 
actions they would take in the event that a benchmark materially changes or ceases to be provided. Where 
feasible and appropriate, such plans shall nominate one or several alternative benchmarks that could be 
referenced to substitute for the benchmarks no longer provided, indicating why such benchmarks would 
be suitable alternatives. The supervised entities must, on request, provide the relevant competent authority 
with those plans and any updates and shall reflect them in the contractual relationship with clients. 
The Bank has a significant portfolio of mortgage loans in PLN where the interest rate is a floating rate 
being the sum of WIBOR benchmark (with three and six months tenors) and applicable margin, WIBOR 
may change over time depending on the current quotations on the market and liquidity needs.  
In July 2022, the national working group for the reform of benchmarks (the "Working Group") was 
established to determine the benchmark that will replace WIBOR. The Working Group is composed of 
the representatives of the Ministry of Finance, the NBP, the KNF and the largest Polish financial 
institutions. On 27 September 2022 the Working Group announced a roadmap for phasing out WIBOR 
and replacing it with a new benchmark, Warsaw Interest Rate Overnight ("WIRON"). Under the 
roadmap, which was updated in October 2023, WIBOR will be withdrawn in 2027. In March 2024 the 
Working Group announced that that it will conduct a comprehensive review of all risk-free benchmarks, 
including WIRON, which may be an alternative to WIBOR. The review will take into account a wide 
range of market data and the recent changes in the macroeconomic environment. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, this review has not yet been completed. As a result, the introduction of an alternative to 
WIBOR is still pending. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the Group is not able to assess the exact impact of replacing 
WIBOR with a new benchmark on its financial performance and its operations. However, the Group 
cannot exclude that replacing WIBOR with a new benchmark may lead to an increase in the Group's 
financing costs or a decrease in the Group's interest income. The process of WIBOR transition may also 
result in significant administrative and compliance costs to the Group. 
The Group may not be able to improve or sustain its current interest rate margins or commissions on 
loans. 
The net interest income achieved by the Group depends to a large extent on the levels of the Group's 
interest-bearing assets and liabilities and the average interest rates on interest-earning assets and interest-
bearing liabilities. 
Various factors could affect the Group's ability to maintain credit and deposit margins as well as fees and 
commissions at current levels. These factors include the evolving regulatory environment, court

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
judgments (for more details please see "Claims of borrowers under foreign currency mortgage loans, 
denominated in foreign currencies or indexed to foreign currencies, may adversely affect the Group's 
financial performance" above), increasing competition in the market, changing demand for fixed and 
floating interest rate loans, possible changes in monetary policy conducted by the MPC, the level of 
inflation, and changes in interest rates on interbank markets. 
The Group could suffer decreasing interest rate margins for various reasons, including if: 
• 
market interest rates on floating interest rate loans decline and the Group is unable to offset such 
an effect by decreasing the rates payable on deposits; 
• 
interest rates payable on deposits increase as a result of additional competition among banks or 
other factors beyond the Group's control and the Group is unable to offset such an effect by 
increasing the rates on its loans; or 
• 
increased competition on the market and economic recovery push credit spreads down. 
The Group's inability to maintain interest rate margins and commissions on loans may result in lower 
net income and could materially adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of the 
Group's operations. 
A high proportion of long-term mortgages in the Group's loan portfolio and the increased level of fixed 
rate new mortgage loans make it difficult for the Group to adjust its loan margins to market terms whilst 
any deterioration in residential real estate prices and decreases in the value of collateral provided to the 
Bank may negatively affect the Group's business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
In accordance with Polish law, neither the Bank nor any member of the Group is able to unilaterally 
change the terms of granted loans and advances to individuals, including credit margins. As at 31 
December 2023, gross housing and mortgage loans to individuals (retail mortgage loans) have constituted 
a material part (approximately 68 per cent.) of the Group's total gross loans and advances to individuals. 
As a result, the Group is limited in its ability to change its average credit portfolio margins through the 
generation of new mortgage loans and advances reflecting current credit margins on the market compared 
with other financial institutions operating on the Polish market, which have credit portfolios with a larger 
proportion of short-term loans. This limited ability to re-price its loan portfolio may adversely affect the 
business, financial condition and results of the Group's operations. 
The Group's inability to recover the assumed value of collateral on real estate may result in higher 
impairment losses and could materially adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of 
the Group's operations. 
When granting mortgage loans, the Group assumes a certain level of prices of residential real property 
securing such loans. If sale prices of residential real property in Poland substantially decline for any 
reason, the value of the Group's security may be adversely affected and, in cases of foreclosure, the Group 
may not be able to recover the entire amount of the loan if the borrowers are unable to repay them. In 
addition, investments in real estate are characterised by low liquidity as compared with other types of 
investments and such liquidity may further deteriorate in periods of economic downturn. The Group 
cannot guarantee that if the residential real estate market in Poland deteriorates significantly, the ability to 
enforce its security in a timely and effective manner would not deteriorate significantly. 
The occurrence of any of the factors mentioned above may have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition, and/or results of operations of the Group. 
The Group's risk management methods may prove ineffective at mitigating credit risk. 
Losses relating to credit risk may arise if the risk management policies, procedures, models and 
assessment methods implemented by the Group to mitigate credit risk and to protect against credit 
exposures prove less effective than expected. The Group employs qualitative tools and metrics for 
managing risk that are based on observed historical market behaviour. These tools and procedures may 
fail to predict future risk exposures, especially in a market characterised by increased volatility and falling 
prices. Given the Group's variety of lending activities, the risk management systems employed by the 
Group may prove insufficient in measuring and managing risks.

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
The occurrence of any of the factors mentioned above may have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition, and/or results of the Group's operations. 
The Group is exposed to operational risk related to its business activities. 
Operational risk accompanies all processes at banks and its consequences can often be significant. The 
Group is subject to the risk of incurring losses or unforeseen costs relating to inadequate or failed internal 
processes, human error, system failures, errors relating to the outsourcing of the performance of certain 
services to external service providers, and external events. Typical categories of operational loss include 
errors made during the execution of operations, record-keeping errors, business disruptions (caused by, 
for example, software or hardware failures and communication breakdowns), fraud (including related to 
credit cards), legal claims over transactions or operations and damage to assets. In addition, because some 
of the Group's business transactions are conducted via internet platforms, the Group is exposed to third-
party attacks on its IT systems, which could result in financial or reputational loss. The Group utilises a 
number of IT systems to conduct its operations. Due to the high complexity of interactions and 
interdependencies among the Group's IT systems, there can be no assurance that these systems will 
always properly interact with one another or will always effectively ensure error-free and timely transfers 
of data within the IT structure of the Bank and the Group. 
The Group also outsources the performance of certain services, including IT services as well as document 
consignment services, cash support services, cash processing, and debt recovery to third parties. 
Additionally, the Bank outsources to external service providers the performance of certain services 
relating to the sale of retail banking products offered by the Bank. If any of the third parties on which the 
Bank relies fail to duly perform in accordance with the terms of their agreements with the Bank, then this 
could result in operational deficiencies or reputational risk for the Group. Furthermore, the Group may be 
exposed to the risk of liability to its customers and reputational loss if such external providers fail to duly 
perform their services or, specifically, if they perform their services in breach of applicable law or 
banking regulations or if they take improper actions which result in an infringement of third-party rights. 
Additionally, failures of the Group's operational risk management system to detect or prevent operational 
problems caused by third parties which prevent them from performing the activities outsourced to them 
could affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
The occurrence of any of the events described above could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition and results of the Group's operations. 
The Group faces liquidity risk. 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank may be unable to meet its current and future (including contingent) 
payment obligations as they become due. Liquidity risk may result from internal factors (e.g., the impact 
of negative publicity or reputational damage, resulting, for instance, in excessive withdrawal of cash by 
the Bank's clients or the materialisation of credit risk) and external factors (turbulence and crises in the 
financial markets, country risk or disruption in the operation of clearing systems). 
The Group becomes exposed to liquidity risk when the maturities of its assets and liabilities do not match. 
In particular, the Group may be exposed to increased liquidity risk as a result of its holdings of real estate 
mortgage loans, which are long-term assets and which are mostly financed by short-term and on-demand 
deposits. 
Maturity mismatches between the Group's assets and liabilities may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations if the Group is unable to obtain new 
deposits or find alternative sources of funding for existing and future loan and advance portfolios. 
In terms of current and short-term liquidity risk, if a substantial portion of the Bank's clients withdraw 
their demand deposits or do not roll over their term deposits on maturity, as would be the case with many 
other banks, the Bank's liquidity position may be adversely affected. Current liquidity may also be 
affected by unfavourable financial market conditions. If assets held by the Bank to provide liquidity 
become illiquid due to unforeseen financial market events or their value drops substantially, in such 
circumstances the Bank may not be able to meet its obligations as they become due and therefore may be 
forced to resort to interbank funding, which, in the event of an unstable market situation, may become 
excessively expensive and uncertain. In addition, the Bank's ability to use such external funding sources

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
is directly connected with the level of credit lines available to the Bank, and this in turn is dependent on 
the Bank's financial and credit condition, as well as general market liquidity. Additionally, existing 
collateral may no longer be eligible with the NBP. Further, the required haircuts may increase which 
would result in a reduced ability of the Bank to raise funds through the repurchase market from the NBP. 
A loss of liquidity or an inability to raise sufficient funds to finance its operations, particularly its lending 
operations, may have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of the Group's 
operations. 
The Group may not be able to hire, train or retain a sufficient number of qualified personnel. 
The success of the Group's business depends, among other things, on its ability to recruit and maintain 
qualified personnel. The Group is dependent on high-level management to implement its strategy and 
day-to-day operations. The Group endeavours to reduce the risk of losing key employees through various 
measures, including in particular through management and career development measures. Despite these 
measures, the Group may not succeed in attracting or retaining highly qualified employees in the future. 
In Poland, there is strong competition for qualified personnel specialised in banking and finance, 
especially at middle and upper management levels. Competition of this kind may increase the Group's 
personnel-related costs and make it difficult to recruit and offer incentives to qualified personnel. In 
addition, the Group's senior management or key employees of the Group's companies may resign or file a 
termination notice at any time, which could harm the relationships the Group's companies have developed 
with their customers. The Group's companies may not be able to retain such employees, and if they do 
resign, the Group's companies may not be able to replace them with persons of the same ability or 
experience. This could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of 
operations or prospects of the Group. 
The Group's IT systems may fail or their security may be compromised. 
The Group relies heavily on numerous IT systems for a variety of functions, including processing 
applications, providing information to customers, maintaining financial records and providing crucial 
financial and market data to the Bank's management board. In addition, the Group uses distribution 
channels based on an IT platform comprising online banking, mobile banking and call centres. 
The Group's activities involve the use and constant development of several IT platforms dedicated to the 
various segments of the Group. In particular, the business model of the Bank's retail segment, which 
involves offering banking services through an online transactional system and mobile applications, is 
significantly dependent on the availability, functionality and security of the Group's IT systems and, as a 
result of its high reliance on online platforms, it is also particularly exposed to third-party attacks via the 
internet. Malfunctions, in particular with respect to the use of and interactions between the Group's IT 
platforms, information leakages, service interruptions or similar events may affect the relationship 
between the Group and its customers. The Group constantly modifies and enhances the protective 
measures it takes to counteract these risks. Nevertheless, there is a risk that such measures may not be 
effective against all threats related to cyber-attacks, taking into account their varying nature and evolving 
sophistication. A successful attack could result in material losses of client or customer information, 
damage to computer systems and harm to the Group's reputation, and lead to regulatory penalties or 
financial losses. 
Moreover, programming errors and similar disruptions could impact the Group's ability to serve the needs 
of its customers on a timely basis, interrupt the Group's operations, damage the Group's reputation or 
require it to incur significant technical, legal and other expenses. In addition, the integrated IT system or 
upgraded information technology systems may fail to meet the needs of the Group's growing and 
changing business. 
Should some or all of these risks materialise, this may have an adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and results of the Group's operations. 
The Group stores and processes significant amounts of personal data and is exposed to a potential 
breach of personal data protection regulations. 
As part of its day-to-day operations, the Group stores and processes the personal data of its customers on 
a large scale. The storage and processing of personal data by the Group must comply with the laws

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
governing personal data protection. From May 2018, following the entry into force of the Regulation 
(EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 (the ''GDPR''), the obligations related to storage and processing of 
personal data have been substantially expanded. The GDPR imposes obligations and guidelines on 
companies in the management and processing of personal data. Administrative fines of up to EUR 20 
million, or 4 per cent. of a company's annual turnover, can be imposed for non-compliance with the 
GDPR. 
The Group implemented procedures to ensure compliance with the relevant data protection regulations by 
its employees and any third-party service providers and also implemented security measures to prevent 
cyber-theft. However, if the Group or any of its third-party service providers fail to store or transmit 
customer information in a secure manner, if any loss or wrongful processing of personal customer data 
were otherwise to occur, or if the Group fails to notify the regulator of personal data breaches, the Group 
could be subject to investigative and enforcement actions by the relevant regulatory authorities and could 
be subject to claims or complaints from the person to whom the data relates, or could face liability under 
data protection laws. Furthermore, any breaches of personal data protection laws may have an adverse 
effect on the reputation of the Group and as a consequence may have an adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The Bank is subject to environmental, social and governance risks that could adversely affect its 
reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
Regulators, investors and other market participants have been increasingly focusing on environmental, 
social and governance ("ESG") risks, in particular climate-related risks. The Bank is subject to such risks 
mainly through its credit portfolio and investments. In recognition of such risks, the Bank has 
implemented or is in the process of implementing a number of actions, including integrating ESG risks 
into its credit analysis and customer selection processes, enhancing sustainability policies and 
governance, and introducing various targets to reduce its fossil fuel exposure and to increase sustainable 
lending and investment activity. However, the Bank cannot guarantee that these actions will be effective 
in mitigating the relevant risks, nor can it make any assurances that its regulators, investors or other 
market participants will find its efforts to be sufficient. For example, the Bank may be required to 
terminate certain existing customer relationships as a result of potential exposure to ESG risks or may be 
subject to reputational damage if its measures are deemed to be insufficient. In addition, the increased 
focus on ESG matters may subject the Bank to increased regulatory scrutiny, new disclosure requirements 
or other additional costs, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
Risks relating to the Group and its relationship with BCP and its affiliates (the "BCP Group") 
BCP holds corporate control over the Bank. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Comercial Português S.A. (the ''BCP'') holds 607,771,505 
shares, representing 50.10 per cent. of the Bank's share capital, which gives BCP the right to exercise 
50.10 per cent. of the total number of votes at the Bank's General Meeting. 
BCP is able to exercise corporate control over the Bank due to its share in the capital of the Bank and in 
the total number of votes at the Bank's General Meeting. In particular, BCP has majority voting power at 
the Bank's General Meeting, and thus has a decisive voice regarding major corporate decisions, such as 
amendments of the Bank's Articles of Association, the issuance of new shares of the Bank, decreases in 
the Bank's share capital, the issuance of convertible bonds and the payment of dividends. In addition, 
BCP holds a sufficient number of votes to appoint a majority of members of the Bank's Supervisory 
Board, which, in turn, appoints the members of the Bank's Management Board. As a result, BCP has the 
ability to exercise considerable control over the Bank's operations. 
If there is a conflict between the interests of BCP and the interests of the Group, this could have an 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of the Group's operations. 
The Bank's shareholders are not required to support the Bank. 
The Bank is an independent entity from its principal shareholder, i.e. BCP. BCP is not obliged to provide 
support and finance to the Group in the future, in particular to subscribe for newly issued shares in any 
future equity offering or to ensure debt financing for the Group. If the Bank needs further equity

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
injections or debt financing, or if a significant decrease in BCP's shareholding in the Bank in the future 
were to occur, the lack of financial support from BCP may have a negative reputational effect on the 
Group. A loss of control over the Bank by BCP in the future might also lead to negative consequences 
resulting from the agreements (if any) based on which the Group obtained debt financing, in particular the 
potential necessity to repay such debt financing earlier, should BCP cease to be the Bank's majority 
shareholder. The occurrence of any of these situations may have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Litigation, administrative or other proceedings or actions may adversely affect the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Due to the nature of its business, the Group may be exposed to a risk of court, administrative or other 
proceedings being instituted against it by customers, employees, shareholders and other persons in 
connection with its business. 
The outcome of litigation or similar proceedings or actions is difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs in 
these types of actions against the Bank or the Group's companies may seek recovery in large or 
indeterminate amounts or other remedies that may affect the ability of the Bank or the Group companies 
to conduct their business, and the magnitude of the potential losses relating to such actions may remain 
unknown for substantial periods of time. The costs of defending future actions may be significant. There 
may also be negative publicity associated with litigation against particular Group companies that could 
damage the reputation of the Group or the particular Group companies concerned, regardless of whether 
the allegations are valid or whether the Group is ultimately found liable. 
As a result, litigation, administrative and other proceedings may adversely affect the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. As at 31 December 2023, the value of the Group's provisions 
for legal claims not related to the legal risk of foreign currency mortgage loans was PLN 47.8 million and 
as at 30 June 2024 it was PLN 48.0 million. 
Risks related to legal and regulatory environment 
The Bank and the Group may be unable to satisfy its or their required minimum capital adequacy 
ratios or minimum requirement for eligible liabilities.  
Increasing capital requirements constitute one of the Bank's main regulatory challenges and they may 
adversely affect the Bank's profitability. In addition, there would be significant operational and regulatory 
risk in the event of any possibility of failure to maintain required capital levels. 
The adequacy assessment of the Group's capital base (including, among others, the calculation of capital 
ratios and the leverage ratio, own funds and the total capital requirement and minimum requirement for 
own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL")) is made according to a number of European and Polish 
regulations, including the Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms (as amended, the ''Capital Requirements Directive'') and Regulation 
(EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 with further 
amendments on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 (as amended, the ''CRR'' and, together with the Capital Requirements 
Directive, the ''CRD''). 
The CRD introduced a number of fundamental reforms to the regulatory capital framework for 
internationally active banks, the principal elements of which were set out in Basel III. 
The minimum levels of mandatory capital adequacy ratios applicable to the Bank are described in 
Description of the Group – Capital Management. On the date of this Base Prospectus, the capital 
adequacy ratios reported by the Bank, except for the additional Pillar 2 Guidance, were above the 
minimum levels required by KNF on both the individual and consolidated levels. However, certain 
developments could affect the Group's ability to continue to satisfy the minimum capital adequacy 
requirements, including: 
• 
an increase in the Group's total risk exposure amount as a result of the rapid expansion of its 
business or depreciation of the PLN against the foreign currencies in which a part of the Group's 
assets are denominated;

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
• 
deterioration of asset quality leading to a higher level of regulatory expected loss, which would 
cause an increased amount of capital deductions; 
• 
the Bank's ability to raise capital; 
• 
losses resulting from an increase in legal risk provisions and costs, a deterioration in the Group's 
asset quality, a reduction in income levels, an increase in expenses or a combination of all of the 
above; 
• 
a decline in the values of the Group's securities portfolio; 
• 
changes in accounting rules or in the guidelines regarding, among others, the calculation of the 
regulatory risk parameters and calculation of the capital adequacy ratios of banks; and 
• 
additional capital requirements or changes in the minimum capital requirements imposed by the 
Bank's regulator. 
In addition, the Group may be required to raise additional capital if the applicable regulations or the 
regulators supervising the Group increase the minimum capital ratios applicable to the Group. For 
example, the coming into force of the Regulation (EU) 2024/1623 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 31 May 2024 (so called "CRR 3") and a recent announcement by the Polish Ministry of 
Finance that the counter-cyclical buffer for Polish banks will be reinstated may require the Group to raise 
additional capital. The Group's ability to raise additional capital may be limited by numerous factors, 
including: 
• 
the Group's future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; 
• 
any necessary government regulatory approvals; 
• 
the financial condition of the Bank's majority shareholder and the legal and regulatory 
requirements imposed on the Bank's majority shareholder; 
• 
financial market disruptions; 
• 
the Bank's credit rating; 
• 
general market conditions for capital-raising activities by commercial banks and other financial 
institutions; and 
• 
domestic and international economic, political and other conditions. 
A breach of existing laws relating to minimum capital adequacy ratios or the Group's MREL ratios may 
result in entities in the Group being subject to administrative sanctions, which may result in an increase in 
the operating costs of the Group, loss of reputation, and may, consequently, have an adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition and results of the Group's operations. The Group may also be subject to 
restrictions on its ability to pay discretionary distributions to holders of Tier 1 capital which may have an 
adverse effect on the Group's ability to raise capital or funding to support its operations. 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive implemented into Polish law may adversely affect the 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
Based on the reform measures developed by the Financial Stability Board (Effective Resolution of 
Systemically Important Financial Institutions) and Basel III, the European Parliament and the Council of 
the European Union adopted the BRRD. The aim of the BRRD is to minimise the burden on taxpayers in 
the event of failures on the part of banks to meet their obligations while ensuring that shareholders and 
creditors bear the costs thereof. 
Under the BRRD, the resolution authorities are vested with the necessary powers to apply resolution tools 
to institutions that meet the applicable conditions for resolution. The resolution tools include, inter alia, 
the instrument of "bail-in", which gives resolution authorities the power to write down the claims of the 
unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert debt claims to equity without the consent of the 
creditors. The resolution authorities are also vested with the power to write down "relevant capital

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
instruments" in full and on a permanent basis or to convert them in full into Common Equity Tier 1 
instruments before any resolution action is taken if and when one or more specific circumstances apply, 
such as the determination by the relevant resolution authority that the institution meets the conditions for 
resolution and that the institution concerned has reached the point of "non-viability". A write-down 
follows the allocation of losses and in reverse order to the order in which claims are settled in bankruptcy 
proceedings so that equity absorbs the losses in full before any debt claim is subject to write-down. 
Under the BRRD, the costs of resolution are to be borne by the banking sector. The Member States 
should set up their own financing arrangements funded with contributions from banks and investment 
firms made by those entities proportionally to their liabilities and risk profile. Banks ought to contribute 
annually in relation to their share of specific liabilities in the total size of the national financial sector to 
reach a target funding level of at least 1 per cent. of deposits (over a ten-year period). If the ex-ante funds 
are insufficient to cover the resolution of a financial institution, further contributions will be raised ex-
post. 
The relevant regulations of the BRRD were implemented in Poland under the Act dated 10 June 2016 on 
the Bank Guarantee Fund, the Deposit Guarantee Scheme and Mandatory Restructuring (the ''Act on the 
Bank Guarantee Fund''). The Act on the Bank Guarantee Fund modified the legal framework of the 
deposit guarantee scheme in Poland operated by the Bank Guarantee Fund (in Polish: Bankowy Fundusz 
Gwarancyjny, ''BGF'') and developed a framework allowing for the orderly resolution of financial 
institutions. The Act on the Bank Guarantee Fund also repealed the existing restructuring and support 
measures under Polish law to bring the relevant provisions in line with the BRRD framework. In this 
respect, the Act on the Bank Guarantee Fund amended several other related legal acts, including 
legislation on financial instruments, insolvency, financial market supervision and recapitalisation of 
financial institutions. The Bank must comply with the Act on the Bank Guarantee Fund and has adjusted 
its operations to comply with the new requirements. 
The introduction of the new regulations and the resulting changes in the regulatory requirements may 
have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Changes to or an increase in the regulation of the financial services and banking industry in Poland 
and internationally could have an adverse effect on the Group's business. 
Regulations governing the banking and financial services industries in Poland and internationally are 
likely to increase, particularly in the current market environment where supervisors have recently moved 
to tighten regulations governing financial institutions. As a result of these and other ongoing and possible 
future changes in the financial services regulatory landscape (including requirements imposed on the 
Group as a result of governmental or regulatory initiatives, such as the recommendations of the European 
Banking Authority, the European Central Bank or other bodies of the European Union, the 
recommendations of the KNF, new or updated regulations from the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision or regulations issued by the Polish General Inspector for Financial Information regarding the 
prevention of money laundering and the financing of terrorism), the Group may face more onerous 
regulatory requirements in Poland. Compliance with such changes may increase its capital requirements 
and costs, heighten disclosure requirements, hinder its ability to enter into or carry out certain types of 
transactions, affect the Group's strategy and limit or require modification of the rates or fees that it 
charges on certain loan and other products, any of which could lower the return ratio on its investments, 
assets and equity. The Group may thus face increased compliance costs and limitations on its ability to 
pursue certain business opportunities. 
As a result of new recommendations from the KNF, as well as other possible changes in existing 
recommendations and the issuance of new recommendations affecting supervision, the Bank may become 
subject to more onerous and strict supervision, increased capital adequacy requirements, changes in its 
risk model and risk management or be required to incur additional costs, and could be subject to 
restrictions on certain types of transactions. For example, on 15 July 2024, the KNF approved a 
recommendation concerning a "long-term financing ratio". The purpose of this recommendation is to 
encourage Polish banks to increase the share of long-term debt instruments, including covered bonds, in 
their financing structure. According to the KNF, changing the banks' financing structure will reduce the 
maturity mismatch between banks' assets and liabilities. The Bank is not yet able to assess how this 
recommendation will affect the Bank and the Group. However, it is possible that because of an increased 
supply of debt securities issued by Polish financial institutions, the Group may in the future have 
difficulties in placing its own debt securities on less favourable terms than it has done historically.

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
The occurrence of any of the above-mentioned factors may affect the Group's strategy, its growth 
potential, its fees and commissions and profit margins and, consequently, could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Bank may be required to make substantial mandatory contributions, including contributions to the 
Bank Guarantee Fund and the Borrowers' Support Fund. 
Under the provisions of the Act on the Bank Guarantee Fund, the Bank is a member of a mandatory 
guarantee scheme and is obliged to contribute to a deposit guarantee fund and a resolution fund. 
Since 2017, the amount of contributions to the bank guarantee fund and the resolution fund is calculated 
by the BGF individually for each bank. Contributions to the deposit guarantee fund are paid quarterly. 
The basis for calculating contributions for a given quarter is the value of the covered deposits in a bank, at 
the end of the quarter immediately preceding the quarter to which the contribution relates. Contributions 
to the banks' resolution funds are paid once a year. The basis for calculating contributions is the sum of a 
bank's liabilities (net of own funds and covered deposits) as at the last approved annual financial 
statements before 31 December of the year preceding the year of contribution and the institution's risk 
profile, taking into account the risk assessment in the areas of risk exposure, stability and diversity of 
funding sources, importance of the institution to the stability of the financial system or the economy, and 
additional indicators defined at the national level. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the value of the Group's BGF contribution for both funds 
amounted to PLN 60.0 million, compared with PLN 121.1 million in 2022. Additionally, in 2022 the 
Bank contributed PLN 276 million to the institutional protection scheme established by the Bank and 
seven other Polish commercial banks. The Bank made no contributions to the institutional protection 
scheme in 2023. 
Due to the relatively large scale of the Bank's operations, if a member of the mandatory guarantee scheme 
were to declare bankruptcy, the Bank may be obliged to make additional payments to the BGF. 
The Group may fail to comply with, or be subject to changes in, certain regulatory requirements 
applicable to banking and other regulated business, or with the guidelines set forth by the financial 
supervisory authorities on the markets where the Group is present. 
Apart from its banking operations, the Group also renders other regulated financial services and offers 
transactional banking products, products relating to the market for financial instruments and insurance 
products that are subject to the supervision of the KNF, the authority supervising financial markets, 
including the banking sector in Poland and other relevant authorities in the jurisdictions where it operates. 
The scope of supervision and regulation of these products and services is also dependent on directives and 
regulations issued by European regulatory authorities. 
The increasing number and ambiguity of certain regulatory requirements, and their application to the 
Group in the markets where the Group is present, together with changes to the regulatory requirements 
and guidelines, has placed an increased burden on the Bank and other Group entities to amend their 
internal policies and procedures to meet the requirements of the competent supervisory authorities and 
EU directives and regulations, which in some cases may have led to instances of non-compliance of the 
Bank and other Group entities. In addition, the requirements and obligations stemming from different 
jurisdictions and the application thereof may be unclear and contradictory and in some cases may have 
led to instances of non-compliance by the Bank and other Group entities. 
In particular, the EU Directive (EU) 2021/2167 on credit servicers and credit purchasers will have an 
impact on trading, investment and securitisation transactions involving non-performing loans. The 
directive regulates the sale, purchase and servicing of non-performing loans originated by EU banks, such 
as the Bank. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, this directive has not been implemented into Polish 
law and the Government is working on the draft legislation implementing it. Therefore, it remains unclear 
what the scope of the final requirements will be and how these will be implemented by the Bank. 
Uncertainty with regard to the new rules and guidelines during the period in which they are implemented 
in the jurisdictions relevant to the Group, as well as potential further changes to European or Polish 
banking regulations, may impact the Group's ability to access capital or carry out certain business 
activities.

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
A failure to satisfy these requirements may expose the Bank or other Group entities to sanctions, fines 
and other penalties, which may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and 
results of the Group's operations. 
The KNF, the General Inspector for Financial Information or the Office for Competition and 
Consumer Protection may identify issues during inspections of the Bank in the future which, if not 
adequately resolved by the Bank, may result in sanctions, fines or other penalties. 
In the course of its activities, the Group is subject to numerous inspections, reviews, audits and 
explanatory proceedings conducted by various supervisors who oversee the financial services sector and 
other areas in which the Group operates, including the KNF, the General Inspector for Financial 
Information and the Office for Competition and Consumer Protection. Each year, the Bank is subject to 
various types of supervisory interactions in the form of inspections and other control activities. 
Recommendations issued by the supervisory authorities as a result of these activities are implemented in 
accordance with the schedules declared by the Bank and accepted by the supervisory authorities.  
If any irregularities are found by these supervisory authorities and the Bank fails to remedy them 
(provided that such possibility is given) the Bank may be exposed to sanctions, fines and other penalties 
as prescribed by the Act dated 29 August 1997 Banking Law (the "Banking Law"), anti-money 
laundering and consumer protection regulations. This could affect the business, financial condition and 
results of the Group's operations. 
Interpretation of Polish tax law regulations may be unclear and Polish tax laws and regulations may 
change. 
The Polish tax system is subject to frequent changes. Some provisions of Polish tax law are ambiguous 
and often there is no unanimous or uniform interpretation of law or uniform practice by the tax 
authorities. Because of different interpretations of Polish tax law, the risk connected with Polish tax law 
may be greater than that under other tax jurisdictions in more developed markets. The Bank cannot 
guarantee that the Polish tax authorities will not take a different, unfavourable, interpretation of tax 
provisions implemented by the Bank or any Group member, which may have an adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
RISKS RELATED TO NOTES  
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
Potential investors should also note that if "Issuer Call (Clean-up Call)" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as applicable, and if at any time the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the 
relevant Series is 25 per cent. (or such other amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms) or less of 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of that Series originally issued (which shall for this purpose 
include any further Notes of such Series issued pursuant to Condition 17 (Further Issues), the Issuer may 
then redeem all (but not some only) of the remaining outstanding Notes of that Series at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Clean-up Call) specified in the relevant Final Terms together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At such times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed, and may only be able to

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a 
conversion, this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may 
be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer 
converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes may be less favourable than the prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the 
same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may 
be lower than the prevailing market rates. 
Risks relating to Reset Notes. 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if 
any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First 
Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a "Subsequent Reset Rate"). The Subsequent Reset 
Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate for 
prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared with more conventional interest-bearing securities 
having comparable maturities. 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to or referencing "benchmarks" 
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such benchmarks. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (the ''EURIBOR'') and other interest rates or other types of rates and 
indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international 
regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others 
are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the 
past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised or registered. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the EUWA (the ''UK Benchmarks Regulation'') applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution 
of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in 
the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or 
registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation or UK Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) 
have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate 
or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, 
or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of 
certain ''benchmarks''. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank 
announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a 
"risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a 
variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group 
on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate (''€STR'') as the new risk-free rate for 
the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has 
subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains 
uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or 
replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the 
Conditions or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including 
Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is 
subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the 
nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect 
such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes (linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in 
whole or in part) upon, a benchmark), the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for 
securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide that, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event or 
Benchmark Transition Event, certain fallback arrangements will apply, which may affect the 
calculation of interest amounts. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor 
service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined 
in the Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the issue date for a Series of Notes. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of 
interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or 
alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a 
relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the 
replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may 
not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain 
circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent 
Adviser (as defined in the Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time.

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.  
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes. 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average (''SONIA''), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (''SOFR'') and the euro short-term rate (''€STR''), as reference rates for 
Eurobonds continues to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the 
development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such 
rates, but also to how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates 
issued under this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the 
SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in 
terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this 
Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity 
or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free 
rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies (including ''shift'', ''lag'', and 
''lock-out'' methodologies) have been used in risk-free rate notes issued to date. No assurance can be given 
that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the 
Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, market participants and relevant working 
groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including various ways to 
produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation 
of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different 
measures of such risk-free rates.  
If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price 
of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are 
more widely used. The development of overnight rates as interest reference rates for the bond markets and 
the market infrastructure for adopting such rates could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or 
could otherwise adversely affect the market price of any such Notes issued under the Programme from 
time to time. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices.  
Risk-free rates may differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects and have a 
limited history. 
Risk-free rates may differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects. These include 
(without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted 
average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank 
offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a 
risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may 
behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. 
Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 
3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in 
comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that 
reason, future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical 
performance. The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to 
historical levels. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to 
such rates such as correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical 
performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on 
any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of 
being determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for 
investors in Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which 
will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes 
without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. 
Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking 
rates become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default or are otherwise redeemed early on a date 
which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes 
shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the 
Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could 
change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR or any related index. 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their 
successors) as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR 
Compounded Index) or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change 
the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such 
risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices. In 
addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR or any related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on 
the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when 
calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate.' 
Notes issued as Green Bonds with a specific use of proceeds, may not meet investor expectations or 
requirements 
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it is the Issuer's intention to 
apply an amount, which at the Issue Date of the relevant Notes, is equal to the net proceeds of the issue of 
such Notes for Eligible Assets Portfolio. A prospective investor should have regard to the information set 
out in the section "Use of Proceeds" and determine for itself the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of an investment in such Notes together with any other investigation it deems necessary.  
No assurance is given by the Issuer that such use of proceeds will satisfy whether in whole or in part any 
present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to 
comply, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any 
project or uses, the subject of or related to, the Green Bond Framework (including in relation to the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, 
SFDR, and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United 
Kingdom). 
No assurance can be given that Eligible Projects will meet investor expectations or requirements 
regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including in relation to the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, 
SFDR, and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United 
Kingdom) or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time. Any Green Bond 
issued under the Programme will not be compliant with the EU Green Bond Regulation and is only

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
intended to comply with the requirements and processes in the Green Bond Framework. It is not clear if 
the establishment under the EU Green Bond Regulation of the "EuGB" label and the optional disclosures 
regime for bonds issued as "environmentally sustainable" could have an impact on investor demand for, 
and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds that do not comply with the requirements of the "EuGB" label 
or the optional disclosures regime, such as the Green Bonds issued under this Programme. It could result 
in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the market price of any Green Bonds 
issued under this Programme that do not comply with those standards proposed under the EU Green Bond 
Regulation. 
The Green Bond Framework is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Base Prospectus. The Issuer's Green Bond Framework may be amended at any time without the consent 
of Noteholders and the Issuer and the Dealers do not assume any obligation or responsibility to release 
any update or revision to the Green Bond Framework and/or information to reflect events or 
circumstances after the date of publication of the Green Bond Framework. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Notes issued 
as Green Bonds to financing Eligible Assets Portfolio and to report on the use of proceeds as described in 
the Green Framework (and "Use of Proceeds", below), there is no contractual obligation to do so. There 
can be no assurance that any assets which could be included in the Eligible Assets Portfolio will be 
available and, accordingly, that the Issuer will be able to use an amount equal to the net proceeds of the 
issue of such Green Bonds for financing the Eligible Assets Portfolio as intended. 
The Issuer does not undertake to ensure that there are at any time sufficient assets that could be included 
in the Eligible Assets Portfolio to allow for allocation of an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue 
of such Green Bonds in full. In addition, an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of any Green 
Bonds which, from time to time, are not allocated as funding for Eligible Assets Portfolio is intended by 
the Issuer to be held pending allocation. 
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in Green Bond Framework and the 
relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from their independent financial 
adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of any Green Bonds before deciding to invest. 
The Green Bond Framework may be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ 
from any description given in this Base Prospectus. The Green Bond Framework does not form part of, 
nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or 
certification of any third party relating to any Green Bonds 
The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations is a 
statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation or assurance is given by the Issuer as to 
the suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion or certification of any third party 
made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. The Second Party Opinion 
and any other such opinion or certification is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of 
any investment in any Note, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference 
or suitability of any security or any other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. The Second Party 
Opinion and any other opinion or certification is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any such 
Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued.  
The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion and any other such 
opinion or certification may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn at any time. Any withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion or 
any other opinion or certification may have a material adverse effect on the value of any Green Bonds in 
respect of which such opinion or certification is given and /or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. The 
Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any of their respective 
affiliates or the provider of any such opinion or certification for the contents of any such opinion or 
certification. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein. The Second Party Opinion and any other such 
opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
No assurance that Green Bonds will be admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "sustainable", 
"social" (or similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, or that any admission obtained will be 
maintained 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", 
"social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given that such listing or admission satisfies any present or future 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor is required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, 
it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock 
exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
Green Bonds are not linked to the performance of the Eligible Assets Portfolio, do not benefit from any 
arrangements to enhance the performance of the Notes or any contractual rights or protections derived 
solely from the intended use of proceeds of such Notes 
The performance of Green Bonds is not linked to the performance of the Eligible Assets Portfolio or the 
performance of the Issuer in respect of any environmental or similar targets. There will be no segregation 
of assets and liabilities in respect of the Green Bonds and the Eligible Assets Portfolio. Consequently, 
neither payments of principal and/or interest on the Green Bonds nor any rights of Noteholders shall 
depend on the performance of the Eligible Assets Portfolio Projects or the performance of the Issuer in 
respect of any such environmental or similar targets. Holders of any Green Bonds shall have no 
preferential rights or priority against any assets in the Eligible Assets Portfolio nor benefit from any 
arrangements to enhance the performance of the Notes. 
In addition, none of a failure by the Issuer to allocate the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or 
to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible Assets Portfolio as anticipated or a failure of a third party to 
issue (or to withdraw) an opinion or certification in connection with an issue of Green Bonds or the 
failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet investors' expectations requirements regarding any 
"green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels or any Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to 
trading on any stock exchange or securities market or any particular segment of any exchange or market 
as described above and/or any failure by the Issuer to provide or publish any reporting or any impact 
assessment on the use of proceeds (or amounts equivalent thereto) from any issue of Green Bonds will 
(i)give rise to any claim by a Holder of Notes against the Issuer or the Dealers; (ii) constitute an Event of 
Default or a breach or default under the terms of the relevant Green Bonds or breach of contract with 
respect to any Green Bonds; (iii) give a right to a Holder of Notes to request the early redemption or 
acceleration of the relevant Green Bonds; (iv) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem the Bonds, or 
be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights 
in respect of any Green Bonds; (v) affect the qualification of any Bonds as eligible liabilities or own 
funds instruments (as applicable), in each case for the purposes of, and in accordance with, Applicable 
Banking Regulations; (vi) otherwise affect or impede the ability of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of 
such Green Bonds to cover losses; or (vii) result in any step-up or increased payments of interest 
,principal or any other amounts, as applicable in respect of any Green Bonds, or otherwise affect the 
terms and conditions of any Green Bonds. 
If any of the above risks outlined above materialise this may have a material adverse effect on the value 
of such Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
green assets (which consequences may include the need to sell the Notes as a result of the Notes not 
falling within the investor's investment criteria or mandate). 
Green Bonds which are Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes are subject to the regulatory treatment of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, as applicable. Green Bonds 
may be Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, with a specific use of proceeds. As such, 
they are issued on the terms and conditions applicable to the relevant category of Notes respectively, as 
set out in this Base Prospectus and completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
The Green Bonds that are intended to qualify as eligible liabilities for the purposes of MREL (in the case 
of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes) or Tier 2 Capital (in

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) for the purposes of, and in accordance with the eligibility criteria 
and requirements of, the Applicable Banking Regulations will be fully subject to the application of CRR 
eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments and will be 
subject to the bail-in tool and to write down and conversion powers and, in general, to the powers that 
may be exercised by the Relevant Resolution Authority, to the same extent and with the same ranking as 
any other equivalent Notes which are not Green Bonds. Neither the Green Bonds nor the proceeds of 
issue of the Green Bonds will be afforded any special treatment or enhanced protections as a result of 
them being Green Bonds. As such, the proceeds of issue of any Green Bonds will be fully available to 
cover any and all losses arising on the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their "green", 
"sustainability linked", "social" or other similar label and of whether the losses stem from "green", 
"sustainability linked", "social" assets or other assets of the Issuer without any such label. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Notes may be required to absorb losses as a result of statutory powers conferred on the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
The Noteholders are subject to the risk that the Notes may be required to absorb losses as a result of 
statutory powers conferred on the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
The BRRD contains various resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination 
where the Relevant Resolution Authority considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) 
there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of 
such relevant entity within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. 
The powers provided to the Relevant Resolution Authority under the BRRD include, among others, a 
statutory write-down and conversion power that can be used to ensure that tier 1 and tier 2 subordinated 
capital instruments (which could include Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) fully absorb losses at the point of 
non-viability of an institution or its group and before any resolution action is taken. There is also a 
separate resolution tool, the "bail-in tool", which gives the Relevant Resolution Authority the power to 
permanently write-down all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain unsecured 
liabilities (including Notes) and to convert certain unsecured debt claims (including Notes) to equity, 
which equity could also be subject to any future write-down. The bail-in tool can be used to recapitalise 
an institution that is failing or likely to fail, allowing authorities to restructure it through the resolution 
process and restore its viability after reorganisation and restructuring. Under the BRRD the point of non-
viability of a resolution entity is the point at which the relevant resolution authority determines that the 
resolution entity or its group: (i) meets conditions for resolution; or (ii) will no longer be viable unless the 
relevant instruments (such as Notes issued under the Programme) are written down or converted into 
equity; (iii) requires extraordinary public financial support in any case other than to remedy a serious 
disturbance in the economy of an EEA member state and to preserve financial stability; or (iv) infringes 
or, in the near future, will infringe its consolidated prudential requirements in a way that would justify 
action by the resolution authority.  
In addition, the powers granted to the Relevant Resolution Authority under the BRRD include the 
following resolution tools: (i) to direct the sale of the relevant financial institution or the whole or part of 
its business on commercial terms without requiring the consent of the shareholders or compliance with 
the procedural requirements that would otherwise apply, (ii) to transfer all or part of the business of the 
relevant financial institution to a "bridge bank" (a publicly controlled entity), and (iii) to transfer the 
assets of the relevant financial institution to an asset management vehicle to allow them to be managed 
over time. The BRRD also grants powers to enable the Relevant Resolution Authority to implement the 
resolution tools, including the power to replace or substitute the relevant financial institution as obligor in 
respect of debt instruments, the power to modify the terms of debt instruments (including altering the 
maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), 
and/or the power to discontinue the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. Any 
application of the "bail-in" power shall be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal 
insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on Noteholders will depend on their 
ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority given to other creditors such as 
depositors. 
As a result, the BRRD contemplates that resolution authorities may require the permanent write-down of 
such capital instruments (which write-down may be in full) or the conversion of them into Common 
Equity Tier 1 instruments at the point of non-viability (which Common Equity Tier 1 instruments may

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool described above) and before any other bail-in 
or resolution tool can be used. The application of any non-viable loss-absorption measure may result in 
Noteholders losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of any such power may be inherently 
unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may be outside the Issuer's control.  
While the BRRD provides for compensation to be paid to certain creditors (which may in certain cases be 
given in the form of equity shares) who receive less in a resolution of a relevant entity than they would 
have received had that entity been allowed to enter into normal insolvency proceedings (known as the ''no 
creditor worse off'' or ''NCWO'' protection), there can be no guarantee that any Noteholder or 
Couponholder will be eligible to receive compensation for any losses in respect of their Notes, or that any 
compensation received will cover their losses on their Notes in full and there can be no assurance that any 
such Noteholder or Couponholder would recover such compensation promptly. Additionally, under the 
Act on the Bank Guarantee Fund it is not clear if the "no creditor worse off" protection applies to an 
application of the write-down and conversion power outside of resolution proceedings. 
The exercise of such mandatory write-down and conversion powers under the BRRD or any suggestion of 
such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of holders of debt securities issued by 
the Issuer, the price or value of their investment and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations 
under such debt securities. 
Under the terms of the Notes, investors will agree to be bound by and consent to the exercise of any 
bail-in power. 
The Notes may be subject to the exercise, in the future, of a bail-in power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority and the Notes include a contractual consent to the application of the bail-in power and, 
consequently, investors may lose part or all of their investment in the Notes (see Condition 20 
(Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers). 
By acquiring Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by (a) the 
effect of the exercise of any bail-in power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that may include and 
result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the 
principal amount of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other outstanding amounts due under, or in 
respect of, the Notes; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or any interest on, 
the Notes or any other outstanding amounts due under, or in respect of, the Notes into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the 
Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification 
or variation of the terms of the Notes; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes; and (iv) the amendment or 
alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or 
the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
and (b) the variation of the terms of the Notes, if necessary, to give effect to the exercise of any bail-in 
power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. The exercise of any such powers or any suggestion of, or 
perception of there being an increased likelihood of, such exercise could materially adversely affect the 
rights of Noteholders, the price or value of the Notes or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations 
under the Notes. 
Remedies in case of default in respect of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior 
Subordinated Notes or in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes are severely limited.  
The Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes will contain limited enforcement events relating to:  
(i) 
non-payment by the Issuer of any amounts due under the Notes. In such circumstances, as 
described in more detail in Condition 10.3 (Events of Default relating to Senior MREL Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) of the 
Conditions and subject as provided below, a Noteholder may prove or claim in the bankruptcy or 
liquidation of the Issuer; and  
(ii) 
the bankruptcy or the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer, whether in Poland or any other 
relevant jurisdiction. In such circumstances, as described in more detail in in Condition 10.3 
(Events of Default relating to Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) of the Conditions, a Noteholder may declare

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
its Notes to be due and payable at their principal amount (or such other redemption amount as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), and prove or claim in the bankruptcy or 
liquidation of the Issuer. However, in each case, the Noteholder, may claim payment in respect 
of such Note only in the winding up or liquidation or, as the case may be, bankruptcy or 
liquidation of the Issuer. 
In either case however, Noteholders will not have any rights to petition for the bankruptcy or liquidation 
of the Issuer under Polish law, as only the KNF and the BGF are authorised to file an insolvency 
application concerning a Polish bank. Noteholders are therefore dependent upon action being taken by a 
third party before they have any right to declare their Notes due and payable or have any ability to prove 
or claim in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the Issuer's option for taxation reasons or upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event or an MREL Disqualification Event, subject to certain 
conditions. 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due 
to any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Poland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax (a ''Tax Jurisdiction''), the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all outstanding 
Notes in whole, but not in part, in accordance with the Conditions. Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes (as applicable) may also 
redeemed for taxation reasons if the Issuer would not be entitled to claim a deduction in computing 
taxation liabilities in any Tax Jurisdiction in respect of any payment of interest to be made on the Notes 
on the next payment date due under the Notes or the value of such deduction to the Issuer would be 
materially reduced. In each case, the Issuer may only redeem such Notes (i) if such additional payment or 
inability to claim a tax deduction (as applicable) occurs or the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is 
materially affected as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of any Tax 
Jurisdiction, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
first Tranche of the Notes; and (ii) in the case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, only if so permitted by the Applicable Banking 
Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) then in force and 
subject to the prior consent of the Competent Authority if and as applicable (if such permission is 
required), as further described in Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons). 
Furthermore, if a Capital Disqualification Event occurs as a result of a change (or any pending change 
which the Competent Authority considers sufficiently certain) in Polish law or law of any other relevant 
jurisdiction, Applicable Banking Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation 
thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer may redeem all, and not some only, of 
any Series of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes subject to such redemption being permitted by the Applicable 
Banking Regulations then in force and subject to the prior consent of the Competent Authority if and as 
applicable (if such permission is required), as further described in Condition 7.3 (Early Redemption due 
to Capital Disqualification Event). 
If an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing as a result of a change in Applicable 
Banking Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective 
on or after the Issue Date, Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes 
or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, 
subject to such redemption being permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) then in force, and subject to the prior consent of the 
Competent Authority if and as applicable (if such permission is required), as further described in 
Condition 7.4 (Early Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event). 
In respect of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, the regulatory conditions include the requirement under CRD 
that, if such Notes are to be redeemed during the first five years after the issuance of the relevant Series of 
such Notes, the Issuer must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the event 
triggering such redemption was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issue of the Notes and, in the 
case of an early redemption relating to the tax treatment of the Notes, that the change in tax treatment is 
material and, in the case of an early redemption relating to a Capital Disqualification Event, that such 
change is sufficiently certain. These foreseeability and materiality conditions to redemption contained in

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
CRD only apply to a redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes occurring in the first five years after the 
issue date of the relevant Series of such Notes and, therefore, an issuer of regulatory capital securities, 
such as the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, could opt to redeem such Notes for tax or regulatory reasons after 
such fifth anniversary, including based upon an event that occurred within the first five years of issue. 
There can therefore be no assurances that Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will not be called for tax or 
regulatory reasons prior to any specified optional call date.  
Where the Issuer has the right to redeem Notes, it may be more likely to do so when its cost of borrowing 
is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Under certain circumstances, the Issuer's ability to redeem or repurchase the Notes may be limited. 
The CRD or BRRD, as applicable, prescribes certain conditions for the granting of permission by the 
Competent Authority to a request by the Issuer to redeem or repurchase the Notes prior to their stated 
maturity date. Those conditions include the following: (i) before such redemption the Notes shall be 
replaced with own funds or eligible liabilities of equal or higher quality; (ii) the Issuer shall demonstrate 
to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that following such redemption own funds or eligible 
liabilities of the Issuer exceed the requirements specified in the CRD and/or BRRD by at least the margin 
the Competent Authority considers necessary; or (iii) the Issuer shall demonstrate to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that the partial or full replacement of the Notes constituting the eligible liabilities 
with instruments classified as own funds is necessary to ensure compliance with capital requirements 
applicable to the Issuer. The Issuer may redeem or repurchase the Notes prior to their stated maturity date 
only if such redemption or repurchase is in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and it 
has been granted the approval of or permission from the Competent Authority and any other requirements 
of the Applicable Banking Regulations applicable to such redemptions or repurchases at the time have 
been complied with by the Issuer. The rules under CRD and/or BRRD may be modified from time to time 
after the Issue Date of the Notes.  
Some Notes may be subordinated to most of the Issuer's liabilities. 
If Notes are subordinated or senior non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, and the Issuer is declared 
insolvent and/or a winding up is initiated, claims in respect of such Notes will rank as described in the 
Conditions and the Issuer will be required to pay certain of its other creditors in full before it can make 
any payments on such Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these 
payments to pay amounts due under its subordinated or senior non-preferred Notes. Investors in such 
Notes could therefore lose some or all of their investment should the Issuer become insolvent or should 
the Notes become subject to the exercise of bail in and loss-absorption powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. 
The terms of the Notes may contain a no set-off clause. 
The Conditions provide that there is no set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising 
directly or indirectly under or in connection with any Note against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer 
has or may have or acquire against any Noteholder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising. As a result 
Noteholders would not at any time be entitled to set off the Issuer's obligations under the Notes against 
obligations owed by them to the Issuer. 
Notes may be subject to substitution and modification without Noteholder consent. 
To the extent that Condition 11 (Substitution and Variation) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable to the Notes provisions relating to the substitution or variation of the Notes, in certain 
circumstances, such as if a Capital Disqualification Event, an MREL Disqualification Event, or a 
circumstance giving rise to the right of the Issuer to redeem the Notes for taxation reasons under 
Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) occurs and is continuing or to ensure the enforceability or 
effectiveness of Condition 20 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), the Issuer may 
substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or modify the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, to ensure that such substituted or

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
varied Notes continue to qualify as Tier 2 Subordinated Notes or towards the Issuer's MREL 
Requirements, as applicable. 
While the Issuer cannot make changes to the terms of the Notes that, in its reasonable opinion, are 
materially less favourable to a Noteholder of such Note, there can be no assurances as to whether any of 
these changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty 
consequences of holding such varied Notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from 
the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the Notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in 
a manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Issuer may, with the consent of the Agent, but, without 
the consent of Noteholders: (i) amend the Conditions of the Notes to correct a manifest error, cure any 
ambiguity or cure, correct or supplement any defective provision contained therein, or (ii) amend the 
Conditions of the Notes in any manner which is not materially prejudicial to the interests of holders of 
such Notes, or (iii) substitute for itself another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of 
the Issuer, as more fully described in Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and 
Substitution). 
In addition, certain changes may be made to the interest calculation provisions of the Notes in the 
circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent of the 
Noteholders. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in law. 
The conditions of the Notes are based on applicable law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law, 
Polish law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus, and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
The Issuer's gross-up obligation under the Notes (other than Ordinary Senior Notes) is limited. 
The Issuer's obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of 
taxes under the terms of each Series of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes applies only to payments of interest due and paid 
under such Notes and not to payments of principal (which term, for these purposes, includes any 
premium, final redemption amount, early redemption amount, optional redemption amount and any other 
amount (other than interest) which may from time to time be payable in respect of such Notes). As such, 
the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of any Series of Senior 
MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such 
withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under any Series of such Notes, 
holders of such Notes would, upon repayment or redemption of such Notes, be entitled to receive only the 
net amount of such redemption or repayment proceeds after deduction of the amount required to be 
withheld. Therefore, holders may receive less than the full amount due under such Notes, and the market 
value of such Notes may be adversely affected as a result.  
Risks related to the market generally 
Risks related to suspension, interruption or termination of trading in the Notes. 
The listing of the Notes may, depending on the rules applicable to the relevant stock exchange, be 
suspended or interrupted by the respective stock exchange or a competent regulatory authority for a 
number of reasons, including a violation of price limits, a breach of statutory provisions, the occurrence 
of operational problems involving the stock exchange, or generally if deemed required in order to secure a 
functioning market or to safeguard the interests of investors. Furthermore, trading in the Notes may be

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
terminated either upon the decision of the stock exchange or a regulatory authority or upon application by 
the Issuer. 
Because the global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as 
defined above), investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and 
communication with the Issuer. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more global Notes. Such global Notes 
will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper (as the case may be) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant global Note, 
investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
maintain records of the beneficial interests in the global Notes. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more global Notes, investors will be able to trade their 
beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. While the Notes are 
represented by one or more global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the 
Notes by making payments to the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a global Note must rely on the 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The 
Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, 
beneficial interests in the global Notes. 
Noteholders of beneficial interests in the global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Clearing system risk of discontinuance. 
Secondary market sales of book-entry interests in the global Notes will be conducted in accordance with 
the normal rules and operating procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg are under no obligation to perform or to continue to perform such procedures, 
and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. 
Secondary market sales of interests in the global Notes may be conducted in accordance with the normal 
rules and operating procedures of the domestic clearing system, or interests in the global Notes may be 
transferred to a direct or indirect participant of another clearing system in accordance with the standard 
arrangements for such cross-market transfers. None of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
Clearing System is under any obligation to perform or to continue to perform such procedures, and such 
procedures may be discontinued at any time. 
Any such discontinuance could have a material adverse effect on an investor's holding of Notes or his or 
her ability to resell the Notes in the secondary market. 
The Notes may be delisted, which may materially affect an investor's ability to resell. 
Any Notes that are listed on any listing authority, stock exchange or quotation system may be delisted. If 
any Notes are delisted, the Issuer is obliged to endeavour promptly to obtain an alternative listing. 
Although no assurance is made as to the liquidity of the Notes as a result of listing on any listing 
authority, stock exchange or quotation system, delisting the Notes may have a material adverse effect on a 
Noteholder's ability to resell the Notes in the secondary market.  
Investors who purchase Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the Specified 
Denomination may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes in bearer form which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is 
possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination 
that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case, a holder who, as 
a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in his or her account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive 
a definitive Note in bearer form in respect of such holding (should such Notes be printed) and would need 
to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
If definitive Notes in bearer form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his or her Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case 
for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. In addition, should the Issuer be in financial 
distress, this is likely to have a further significant impact on the secondary market for the Notes and 
investors may have to sell their Notes at a substantial discount to their principal amount. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he or she will 
be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his or her holding. In 
addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not 
receiving payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the ''Investor's Currency'') other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of 
the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the 
Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. In the event a rating assigned to the Notes and/or the Issuer is lowered for any reason, 
the market value of the Notes may be adversely affected, but no person or entity is obliged to provide any 
additional support or credit enhancement with respect to the Notes. 
In general, regulated investors established in the EU are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from 
using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the 
registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings 
issued by non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-
registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been 
withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA on 
its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the 
relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures 
being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by 
a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of any rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes "forward-looking statements". All statements other than statements of 
historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the Issuer's 
financial position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations, are 
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and 
phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", 
"project", "will" and similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions. 
Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors 
which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results to be materially 
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include, but 
are not limited to, the following: 
• 
economic and financial market conditions, in particular, the Polish and European economies; 
• 
negative occurrences in the markets in which the Issuer's loan portfolio is concentrated; 
• 
volatility in interest rates; 
• 
a downgrade in the Republic of Poland's or the Issuer's credit ratings; 
• 
operational risk; 
• 
credit and counterparty risk; 
• 
liquidity risk and adverse capital and credit market conditions; 
• 
the Issuer's inability to manage risks through derivatives; 
• 
the occurrence of catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events; 
• 
significant adverse regulatory developments; 
• 
an interruption, failure or breach of the Issuer's operational system including the Issuer's IT 
systems and other systems on which it depends; 
• 
the ineffectiveness of the Issuer's risk management policies and procedures; and 
• 
failure to deliver by third parties to which the Issuer has outsourced certain functions. 
The Issuer's risks are more specifically described under "Risk Factors". If one or more of these risks or 
uncertainties materialise, or if underlying assumptions prove incorrect, the Issuer's actual results, 
performance or achievements or industry results may be materially different from any future results, 
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-
looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer's present and future business 
strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will operate in the future. These forward-looking 
statements speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus (or any supplement hereto) or as of such 
earlier date at which such statements are expressed to be given. The Issuer expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement 
contained herein (or in any supplement) to reflect any change in the Issuer's expectations with regard 
thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The documents set out below that are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are, where 
indicated, free translations into English from the original Polish language documents. To the extent that 
there are any inconsistencies between the originals and the translations, the originals shall prevail. The 
Issuer takes responsibility for such translations. The information set out in the table below shall be 
deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements of the Group for the six 
months ended 30 June 2024, prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, 
included in the consolidated report of the Group for the first half of 2024, which constitute a free 
translation from the Polish version into the English language and can be viewed online at: 
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/documents/d/guest/2_millennium_1h2024_en 
(a) 
consolidated statement of profit and loss (page 9); 
(b) 
consolidated statement of total comprehensive income (page 10); 
(c) 
consolidated statement of financial position (pages 11 to 12); 
(d) 
consolidated statement of changes in equity (page 13); 
(e) 
consolidated statement of cash flow (pages 14 to 15); and 
(f) 
notes to consolidated financial data (pages 16 to 83 inclusive); 
2. 
the separate independent auditor's report on review of the Group's condensed interim 
consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2024, which constitutes a 
free translation from the Polish version into the English language and can be viewed online at: 
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/documents/d/guest/3_bank-millenium_report-on-review-cfs_30-
06-24 
3. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU (the ''2023 Consolidated Financial 
Statements''), audited by Deloitte Assurance Polska spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością 
sp. k. (formerly: Deloitte Assurance sp. z o.o.) included in the consolidated annual report of the 
Group for the year ended 31 December 2023, which constitute a free translation from the Polish 
version into the English language and can be viewed online at: 
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/documents/d/guest/02_millenniumgroup_cfs_2023_en 
(a) 
consolidated income statement (page 6); 
(b) 
consolidated statement of total comprehensive income (page 7); 
(c) 
consolidated balance sheet (pages 8 to 9); 
(d) 
consolidated statement of changes in equity (page 10); 
(e) 
consolidated cash flow statement (pages 11 to 12); and 
(f) 
notes to the consolidated financial statements (pages 13 to 177 inclusive). 
4. 
the separate independent registered auditor's report on the audit of the 2023 Consolidated 
Financial Statements (pages 1 to 10 inclusive), which constitutes a free translation from the 
Polish version into the English language and can be viewed online at: 
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/documents/d/guest/reportontheauditoftheannualconsolidatedfina
ncialstatements31-12-2023

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
5. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU (the ''2022 Consolidated Financial 
Statements''), audited by Deloitte Audyt spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp. k. 
included in the consolidated annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022, 
which constitute a free translation from the Polish version into the English language and can be 
viewed online at: 
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/documents/10184/32110892/MillenniumGroup_CFS_2022_EN.
pdf 
(a) 
consolidated income statement (page 6); 
(b) 
consolidated statement of total comprehensive income (page 7); 
(c) 
consolidated balance sheet (pages 8 to 9); 
(d) 
consolidated statement of changes in equity (page 10); 
(e) 
consolidated cash flow statement (pages 11 to 12); and 
(f) 
notes to the consolidated financial statements (pages 13 to 178 inclusive). 
6. 
the separate independent registered auditor's report on the audit of the 2022 Consolidated 
Financial Statements (pages 1 to 9 inclusive), which constitutes a free translation from the Polish 
version into the English language and can be viewed online at: 
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/documents/10184/32110892/ReportontheAuditoftheAnnualCon
solidatedFinancialStatements.pdf 
7. 
the Management Board Report on the Activity of Bank Millennium and the Capital Group of 
Bank Millennium in the six months ended on 30 June 2024 (pages 1 to 69 inclusive), which 
constitutes a free translation from the Polish version into the English language and can be 
viewed online at: 
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/documents/d/guest/1_mb-report-group-1h24  
8. 
the Management Board Report on the Activity of Bank Millennium and the Capital Group of 
Bank Millennium in 2023 (pages 1 to 131 inclusive), which constitutes a free translation from 
the Polish version into the English language and can be viewed online at: 
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/documents/d/guest/1_management-board-report-millennium-
2023_pdf  
9. 
the Management Board Report on the Activity of Bank Millennium and the Capital Group of 
Bank Millennium in 2022 (pages 1 to 139 inclusive), which constitutes a free translation from 
the Polish version into the English language and can be viewed online at: 
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/documents/10184/32110892/Management_Board_Report_Mille
nnium_2022.pdf 
10. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 66 to 121 of the Bank's base prospectus dated 25 
August 2023 which can be viewed online at: 
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/documents/10184/30833124/Base_Prospectus_EMTN_Program
me_Bank_Millennium_25_08_2023.pdf 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for the 
investor or covered in another part of the Base Prospectus. Any documents themselves incorporated by 
reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
If the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus itself incorporates any information or 
other documents therein, either expressly or implicitly, such information or other documents will not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the 
registered office of the Bank and from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in 
London. The documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will also be available from the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
For at least ten years from the date of this Base Prospectus, a copy of any document containing the 
information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the Bank's website at 
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/en/about-the-bank/investor-relations. For the avoidance of doubt, unless 
specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the Issuer's 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
any Notes and which arises during the validity period specified below, prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended in a manner that would make this Base 
Prospectus, as supplemented, inaccurate or misleading, a new Base Prospectus or supplement will be 
prepared. 
If, at any time following the publication of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer shall be required to prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer shall 
prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus as required by Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any 
document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a 
document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified shall 
not, except as so modified, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. For this 
purpose, "valid" means valid for making admissions to trading on a regulated market by or with the 
consent of the Issuer and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus is only required within its 
period of validity between the time when this Base Prospectus is approved and the time when trading on a 
regulated market begins, whichever occurs later.

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and initially be issued in the form of a temporary global 
note (a ''Temporary Global Note'') or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global 
note (a ''Permanent Global Note'' and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a ''Global Note'') 
which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (''NGN'') form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the ''Common Safekeeper'') for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
and 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as 
such recognition depends upon satisfaction of Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper 
for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and 
any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will 
be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has 
been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to 
the Agent. 
On and after the date (the ''Exchange Date'') which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note 
will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the 
Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons 
attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, ''Exchange Event'' means that 
(i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing, or 
(ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or 
have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor 
clearing system is available. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest 
in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange 
shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and interest coupons 
relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect 
of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or 
interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined herein), the Agent shall arrange that, where a further 
Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at 
a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a 
common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any 
other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single 
Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act, ''Regulation S'') applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10 
(Events of Default). In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the 
Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions and 
payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global 
Note, then the Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on the day immediately 
following such day. At the same time, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts 
with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed 
directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the ''Deed of Covenant'') dated 12 
September 2024 and executed by the Issuer.

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
Form of Final Terms for an issue by Bank Millennium S.A. under the €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium 
Term Note Programme.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (''EEA''). For these purposes, a ''retail investor'' 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (''EU MiFID II'')/;[ or] (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2016/97/EU, (as amended, the ''Insurance Distribution Directive''), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II[/; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation]. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the ''EU PRIIPs Regulation'') for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to, be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (''UK''). For these purposes, a ''retail investor'' means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the ''EUWA''); [or] (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the ''FSMA'') and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA [/; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA]. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA 
(the ''UK PRIIPs Regulation'') for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (as amended, ''EU MiFID II'')/EU MiFID 
II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a ''distributor'') 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018/EUWA] (''UK MiFIR''); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the ''UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules'') is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.].]

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its 
obligations pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time]] (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are 
["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets 
products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
FINAL TERMS 
Bank Millennium S.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 259400OFDZ9KPZEO8K78 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
(the ''Conditions'') set forth in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 12 September 2024 [, as 
supplemented by the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] (the ''Base Prospectus'') issued in relation to the 
€3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Bank Millennium S.A. which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.]  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 25 August 2023 which are 
incorporated by reference in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 12 September 2024 [, as 
supplemented by the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] (the ''Base Prospectus'') issued in relation to the 
€3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Bank Millennium S.A. which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
The expression ''Prospectus Regulation'' means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended).  
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
and any supplements thereto in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of 
a combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
The 
Base 
Prospectus 
is 
available 
for 
viewing 
at 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/en/about-the-bank/investor-relations, and at the offices of the Paying 
Agents specified in the Base Prospectus. Copies may, upon oral or written request, also be obtained from 
the Paying Agents. 
These Final Terms do not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer or solicitation by 
anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it 
is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation; and no action is being taken to permit an offering of the 
Notes or the distribution of these Final Terms in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is specified for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs, save in respect of the items in Part B, which may be deleted in accordance with the relevant 
footnotes. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.]

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
[When adding any other final terms or information, consideration should be given as to whether such 
terms or information constitute category 'B' information as indicated in relevant Annex to the Prospectus 
Regulation and consequently trigger the need for an individual drawdown prospectus.] 
[Date] 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 24 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month]]  
(Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have a maturity of 
not less than five years or as otherwise permitted in 
accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
in force at the relevant time.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[●] month [EURIBOR/WIBOR/SONIA/SOFR] 
+/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [13]/[14]/[15]/[16] below) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed at their 
Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
The Notes are Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. [For the 
period 
from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [13]]/[14] applies and for the period 
from (and including) [date] to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date, paragraph [13]/[14] applies][Not 
Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
Issuer Call pursuant to Condition 7.6 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [See paragraph 18 
below] 
 
 
Issuer Call pursuant to Condition 7.7 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer (Clean-up Call)) is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [See paragraph 19 
below] 
 
 
Investor Put pursuant to Condition 7.8 (Redemption 
at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [See paragraph 20 
below] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior 
Notes–Ordinary 
Senior 
Notes/Senior 
Notes–Senior Non-Preferred Notes/Subordinated 
Notes–Senior Subordinated Notes/Subordinated 
Notes–Tier 2 Subordinated Notes] 
 
(a) 
Senior: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
• 
Status: 
[Ordinary 
Senior 
Notes/Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes]  
 
• 
Senior MREL Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Events of Default: 
[Condition 10.1 (Events of Default relating to

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
Ordinary Senior Notes) applies] / [Condition 10.3 
(Events of Default relating to Senior MREL Notes, 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes 
or 
Senior 
Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes) applies] 
 
(b) 
Subordinated: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
• 
Status: 
[Senior Subordinated Notes/Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [from and including [●], to but 
excluding [●]]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short, first 
or last, coupon) 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [from and including [●], to but 
excluding [●]]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
("Specified 
Period" 
and 
"Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates" are alternatives. A "Specified 
Period", rather than "Specified Interest Payment 
Dates", will only be relevant if the Business Day 
Convention is the Floating Rate Convention. 
Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable") 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[●] 
month 
[EURIBOR]/[WIBOR]/[SONIA] 
/[SOFR]/[€STR]/[SONIA Compounded Index]/[SO
FR Compounded Index] 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5/[●] TARGET Business Days/U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/London 
Banking 
Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5/[●] TARGET Business Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days 
/Not Applicable]  
(NB: A minimum of 5 London Banking Days if 
Compounded Daily SONIA, or 2 U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days if Compounded Daily 
SOFR should be specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed 
with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
 
• 
SONIA 
Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SOFR Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Decimal Place: 
[ ]/[5/7] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, the Relevant Decimal Place shall be the 
fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA 
Compounded Index and the seventh decimal place 
in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index) 
 
• 
Relevant Number: 
[ ]/[5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 5 in the case 
of Compounded Daily SONIA or two or greater for 
Compounded Daily SOFR) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph (g)) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006/2021] ISDA Definitions 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(If "2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected, ensure this 
is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-
free rate) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the interest period) 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
• 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback: 
Lookback: [[ ] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: 
Observation Period Shift: [[ ] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [ ]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout: 
Lockout: [[ ] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
• 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
• 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days] 
 
• 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) 
(See Condition 5 (Interest) for alternatives) 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] [Actual/365] 
16. 
Reset Note Provisions:  
Applicable/Not Applicable  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] up to (and including) [⚫] 
 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[±][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[±][●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [[in each case,] subject to adjustment 
in accordance with paragraph 16(p)]  
 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date:  
[●] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable  
 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] / Not Applicable  
 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[●] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph 16(p)]  
 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
Not Applicable / [●] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 16(p)]  
 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
Not Applicable / [●] [and [●]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with paragraph 16(p)]  
 
(j) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(k) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
Reference Bond Rate / Mid-Swap Rate  
 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single 
Mid-Swap 
Rate]/[Mean 
Mid-Swap 
Rate]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(m) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(n) 
Reference Banks: 
[●] 
 
(o) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(p) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Basis: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(q) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)  
 
(r) 
Reset Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year / The provisions in the Conditions 
apply  
 
(s) 
Reset Determination Time: 
[●]  
 
(t) 
Business Day Convention: 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business 
Day Convention / FRN Convention / Floating Rate 
Convention 
/ 
Eurodollar 
Convention 
/ 
No 
Adjustment  
 
(u) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Determination Agent: 
[●]

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
 
(w) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[EURIBOR]/ 
[WIBOR]/ 
[SONIA]/ 
[SOFR]/[€STR]/ 
SONIA 
Compounded 
Index/SOFR Compounded Index 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
 
 
Maximum period: [60] days 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●][Any day falling in the period commencing on 
(and 
including) 
[●] 
and 
ending 
on 
([and 
including/but 
excluding]) 
[the 
[First] 
Reset 
Date]/[the Maturity Date]/[●] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of five 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
19. 
Issuer Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Clean-up Call Threshold: 
[●] per cent. 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Clean-up Call): 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Notice period (if different from the 
Conditions): 
[Not less than [●] nor more than [●] days] / [Not 
Applicable 
– 
in 
line 
with 
Condition 
7.7 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-up 
Call))] 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) or 
Put Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, 
as 
well 
as 
any 
other 
notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
21. 
MREL Disqualification Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Par], [[●] per Calculation Amount] 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in 
the "Form of the Notes" section in the Base 
Prospectus and the Notes themselves. N.B. The 
exchange upon notice/at any time at the request of 
the Issuer options should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination of the 
Notes in sub-paragraph 5 includes language 
substantially to the following effect: "[€100,000] 
and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof 
up to and including [€199,000]." Furthermore, 
such Specified Denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which is 
to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.)

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purpose of calculating the amount of 
interest to which sub- paragraph 15(c) relates) 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made]/[No.] 
27. 
Waiver of Set-Off: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
28. 
Substitution and Variation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
SIGNED on behalf of Bank Millennium S.A.: 
 
 
 
By:  ................................................................ 
 
 
By:  ...............................................................  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be 
made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be listed on the [Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange]/[Warsaw Stock Exchange] and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
[Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[Warsaw Stock 
Exchange] with effect from [●].]/[Not applicable.] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be] rated [●] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation 
[●] is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the ''EU 
CRA Regulation''). [As of the date of these Final Terms, [●] appears on the list of registered credit rating 
agencies on the ESMA website www.esma.europa.eu]. [The rating [●] given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[●], which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the ''UK CRA 
Regulation'').]/ [[●] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] 
(the ''UK CRA Regulation'').]/ [[●] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the ''UK CRA Regulation'') and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 2 – CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the CRA Regulation but has applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and 
registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[●] is established in the EEA and has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the ''CRA Regulation''), although notification of the corresponding registration decision has 
not yet been provided by the [relevant competent authority/European Securities and Markets Authority]. 
[As of the date of these Final Terms, [●] appears on the list of registered credit rating agencies on the 
ESMA website www.esma.europa.eu]. [The rating [●] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [●], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] 
(the ''UK CRA Regulation'').]/[[●] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018] (the ''UK CRA Regulation'').]/[[●] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
[EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the ''UK CRA Regulation'') and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 3 – CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and 
registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[●] is established in the EEA and is neither registered nor has it applied for registration under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the ''EU CRA Regulation''). [As of the date of these Final Terms, [●] 
appears on the list of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA website www.esma.europa.eu.] [The 
rating [●] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [●], which is established in the UK and registered under

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the ''UK CRA Regulation'').]/[[●] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the ''UK CRA 
Regulation'').] [[●] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] 
(the ''UK CRA Regulation'') and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 4 – CRA established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the EEA or certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation 
[●] is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] 
(the ''UK CRA Regulation''). As of the date of these Final Terms, [●] appears on the list of registered 
credit rating agencies on the FCA website www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-ratingagencies/registered-
certified-cras. [The rating [●] has given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by 
[●], which is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the ''EU CRA Regulation'').] [[●] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the ''EU CRA Regulation'').] [[●] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the ''UK CRA Regulation'') and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
Option 5 – CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is 
established and registered under the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the UK CRA Regulation 
[●] is not established in the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [●], which is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the ''EU CRA Regulation'')] [and] [[●], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]]. 
Option 6 – CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under the CRA 
Regulation (EU) or the UK CRA Regulation but CRA is certified under the CRA Regulation (EU) 
AND/OR under the UK CRA Regulation 
[●] is not established in the EEA or the UK but is certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended [(the ''EU CRA Regulation'')] [and] [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]. 
Option 7 – CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK nor certified under the EU CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation 
[●] is not established in the EEA or the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the ''EU CRA Regulation'') or Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the ''UK 
CRA Regulation'') and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in either the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.  
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.]  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
business./[●]/Not Applicable.]] 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
Use of proceeds: 
[See ["Use of Proceeds"] in the Base Prospectus/ [The 
net proceeds from the issue of Notes will be applied 
by the Issuer for [specify use of proceeds/General 
Corporate Purposes]/[The Notes are intended to be 
issued as Green Bonds, [further particulars to be 
provided]] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses related to the 
admission to trading: 
[●]  
[Include breakdown of expenses.] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes/Reset Notes 
only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[●], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
[or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN]/Not Applicable/other]. 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[●], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
[or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN]/Not Applicable/other]. 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable"). 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
(viii) 
Relevant Benchmark(s): 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does 
not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name 
of administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence]/ [Not 
Applicable]  
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra- 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated:  
[Not Applicable/give names and addresses] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm-commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.) 
 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
Managers: 
[●] 
 
Date 
of 
subscription 
agreement: 
[●] 
 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(v) 
Italian Selling Restriction: 
[No sales into Italy] [Sales into Italy subject to certain

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
requirements] [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
French Selling Restriction: 
[No sales into France] [Sales into France subject to 
certain requirements] [Not Applicable] 
8. 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Bank confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which (subject to completion by the applicable 
Final Terms) will be endorsed upon each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the 
latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed 
by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such 
definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The 
applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each 
Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to "applicable Final Terms" for a description 
of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the 
relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Bank Millennium S.A. (the ''Issuer'') 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the ''Notes'' shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global note (a ''Global Note''), units of each Specified 
Denomination (as defined below) in the Specified Currency (as defined below); 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the ''Agency 
Agreement'') dated 12 September 2024 and made between the Issuer and Citibank N.A., London Branch 
as issuing and principal paying agent (the ''Agent'', which expression shall include any successor agent) 
and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the ''Paying Agents'', which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). The Agent and the Paying Agents are 
together referred to as the ''Agents''.  
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in the Final Terms attached to 
or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the ''Conditions'' and references to 
a numbered ''Condition'' shall be construed accordingly).  
Interest - bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (''Coupons'') and, in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (''Talons'') attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not 
have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The applicable Final Terms will state in particular whether this Note is an Ordinary Senior Note (the 
''Ordinary Senior Note'') or a Senior Non-Preferred Note (the ''Senior Non-Preferred Note'', together 
with the Ordinary Senior Note, the ''Senior Notes'') or a Subordinated Note (the ''Subordinated Note''), 
which may be, in turn, a Senior Subordinated Note (the ''Senior Subordinated Note'') or a Tier 2 
Subordinated Note (the ''Tier 2 Subordinated Note''), each as more fully described in Condition 2 
(Status of the Notes). 
As used herein, ''Tranche'' means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and ''Series'' means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the 
same terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Any reference to ''Noteholders'' or ''holders'' in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any 
reference herein to ''Couponholders'' shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons.

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the ''Deed of Covenant'') 
dated 12 September 2024 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear (as defined below) and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below) and by the Agent on behalf of the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders at its specified office. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are (i) available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Agent or (ii) may be provided by email to a 
Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents and provision of proof of holding 
and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent). If the Notes are to be admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). The Noteholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. 
The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms, shall 
have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, "euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
Any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or other subsidiary 
legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such legislation as 
the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended, superseded or re-enacted. References 
herein to "Terms and Conditions" or "Conditions" are to these Conditions, or a correspondingly numbered 
provision hereof. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
currency (the ''Specified Currency'') and the denominations (the ''Specified Denomination(s)'') 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be 
exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
This Note may be an Ordinary Senior Note, a Senior Non-Preferred Note, a Senior Subordinated 
Note or a Tier 2 Subordinated Note. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes, in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer and 
any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or 
Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, 
in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (''Euroclear'') and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (''Clearstream, Luxembourg''), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in 
the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall 
be treated by the Issuer and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for 
all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal 
amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated 
by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance 
with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and 
"holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Ordinary Senior Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
2.1 
Status of the Ordinary Senior Notes  
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Notes which specify their status as Ordinary Senior 
Notes (including Senior MREL Notes) in the applicable Final Terms constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 3 (Negative Pledge) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any 
mandatory provisions of law, upon the insolvency of the Issuer as set out in the Polish Act dated 
28 February 2003 Insolvency Law, as may be amended from time to time (the ''Insolvency 
Law'')), such payment obligations rank: 
(a) 
in respect of principal: 
(i) 
junior to: (A) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1 and 2 of the 
Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law; 
and (B) any present and future obligations of the Issuer which are senior to the 
Ordinary Senior Notes in accordance with the Insolvency Law; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Higher Priority 
Liabilities; and 
(iii) 
senior to: (A) accrued but unpaid interest on Senior Higher Priority Liabilities 
as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure; (B) any liabilities of the 
Issuer falling into categories 4 to 10 (inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in 
accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law (including but not 
limited to Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities); and (C) any other present and 
future obligations of the Issuer which rank junior to the Ordinary Senior Notes 
in accordance with the Insolvency Law; 
(b) 
in respect of interest: 
(i) 
junior to: (A) obligations in respect of principal on Senior Higher Priority 
Liabilities; and (B) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1 to 3 
(inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the 
Insolvency Law; and (C) any present and future obligations of the Issuer which 
rank senior to the Ordinary Senior Notes in accordance with the Insolvency 
Law; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other interest on Senior Higher 
Priority Liabilities; and

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
(iii) 
senior to: (A) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 5 to 10 
(inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the 
Insolvency Law (including but not limited to Senior Non-Preferred 
Liabilities); and (B) any other present and future obligations of the Issuer 
which rank junior to the Ordinary Senior Notes in accordance with the 
Insolvency Law. 
2.2 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Notes which specify their status as Senior Non-
Preferred Notes in the applicable Final Terms constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any 
mandatory provision of law, upon the insolvency of the Issuer as set out in the Insolvency Law, 
such payment obligations rank: 
(a) 
junior to: (A) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1 to 5 (inclusive) of the 
Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law; and (B) 
any other present and future obligations of the Issuer which rank senior to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with the Insolvency Law; 
(b) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; and 
(c) 
senior to: (A) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 7 to 10 (inclusive) of 
the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law; and 
(B) any other present and future obligations of the Issuer which rank junior to Senior 
Non-Preferred Liabilities in accordance with the Insolvency Law.  
2.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
(a) 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Notes which specify their status as Senior 
Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes in the applicable Final Terms on 
account of principal constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of 
any mandatory provision of law, upon the insolvency of the Issuer as set out in the 
Insolvency Law, such payment obligations rank: 
(i) 
for so long as the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes constitute Senior Subordinated Liabilities of the Issuer: 
(A) 
junior to (i) liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1 to 6 
(inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 
section 2 of the Insolvency Law (including any Senior Higher Priority 
Liabilities and Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities), and (ii) any other 
obligations which by law rank senior to the Issuer's obligations under 
the relevant Senior Subordinated Notes; 
(B) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) all other claims in respect 
of Senior Subordinated Liabilities, and (ii) any other subordinated 
obligations which by law, rank pari passu with the Issuer's 
obligations under the relevant Senior Subordinated Notes; and 
(C) 
senior to (i) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 8 to 10 
(inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 
section 2 of the Insolvency Law, and (ii) any other obligations of the 
Issuer which, by law, rank junior to the obligations of the Issuer under 
the relevant Senior Subordinated Notes; and 
(ii) 
for so long as the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes constitute either in whole or in part Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes of the Issuer:

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
(A) 
junior to (i) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1 to 7 
(inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 
section 2 of the Insolvency Law, (ii) any other present and future 
obligations of the Issuer which, in accordance with the Insolvency 
Law, rank senior to the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, and (iii) any other 
obligations which, by law, rank senior to the Issuer's obligations 
under the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes; 
(B) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other subordinated 
obligations which, by law and/or by their terms, to the extent 
permitted by Polish law, rank pari passu with the Issuer's obligations 
under the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes; and 
(C) 
senior to (i) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 9 and 
10 of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of 
the Insolvency Law, (ii) any other present or future obligations of the 
Issuer which, in accordance with the Insolvency Law, rank lower than 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, and (iii) any other subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which by law rank junior to the obligations 
of the Issuer under the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
2.4 
No Interest in Insolvency 
No interest shall accrue in respect of the Notes from the date of the declaration of insolvency of 
the Issuer. 
2.5 
MREL 
(a) 
To the extent allowed by the Applicable Banking Regulations, the Senior MREL Notes, 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes may be issued by the Issuer to satisfy the minimum requirements for own funds 
and eligible liabilities (the ''MREL''). 
(b) 
The rights of holders of the Ordinary Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior 
Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes shall be subject to any present or 
future Polish laws or regulations relating to the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms in the Republic of Poland which are or will be 
applicable to such Notes as a result of the operation of such laws or regulations, 
including, without limitation, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in 
the Republic of Poland, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD and (ii) the 
instruments, rules and standards created under the BRRD. In particular, in the event of 
the resolution of the Issuer, the Relevant Resolution Authority may write-down or 
convert the MREL Notes ahead of the Notes which do not constitute MREL Notes. 
2.6 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy or resolution then in effect in the Republic of 
Poland including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, the CRD, the CRR 
Regulation, BRRD, the Creditor Hierarchy Directive, the BGF Act, the Insolvency Law and 
those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy or resolution 
adopted by the BGF or other Competent Authority from time to time and then in effect (whether 
or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are 
applied generally or specifically to the Issuer);  
"BGF" means Bankowy Fundusz Gwarancyjny; 
"BGF Act" means a Polish Act of 10 June 2016 on bank guarantee fund, the deposit guarantee 
scheme and resolution (as amended from time to time);

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 establishing the framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended 
or replaced from time to time; 
"Competent Authority" means the Polish Financial Supervision Authority (in Polish: Komisja 
Nadzoru Finansowego) or any successor or replacement thereto having primary responsibility 
for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority (if applicable), in any case as determined by the Issuer; 
"CRD" means any of, or any combination of, the CRD Directive, the CRR Regulation, and any 
CRD Implementing Measures; 
"CRD Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to 
time, including, without limitation, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019; 
"CRD Implementing Measures" means any rules implementing the CRD Directive or the CRR 
Regulation which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated 
or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, 
national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Competent Authority 
or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a stand-alone basis) or the 
Group (on a consolidated basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital or the minimum requirement for own funds 
and eligible liabilities, as the case may be, of the Issuer (on a stand-alone basis) or the Group (on 
a consolidated basis); 
"CRR Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, 
as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time; 
"Creditor Hierarchy Directive" means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking 
of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, or any equivalent legislation that 
supersedes or replaces it; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries; 
"MREL Notes" means the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior 
Subordinated Notes which constitute the Issuer's own funds and eligible liabilities under the 
BGF Act; 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the BGF or any successor to or replacement for the 
BGF and/or any other authority with the ability to exercise any Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers (as defined in Condition 20 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)) 
in relation to the Issuer and/or the Group; 
"Senior Higher Priority Liabilities" means any obligations in respect of principal of the Issuer 
under any Ordinary Senior Notes, any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer referred to in Article 440.2.3 of the Insolvency Law and any other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer having the same ranking in respect of principal as the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Ordinary Senior Notes; 
"Senior MREL Notes" means the Ordinary Senior Notes which are, as at the relevant Issue 
Date, intended to constitute the Issuer's own funds and eligible liabilities under the BGF Act, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities" means any subordinated and unsecured senior non-
preferred obligations of the Issuer referred to in Article 440.2.6 of the Insolvency Law (including 
any Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and any other obligations which, by law, rank pari passu with 
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities;

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
"Senior Subordinated Liabilities" means any subordinated obligation of the Issuer, referred to 
in Article 440.2.7 of the Insolvency Law and any other obligations which, by law, rank pari 
passu with Senior Subordinated Liabilities; and 
"Tier 2 Subordinated Notes" means any subordinated obligations of the Issuer referred to in 
Article 440.2.8 of the Insolvency Law and any other obligations which, by law, rank pari passu 
with the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
3.1 
Negative Pledge 
This Condition 3 is applicable only in relation to the Ordinary Senior Notes (which are not 
Senior MREL Notes). So long as any Ordinary Senior Note remains outstanding, the Issuer will 
not create or have outstanding any Encumbrance upon, or with respect to, any of its present or 
future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any 
Relevant External Indebtedness unless the Issuer shall, in the case of the creation of an 
Encumbrance, before or at the same time, in any other case, promptly take any and all action 
necessary to ensure that such other Encumbrance or other arrangement (whether or not it 
includes the creation of an Encumbrance) is provided as shall be approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (which is defined in the Agency Agreement as a resolution duly passed by a majority 
of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast) of holders, provided that the above provisions 
shall not apply to any Encumbrance on or with respect to the assets, receivables, remittances or 
other payment rights of the Issuer which is created pursuant to any securitisation or like 
arrangement in accordance with normal market practice and whereby the principal amount of the 
Relevant External Indebtedness secured by such Encumbrance is substantially limited to an 
amount equal to the proceeds received by the Issuer in exchange for the sale, assignment, pledge 
or other transfer of such assets, receivables, remittances or other payment rights. 
3.2 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
"Encumbrance" means any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, assignment, hypothecation, security 
interest, title retention, preferential right or trust arrangement and any other security agreement 
or arrangement; 
"Relevant External Indebtedness" means any Relevant Indebtedness which is payable in or by 
reference to a currency which is not the lawful currency for the time being of Poland; and 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means: (A) any obligation with a maturity greater than one year for 
the payment of borrowed money which is in the form of, represented or evidenced by a note, 
bond, debenture or other security or a similar instrument, which is, or is capable of, being 
quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on a stock exchange or other recognised securities market; or 
(B) any present or future guarantee or indemnity in respect of any of the foregoing. 
4. 
WAIVER OF SET-OFF 
In the case of any Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes 
and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, no Noteholder shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or 
counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such Notes or relative Coupons. If, 
notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any Noteholder receives or recovers any sum or the 
benefit of any sum in respect of any Note or related Coupon by virtue of any such set-off or 
counterclaim, it shall hold the same on trust for the Issuer and shall pay the amount thereof to the 
Issuer or, in the event of the winding up of the Issuer, to the liquidator of the Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition is intended to provide, or shall be 
construed as acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or 
counterclaim or that any such right is or would be available to any Noteholder of any Note but 
for this Condition.

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
5. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate 
Notes or Zero Coupon Notes. 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 5.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 5.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on 
Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest 
Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, 
the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day 
Count Fraction and any applicable Determination Date. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on 
any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the 
Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these Conditions, ''Fixed Interest Period'' means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect 
of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in 
accordance with this Condition 5.1: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
''Accrual Period'') is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) 
divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
''Determination Period'' means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and 
''sub-unit'' means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition 5.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 5.2 for full information on the manner in which interest is 
calculated on Floating Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any 
Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the 
Business Day Convention, any Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or 
Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the party who will calculate the 
amount of interest due if it is not the Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest 
rates and the Day Count Fraction. Where ISDA Determination applies to the calculation of 
interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date. Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the 
calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Reference 
Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest 
Payment Date, an ''Interest Payment Date'') which falls the number of months 
or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, 
''Interest Period'' means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date) or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an 
Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there 
is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (b)(2) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event (1) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (2) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, ''Business Day'' means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre 
(other than the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, 
or any successor or replacement system ("T2'')) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which T2 is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 
is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes (the 
"Rate of Interest") will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination  
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for which 
SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR or any related index is specified as the Reference Rate in 
the relevant Final Terms) determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such 
time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner;  
''Designated Maturity'' means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as 
of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the 
case of (iii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either 
case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Issuer will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in 
an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market 
at that time; and  
(B) 
provide such quotations to the Calculation Agent who shall determine 
the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major 
banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, requested

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
and selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, 
that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an 
arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be 
the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin (if any) and the relevant 
ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were 
acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for 
that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the (i) 
if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
("ISDA") and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes; or (ii) if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published by 
ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; (together, the "ISDA 
Definitions") and under which: 
(i) 
references in the ISDA definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest 
Period;  
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date;  
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement 
Date; and 
(E) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
shall be disapplied; and 
(ii) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative 
Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference 
to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition of 
"Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by 
"Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate"; 
(iii) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(iv) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(v) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (A) the first day of that Interest Period or (B) 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
(vi) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method is one of the following as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
Compounding with Lookback; 
(B) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
(C) 
Compounding with Lockout; and 
(vii) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, the 
Index Method is Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be 
deemed to be references to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding anything in the ISDA Definitions to the contrary the Agent will have 
no obligation to exercise any discretion (including in determining EURIBOR or the 
fallback rate), and to the extent the ISDA Definitions requires the Agent to exercise any 
such discretion, the Issuer, will provide written direction to the Agent specifying how 
such discretion should be exercised, and the Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely 
on that direction and will be fully protected if it acts in accordance therewith. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (d), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity", "Reset Date", "Overnight Floating Rate Option", 
"Overnight Rate Compounding Method", "Compounding with Lookback", 
"Compounding with Observation Period Shift", "Compounding with Lockout", 
"Averaging with Lookback", "Averaging with Observation Period Shift", 
"Averaging with Lockout", "Compounded Index Floating Rate Option", "Index 
Method" and "Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift" have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
References in the ISDA definitions to: 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date;  
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be disapplied; 
and  
If the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate" in the 
Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to "Calculation Agent 
Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication– 
Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Previous Day's Rate".  
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA  
(i) 
This Condition 5.2(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
"Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA".

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
(ii) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(e): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝐼 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
365
) −
𝑑0
𝑖=1
1] × 365
𝑑 
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day;

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date 
which is p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the 
number of London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms (or, if 
no such number is so specified, five and shall not be less than five unless 
otherwise agreed with the Agent); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by 
such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms; the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded 
Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any 
London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a 
non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate 
for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
(iii) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest 
Period or Observation Period (as applicable), the Calculation Agent 
determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, 
subject to Condition 5.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent 
Adviser)), be:  
(A) 
the sum of (i) Bank of England's Bank Rate (the ''Bank 
Rate'') prevailing at 5 p.m. (London time) (or, if earlier, 
close of business) on such London Banking Day; plus (ii) the 
mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the 
Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on 
which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only 
of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day, 
either (i), the SONIA reference rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
London Banking Day on which the SONIA reference rate 
was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors); or (ii) if 
this is more recent, the latest rate determined under (A) 
above.  
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 5.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent 
Adviser)), if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5.2(e), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have 
been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first 
Interest Period, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(f) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR 
(i) 
This Condition 5.2(f) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
"Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
(ii) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest 
Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(f): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded Daily SOFR, which is a compounded 
average of daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance 
with the specific formula and other provisions set out in this Condition 5.2(f). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. 
For this reason, in determining Compounded Daily SOFR in accordance with 
the specific formula and other provisions set forth herein, the Daily SOFR rate 
for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes 
one or more days that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days will 
be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and including such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded Daily 
SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant 
SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions under Condition 5.2(f)(iv) 
below will apply. 
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking institutions 
in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed;

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily U.S. 
dollar secured overnight financing rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) computed in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 
0.00001): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
]  𝑥 360
𝑑 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such 
period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" 
to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to, but 
excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the (i) Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period; or (ii) if 
applicable, such earlier date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable;

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag 
Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five and shall not be less than 
five unless otherwise agreed with the Agent); 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
means:  
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 5.2(f)(iv) below, if the rate specified in (i) above 
does not so appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as 
published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was 
published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source;  
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
If the Issuer or, in the Issuer's discretion, an Independent Adviser appointed by 
the Issuer for such purpose, determines on or prior to the relevant Reference 
Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, 
the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all 
purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and 
for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the 
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to 
make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or, in 
the Issuer's discretion, an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer for 
such purpose pursuant to this section, including any determination with respect 
to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any 
action or any selection:

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or the Independent 
Adviser; and  
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the 
holders of the Notes or any other party.  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded Daily SOFR, as such term is 
defined above; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded Daily SOFR (or 
the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current 
Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or, in the Issuer's discretion, an 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer for such purpose as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by 
the Issuer or any such Independent Adviser as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for the applicable corresponding tenor giving 
due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer or, in the Issuer's 
discretion, an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer for such purpose as 
of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement;  
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to 
the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-
current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such 
time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to 
any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates 
and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other 
administrative matters) that the Issuer or any Independent Adviser, as 
applicable, decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer or such Independent Adviser decides that adoption of 
any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Issuer or such Independent Adviser determines that no market practice for use 
of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer 
determines is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on 
which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely 
ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will 
be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or  
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that 
the Benchmark is no longer representative;

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the 
international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, 
as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional 
booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means 
(i) if the Benchmark is Compounded Daily SOFR, the SOFR Determination 
Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded Daily SOFR, the 
scheduled or customary time for publication of the relevant Benchmark in 
accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the 
administrator of such Benchmark or, as the case may be, of the other relevant 
information service publishing such Benchmark, on, the relevant Interest 
Determination Date;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or any successor thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
determined under Condition 5.2(f)(iv) below will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take 
effect.  
(iv) 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the 
Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) 
the relevant Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
5.2(f); and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
and/or 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Adjustment.

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
(C) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 5.2(f), the Rate of Interest shall 
be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to 
the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(g) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR  
(i) 
This Condition 5.2(g) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
"Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "€STR". 
(ii) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each 
Interest Determination Date.  
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(g): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro 
short-term rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by 
the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + €STR𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
D
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × D
𝑑 
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Business Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such 
TARGET Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank as the 
administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the 
website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its 
website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors) on the TARGET Business Day immediately following 
such TARGET Business Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or 
determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or 
guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor administrator of 
such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the TARGET Business Day falling "p" TARGET 
Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Business Day "i". 
"i"  
is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the 
relevant TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET Business Day in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Observation Period, 
to, and including, the last TARGET Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such TARGET Business Day "i" up to (but excluding) the 
following TARGET Business Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period (and the final Interest Period shall begin on 
and include the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling 
"p" TARGET Business Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) if applicable, such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means 
the number of TARGET Business Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or, if no 
such number is specified, five TARGET Business Days and shall not be less 
than five unless otherwise agreed with the Agent). 
"TARGET Business Day" means any day on which T2 is open.

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
(i) 
Subject to Condition 5.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent 
Adviser)), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to 
Condition 5.2(g)(ii) above, in respect of any TARGET Business Day 
in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to 
be determined, such €STR reference rate is not made available on the 
Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate in 
respect of such TARGET Business Day shall be the €STR reference 
rate for the first preceding TARGET Business Day in respect of 
which €STR reference rate was published by the European Central 
Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 5.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent 
Adviser)), if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5.2(g), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have 
been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first 
Interest Period). 
(h) 
Interest – SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily 
reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) × 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as 
determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index" means either the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR 
Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
"End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant 
Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or 
such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest 
Period); 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking 
Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the 
case of the SOFR Compounded Index, 360;

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the 
fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh 
decimal place in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or 
down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 being rounded 
upwards);  
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise 
specified shall be five; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as 
published at 10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator 
of SONIA) on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor 
source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SOFR rate as published at 
15:00 (New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or 
any successor source; and 
"Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant 
Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of the relevant 
Compounded Index, if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not 
published for the relevant Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, 
then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as 
if Index Determination was not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR had been specified instead in 
the Final Terms, and in each case "Observation Shift" had been specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, and where the Observation Shift 
Period shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant Number specified in the Final 
Terms and where, in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page 
will be determined by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, if a Benchmark Event has 
occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded Index, the provisions of Condition 
5.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) shall apply. 
(i) 
Interest – Reset Note Provisions 
(i) 
This Condition 5.2(i) is applicable to the Notes only if the Interest - Reset Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.  
(ii) 
Such Notes shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount of the 
Notes:  
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms until (but excluding) the First Reset Date at 
the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest;  
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate per annum 
equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and  
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per 
annum equal to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest,  
(iii) 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (subject to adjustment as described in Condition 5.1 
(Interest on Fixed Rate Notes)) and on the Maturity Date, as applicable. The 
Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined,

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions 
for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 5.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate 
Notes). 
(iv) 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available 
or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 12:00 PM in the 
Relevant Financial Centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset 
Determination Date in question. 
(v) 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period 
shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(vi) 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as 
provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be 
determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in 
the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
shall be the Initial Rate of Interest (though substituting, where a different 
Relevant Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Reset Period, the Relevant Margin relating to the 
relevant Reset Period, in place of the Relevant Margin relating to that last 
preceding Reset Period). 
(vii) 
If Reset Reference Rate Conversion is so specified as being applicable, the 
First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest will be converted from the Original Reset Reference Rate Basis 
specified in the relevant Final Terms to a basis which matches the per annum 
frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant Notes (such 
calculation to be determined by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading 
financial institution selected by it).  
(viii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(i): 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset 
Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset 
Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date or date of any 
final redemption;  
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and 
subject to this Condition 5.2(i), the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the 
relevant Reset Reference Rate and the First Margin;  
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid 
and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency of a fixed-for-floating 
interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction 
(i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the 
relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on 
the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means the rate as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and 
subject to this Condition 5.2(i), either:  
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
rate for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per 
cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate 
quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Relevant Financial 
Centre of the Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
"Original Reset Reference Rate Basis" has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly;  
"Rate of Interest" means in the case of Reset Notes, the Initial Rate of 
Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest, as applicable;  
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none, four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most 
closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer 
on the advice of an investment bank of international repute;  
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date 
(i) the arithmetic average (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination 
Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of all such quotations;

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reset Period, the rate per 
annum equal to the yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reset Reference Bond, assuming a price for 
the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) 
equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if only one Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotation is received or if no Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received in respect of the 
determination of the Reference Bond Price, the Rate of Interest shall not be 
determined by reference to the Reference Bond Rate and the Rate of Interest 
shall instead be, in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest, the Initial Rate 
of Interest and, in the case of any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date (though substituting, where a 
different Relevant Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period, the Relevant Margin 
relating to the relevant Reset Period, in place of the Relevant Margin relating 
to that last preceding Reset Period);  
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by 
the Issuer (following, where practicable, consultation with the Determination 
Agent, if one is specified in the relevant Final Terms), or their affiliates, which 
are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, 
or (ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to 
any Reference Government Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, 
the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and 
offered prices for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its principal amount) as at the Reset Determination Time and 
quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government 
Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Margin" means the First Margin and/or the Subsequent Margin(s), 
as the case may be, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each 
Subsequent Reset Date (as applicable), in each case as adjusted (if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) in accordance with Condition 5 (Interest) as if the 
relevant Reset Date was an Interest Payment Date; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the 
second Business Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first 
Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the Second Reset 
Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second 
Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period, or in 
each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Time" means in relation to a Reset Determination 
Date, 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on 
such Reset Determination Date or such other time as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Note" means a Note on which interest is calculated at reset rates 
payable in arrear on a fixed date or dates in each year and/or at intervals of 
one, two, three, six or 12 months or at such other date or intervals as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealer(s) (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms);

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as 
the case may be; 
"Reset Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or 
securities issued by the government of the state responsible for issuing the 
Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall deemed to 
be Germany) agreed between the Issuer and the Determination Agent as 
having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant 
Reset Period and that (in the opinion of the Issuer, after consultation with the 
Determination Agent) would be utilised, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a 
maturity comparable to the relevant Reset Period; 
"Reset Reference Rate" means either (i) the Mid-Swap Rate, or (ii) the 
Reference Bond Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the 
Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and 
each successive period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date; and 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent 
Reset Period and subject to this Condition 5.2(i), the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date 
as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the relevant Subsequent 
Margin. 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) is less than such 
Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) is greater than such 
Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Maximum Rate of Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(k) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes the Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating 
Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined 
in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any 
further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5.2: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap 
year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an 
Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on 
a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(l) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable) and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
or Reset Notes (as applicable) are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day 
of each Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable)) and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. 
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable). Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) are 
for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for general business in London. 
(m) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained, for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5.2, by the Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders 
and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the 
Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to 
such provisions.  
(n) 
Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser) 
Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note for which the 
Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR", if a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable) when the Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) for any Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) remains to be determined 
by reference to such Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable), then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5.2(n)(i)) and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 5.2(n)(ii)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5.2(n)(iii)).  
If, notwithstanding the use of reasonable endeavours, the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, or if an Independent Adviser is appointed by the Issuer but fails to make 
any relevant determination specified to be made by it under this Condition 5.2(n) prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Issuer itself (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) shall be entitled to make the relevant determination(s). In such case, 
remaining references in this Condition 5.2(n) to determinations made, or to be made, by the 
Independent Adviser shall be construed accordingly. 
An Independent Adviser appointed shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Noteholders for any determination made by it 
pursuant to this Condition 5.2(n) and the Fiscal Agent will not be liable for any loss, liability, 
cost, charge or expense which may arise as a result thereof. 
(i) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that:  
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5.2(n)(i)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Floating Leg

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable) to determine the Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part(s) thereof) for the relevant Interest 
Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 5.2(n) in the event of a further Benchmark 
Event affecting the Successor Rate; or  
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 5.2(n) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) and all following Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as 
applicable), subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
5.2(n)(i) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the 
Alternative Rate.  
(ii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) (which may be expressed as a specified quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero)) 
and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(iii) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 5.2(n) and the Independent 
Adviser determines in its discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions 
and/or the Agency Agreement (including, without limitation, amendments to 
the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days, Interest Determination 
Date, or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the 
Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
5.2(n)(iv), without any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the 
Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions as the Agent may be required in order to give 
effect to this Condition 5.2(n)). 
(iv) 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (B) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5.2(n) 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date 
(as applicable), and in any such case the Issuer does not itself make any such 
determination, as applicable, the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable) applicable to the relevant Interest Period 
or Reset Period (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable) applicable as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as 
applicable). If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference 
Rate or the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable) shall be 
the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period or the Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate applicable to the first Reset Period (as 
applicable). For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this 
Condition 5.2(n) shall apply only to the relevant Interest Period or Reset

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
Period (as applicable). Any subsequent Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) may be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
5.2(n)).  
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5.2(n) 
will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Successor Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate 
and, (z) where applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the 
specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
5.2(n); and  
(B) 
certifying that (1) the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and (2) the intent of the 
drafting of such changes is solely to implement the relevant 
Benchmark Amendments.  
The Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without further enquiry 
and without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
(i) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in 
the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents and the Noteholders.  
(ii) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5.2(n), no Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable) will be adopted, 
and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to 
this Condition5.2(n), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the 
Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of 
the Notes as:  
(A) 
in the case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Senior Subordinated Notes, eligible liabilities and/or loss-absorbing 
capacity of the Issuer and/or the Group; or  
(B) 
in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Subordinated Capital 
of the Issuer and/or the Group,  
(iii) 
or, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, if and to the extent that, in 
the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
result in the Resolution Authority treating a future Interest Payment Date as 
the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date for 
the purposes of qualification as eligible liabilities and/or loss-absorbing 
capacity of the Issuer and/or the Group.  
(iv) 
As used in this Condition 5.2(n): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
case, which the Independent Adviser determines is required to be applied to 
the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the 
replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate), the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce 
an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate or Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable); or  
(C) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser 
determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference 
the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable), where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or  
(D) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard 
is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines 
to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable) with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 5.2(n) is 
customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the Specified Currency; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in this Condition 
5.2(n); 
"Benchmark Event" means with respect to the Rate of Interest, any one or 
more of the following: 
(A) 
the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference 
Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will 
be appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it 
has ceased publishing such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate 
or Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to 
do so by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or  
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate 
that such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate 
that means that such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate (as applicable) will, by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its 
use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either 
generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate 
(as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate is or will, by a 
specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer 
representative of an underlying market or (ii) the methodology to 
calculate such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference 
Rate has materially changed; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, 
become unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate 
(as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable) or under that Regulation as 
it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended, in each case if 
applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark 
Event is a public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D), or (E) above 
and the Specified Future Date in the public statement is more than six months 
after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be 
deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified 
Future Date. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the 
international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable):  
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired 
by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency 
to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof; and  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
5.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is 
the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
6.2 
Payments Subject to Fiscal and Other Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 
(Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
6.3 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in Condition 6.1 (Method of payment) above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and 
payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as 
aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum 
due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the "United States" (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
(including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons pertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each 
amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of 
the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
would otherwise have become void under Condition 8 (Taxation)) or, if later, five years from the 
date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) pertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons 
will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is 
less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a 
Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest 
remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender 
of the relevant definitive Note. 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between 
any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note 
by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear, or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a 
particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to 
Euroclear, or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his or her share of each payment 
so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in 
the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. 
dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
delay. For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 9 
(Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of 
presentation; 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(iii) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, on a day on which T2 is open; and 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
7 (Redemption and Purchase); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
7.9 (Early Redemption Amounts)) and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 8 (Taxation). 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
(a) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (which shall be at least 
equal to the Nominal Amount of each Note) specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(b) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will have a maturity as permitted in accordance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time.

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
(c) 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have a maturity of not less than five years or as 
otherwise permitted in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the 
relevant time. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), the Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note or Reset Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note or Reset Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at 
their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for 
redemption, if as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the 
Republic of Poland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after an agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes: 
(a) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 8 (Taxation) and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it; and 
(b) 
in the case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated 
Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes (as applicable), the Issuer is no longer entitled to 
claim a deduction in respect of any payments in computing its taxation liabilities or the 
value of such deduction to the Issuer would be materially reduced or the applicable tax 
treatment of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated 
Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes (as applicable) changes, 
provided that, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that such change is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the Issue Date, and 
provided, further, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes 
were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days (or such 
other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the Interest 
Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were 
then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders: (A) a certificate 
signed by the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred; (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect 
that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such 
change or amendment; and (C) in the case of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, if required under Applicable 
Banking Regulations, confirmation that the Competent Authority has given its consent to the 
redemption. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 7.2, the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 7.2.

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
7.3 
Early Redemption due to Capital Disqualification Event 
If, in respect of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only, a Capital Disqualification Event occurs as a 
result of a change (or any pending change which the Competent Authority considers sufficiently 
certain) in Polish law, the law of any other relevant jurisdiction or Applicable Banking 
Regulations becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer may, at its option and 
having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), elect to 
redeem in accordance with these Conditions all, but not some only, of the Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes at their principal amount, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption. 
The appropriate notice referred to in this Condition 7.3 is a notice given by the Issuer to the 
Agent and the Noteholders, which notice shall be signed by the Issuer and shall specify: 
(a) 
that a Capital Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing; 
(b) 
that the Issuer has obtained the prior written consent of the Competent Authority, 
provided that at the relevant time such consent is required to be given; and 
(c) 
the due date for such redemption, which shall be not less than 30 nor more than 60 days 
after the date on which such notice is validly given. 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make the 
redemption therein specified. 
Redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons pursuant to this Condition 7.3 is 
subject to the prior consent of the Competent Authority if and as required therefor under 
Applicable Banking Regulations and may only take place in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Capital Disqualification Event" means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with 
the Competent Authority, that as a result of a change in Polish law or Applicable Banking 
Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective 
on or after the Issue Date (including as a result of the implementation or applicability in Poland 
of CRD on or after the Issue Date) which change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as 
at the Issue Date of such Series, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes is fully excluded or partially excluded from inclusion in the Tier 2 
Subordinated Capital of the Issuer or the Group; 
"CRD" means, taken together, the (i) CRD Directive, (ii) CRR Regulation and (iii) any CRD 
Implementing Measures; 
"Tier 2 Subordinated Capital" means Tier 2 Subordinated Capital as provided under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
7.4 
Early Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event 
If, in the case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes, 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes where the MREL Disqualification Event has been specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms only, following the MREL Requirement Date, a MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, at its option and 
having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders of the relevant Notes (as applicable) (which notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the date for redemption), elect to redeem in accordance with 
these Conditions all, but not some only, of the relevant Notes (as applicable) at their principal 
amount, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the relevant Notes (as applicable).

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
The appropriate notice referred to in this Condition is a notice given by the Issuer to the Agent 
and the Noteholders, which notice shall be signed by the Issuer and shall specify: 
(a) 
that a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing; 
(b) 
that the Issuer has obtained the prior written consent of the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, provided that at the relevant time such consent is required to be given; and 
(c) 
the due date for such redemption, which shall be not less than 30 nor more than 60 days 
after the date on which such notice is validly given. 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make the 
redemption therein specified. 
Any refusal by the Relevant Resolution Authority to grant its approval as described above will 
not constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes. 
Redemption of Notes pursuant to this Condition 7.4 will be subject to Condition 7.5 
(Restrictions on early redemption). 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and, policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments of the Republic of Poland, and/or of the European 
Parliament or of the Council of the European Union then in effect in the Republic of Poland or 
any other relevant jurisdiction giving effect to MREL or any successor principles then applicable 
to the Issuer and/or the Group, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, 
CRD, the BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to 
MREL or any successor principles then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines 
or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to 
the Issuer and/or the Group); 
"MREL" means the "minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities" for credit 
institutions under the BRRD, set in accordance with Article 45 of the BRRD (as transposed in 
Poland or any other relevant jurisdiction), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 
23 May 2016, supplementing Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council with regard to regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the 
methodology for setting the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, or any 
successor requirement under the EU legislation and relevant implementing legislation and 
regulation in Poland or any other relevant jurisdiction; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means in respect of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, Senior 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior MREL Notes, the determination by 
the Issuer that, as a result of any amendment to, or change in, or replacement of, the relevant 
Applicable Banking Regulations or any change in the application or official interpretation of any 
Applicable MREL Regulations, in any such case becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of 
the relevant Series of the Notes, the whole or any part of the outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of such Series at any time is not included in, ceases or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority) will cease to count towards, the Issuer's or the Group's eligible 
liabilities and/or loss-absorbing capacity (in each case for the purposes of, and in accordance 
with, the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations and provided that such change was not 
reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of such Series); provided that an MREL 
Disqualification Event shall not occur if such whole or part of the outstanding principal amount 
of the relevant Series of Notes is not included in, ceases or (in the opinion of the Issuer) will 
cease to count towards, such eligible liabilities and/or loss-absorbing capacity due to: (a) the 
remaining maturity of such Notes being less than the minimum period prescribed by the relevant 
Applicable Banking Regulations; or (b) any applicable limits on the amount of "eligible 
liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL 
Requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group being exceeded;

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
"MREL Requirement Date" means the time from which the Issuer and/or the Group is obliged 
to meet any MREL Requirements; and 
"MREL Requirements" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group under the Applicable MREL Regulations. 
7.5 
Restrictions on early redemption 
(a) 
The Issuer may redeem in accordance with the terms of these Conditions (and give 
notice thereof to the Noteholders) the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only if such 
redemption is in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and it has been 
granted the approval of or permission from (in the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes) the Competent Authority or (in the case of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority and: 
(i) 
before or at the same time as such redemption or repurchase of any Notes, the 
Issuer replaces such Notes with own funds instruments (or, in the case of the 
Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated 
Notes, eligible liabilities instruments) of an equal or higher quality at terms 
that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority (in 
the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) or the Relevant Resolution Authority 
(in the case of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes) that its own funds and eligible liabilities would, following 
such redemption or repurchase, exceed the requirements (in the case of Senior 
MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes, for 
own funds and eligible liabilities) under CRD and BRRD by a margin that (in 
the case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority, in agreement with the 
Competent Authority, or (in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) the 
Competent Authority, considers necessary; or 
(iii) 
in the case of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes only, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Relevant Resolution Authority that the partial or full replacement of the 
eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in the CRD for 
continuing authorisation; and 
(iv) 
in the case of redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes before five years after 
the Issue Date of the last Tranche of such Series of Notes if the conditions 
listed in sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) above and one of the following conditions are 
met: 
(A) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital 
Disqualification Event, (i) the Competent Authority considers such 
change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to 
the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the Capital 
Disqualification Event was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of 
the issuance of the Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a taxation reason, 
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority 
that the change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series; 
(C) 
before or at the same time as such redemption or repurchase of the 
relevant Notes, the Issuer replaces the Notes with own funds

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
instruments of an equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for its income capacity and the Competent Authority has permitted 
that action on the basis of the determination that it would be 
beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional 
circumstances; or 
(D) 
the Notes are repurchased for market-making purposes. 
(b) 
Any refusal by (in the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority 
or (in the case of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority to grant its approval or 
permission as described above will not constitute an event of default under the relevant 
Notes. 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 7.6 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at 
the option of the Issuer (other than where Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) applies), 
such option being referred to as an "Issuer Call". The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to any Issuer Call and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 7.6 for full 
information on any Issuer Call. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the 
Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum 
amount of Notes which can be redeemed and the applicable notice periods. 
If an Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem all (but not part) of the relevant Series of Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. 
In the case of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, 
redemption at the option of the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 7.6 will be subject to the prior 
consent of the Competent Authority if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking 
Regulations and may only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in 
force at the relevant time. 
7.7 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-up Call) 
This Condition 7.7 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at 
the option of the Issuer, such option being referred to as an "Issuer Clean-up Call". The 
applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer Clean-up Call and must be 
read in conjunction with this Condition 7.7 for full information on any Issuer Clean-up Call. In 
particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Clean-up Call Threshold, the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Clean-up Call) and the applicable notice periods. 
If Issuer Clean-up Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, and if, at 
any time (other than as a direct result of a redemption of some, but not all, of the Notes at the 
Issuer's option pursuant to Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call))), 
the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes is 25 per cent. (or such other amount as 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms) or less of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 17 
(Further Issues) and consolidated with the Notes as part of the same Series shall be deemed to 
have been originally issued) (the "Clean-up Call Threshold"), the Issuer may redeem all (but 
not some only) of the remaining outstanding Notes on any date (or, if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, on any Interest 
Payment Date) upon giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (or 
such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) (which notice shall 
specify the date for redemption and shall be irrevocable), at the Optional Redemption Amount

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
(Clean-up Call) together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.7, 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of 
the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes is equal to or less 
than the Clean-up Call Threshold. The Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to accept such certificate as 
sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out above, in which event it 
shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
In the case of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, 
redemption at the option of the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 7.7 will be subject to the prior 
consent of the Competent Authority if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking 
Regulations and may only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in 
force at the relevant time. 
7.8 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 7.8 applies to Ordinary Senior Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the 
Maturity Date at the option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an "Investor 
Put". The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be 
read in conjunction with this Condition 7.8 for full information on any Investor Put. In 
particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the 
Optional Redemption Amount and the applicable notice periods. 
If, in respect of the Ordinary Senior Notes, Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, 
redeem such Ordinary Senior Note on the Optional Redemption Date or within the time 
period(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Put Period(s)") (in the case of a Put 
Period such notice shall specify an Optional Redemption Date for the Notes) and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note 
is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying 
Agent falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the then 
current form obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or (a "Put Notice") and 
in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition, and the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the 
Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its 
order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder 
of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
may include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or 
any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, or by them to the Agent by 
electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to 
time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.8 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred 
and, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.8 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and 
payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default).

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
7.9 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) and Condition 10 (Events of 
Default), each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the 
first Tranche of the Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price of the first Tranche of the Series, 
at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY)y 
where: 
"RP" means the Reference Price; 
"AY" means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"Y" is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and 
the denominator will be 365). 
7.10 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 7.5 (Restrictions on early redemption), the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the 
Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons pertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the 
open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the 
Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of the Issuer's 
subsidiaries, if and to the extent permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations at the relevant 
time the Notes to be purchased: (a) comply with any applicable threshold as may be requested or 
required by the Relevant Resolution Authority from time to time; and (b) are purchased in order 
to be surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
Any refusal by (in the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority or (in the 
case of the Senior MREL Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Senior Subordinated 
Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority to grant its approval or permission as described above 
will not constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Notes. 
7.11 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased for cancellation will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
Notes so cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.8 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued 
or resold. 
7.12 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Redemption at maturity), 7.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), 7.3 (Early Redemption due to Capital Disqualification Event) or 7.4 (Early 
Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event) above or upon its becoming due and repayable 
as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount 
due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as 
provided in Condition 7.9(c) (Early Redemption Amounts) as though the references therein to the 
date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and 
payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
8. 
TAXATION 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes (whether in respect of interest or, in the case of 
Ordinary Senior Notes only, principal, redemption amount or otherwise) by or on behalf of the 
Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes or duties or charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by 
the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction in the case of Ordinary 
Senior Notes, or interest only, in the case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, as would otherwise have been 
receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of 
any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
held by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; 
(b) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon is presented or surrendered for payment more than 
30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent that the holder 
thereof would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or 
surrendering such Note or Coupon or payment on the last day of such period of 30 
days; or 
(c) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder or any official 
interpretations thereof. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means Poland or any other jurisdiction, or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent 
on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Issuer be required 
to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons for, or on account 
of, any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are 
made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6.3 
(Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to 
Condition 6.3 (Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons). 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
10.1 
Events of Default relating to Ordinary Senior Notes 
This Condition 10.1 is applicable in relation to Ordinary Senior Notes only. 
The following events or circumstances (each an "Event of Default") shall be events of default in 
relation to the Ordinary Senior Notes of any Series, namely: 
(a) 
Non-payment 
The Issuer fails to pay any amount of interest or principal due in respect of the Ordinary 
Senior Notes of the relevant Series or any of them on the due date for payment thereof 
and such default continues for a period of seven days on which banks are open for 
business in Poland; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations 
If the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other material obligations under these 
Conditions in respect of the Ordinary Senior Notes of the relevant Series or the Agency 
Agreement and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no 
continuation or notice as hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues 
for the period of 30 days next following the service by any holder of the Ordinary 
Senior Notes on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
Cross Acceleration 
If any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes 
due and repayable prematurely by reason of any event of default (however described) or 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of 
any Relevant Indebtedness on the due date thereof as extended by any applicable grace 
period or if default is made by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries in making 
any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any 
Relevant Indebtedness of any other person, provided that no such event shall 
constitute an Event of Default unless the Relevant Indebtedness or other relative 
liability either alone or when aggregated with other Relevant Indebtedness and/or other 
liabilities relative to all (if any) other such event which shall have occurred and be 
continuing shall amount to at least €15,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency; 
or

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
(d) 
Dissolution 
If any order is made by any competent court or a resolution is passed for the dissolution 
of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, save for, in the case of a Material 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, 
reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent; or 
(e) 
Cessation of Business 
If the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or announces an intention to 
cease to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business, save for (i) in the 
case of a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent or in other instances; (ii) 
the purposes of a reorganisation of the Issuer and any such Material Subsidiary on 
terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or (iii) as otherwise 
permitted by applicable law; or 
(f) 
Insolvency/Winding up 
If (i) the Issuer is insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, stops, suspends or 
threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of (or of a particular type 
of) its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition 
with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a 
moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or of a 
particular type of) the debts of the Issuer; (ii) proceedings are initiated against any of 
the Issuer's Material Subsidiaries under any applicable bankruptcy, restructuring, 
liquidation, insolvency or composition laws or a receiver or manager under or in respect 
of any such law is appointed in relation to any of the Issuer's Material Subsidiaries or, 
as the case may be, in relation to the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or 
assets of any of them, or any encumbrance takes possession of the whole or 
substantially the whole of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out 
or put in force against the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any 
of them, and (iii) in any case is not discharged within two months; or if any of the 
Issuer's Material Subsidiaries initiates or consents to judicial or other proceedings 
relating to itself under any applicable bankruptcy, restructuring, liquidation, insolvency 
or composition laws or makes a transfer of title or assignment for the benefit of, or 
enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any 
class of its creditors) in relation to any such law or any meeting is convened to consider 
a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class 
of its creditors) under any above law. 
(g) 
Withdrawal of Banking Licence 
If the banking operations of the Issuer are suspended or the Issuer's banking licence is 
withdrawn pursuant to applicable Polish banking law. 
10.2 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
"Auditors" means the auditors from time to time of the Issuer, as the context may require, or, in 
the event of any of them being unable or unwilling to carry out any actions requested of them 
pursuant to these Conditions, means any other firm of certified accountants of international 
standing or repute in Poland nominated by the Issuer; 
"Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Issuer: (a) whose gross revenues 
(consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or whose total assets 
(consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) represent not less than 15 
per cent. of the consolidated gross revenues of the Issuer, or, as the case may be, consolidated 
total assets, of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by 
reference to the then latest audited accounts (consolidated, or, as the case may be,

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
unconsolidated) of the Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer 
and its Subsidiaries; or (b) to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the 
undertaking and assets of a Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately before the transfer is a 
Material Subsidiary of the Issuer, all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement. A 
certificate by the Management Board of the Issuer confirming that in their opinion a Subsidiary 
of the Issuer is or is not or was or was not at any particular time a Material Subsidiary of the 
Issuer accompanied by a report of the Auditors addressed to the Issuer (as to proper extraction of 
the figures used by the Management Board of the Issuer in determining the Material Subsidiaries 
of the Issuer and mathematical accuracy of the calculation) shall, in the absence of manifest 
error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
"Subsidiary" means any company or corporation: (A) which is controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the first-mentioned company or corporation; or (B) more than half the issued share capital of 
which is beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by the first-mentioned company or 
corporation; or (C) which is a Subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the first-mentioned company 
or corporation, and, for these purposes, a company or corporation shall be treated as being 
controlled by another if that other company or corporation is able to direct its affairs and/or to 
control the composition of its board of directors or equivalent body. 
10.3 
Events of Default relating to Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
Save as provided below, there are no events of default under the Senior MREL Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, which could 
lead to an acceleration of the relevant Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
However, if an order is made by any competent court commencing insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer or if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the 
winding up or dissolution of the Issuer and such order is continuing, then any Holder of a Note 
may, unless there has been a resolution to the contrary by the Noteholders, by written notice 
addressed by the Noteholder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer and to the Specified 
Office of the Issue and Principal Paying Agent (and addressed to the Issuer), be declared 
immediately due and payable, whereupon the principal amount of such Notes together with any 
accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of payment shall become immediately due and 
payable without further action or formality. 
10.4 
Notices relating to Events of Default 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the principal or any other redemption 
amount of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other outstanding amounts due under or in respect 
of the Notes, the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another 
person, as a result of the exercise of any Polish bail-in power by the Competent Authority with 
respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Polish bail-in power by the Competent Authority 
with respect to the Notes pursuant to Condition 20 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers), will be an Event of Default. 
10.5 
Occurrence of Event of Default 
Subject to Condition 10.3 (Events of Default relating to Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) if any Event of 
Default shall occur and be continuing in relation to any Series, any holder of a Note of the 
relevant Series may, by written notice to the Issuer, at the specified office of the Paying Agent, 
declare that such Note and (if the Note is interest-bearing) all interest then accrued on such Note 
shall be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall become immediately due and 
payable at its early termination amount (which shall be its outstanding principal amount or, if 
such Note is non interest bearing, its Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 7.9(c) 
(Early Redemption Amounts) or such other redemption amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the applicable Final Terms, together with all 
interest (if any) accrued thereon without presentation, demand, protest or other notice of any 
kind, all of which the Issuer will expressly waive, anything contained in such Notes to the

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
contrary notwithstanding, unless, prior thereto, all Events of Default in respect of the Notes of 
the relevant Series shall have been cured. 
11. 
SUBSTITUTION AND VARIATION 
If Substitution and Variation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to the 
Notes and (i) a Capital Disqualification Event, (ii) an MREL Disqualification Event or (iii) a 
circumstance giving rise to the right of the Issuer to redeem the Notes for taxation reasons under 
Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) occurs and is continuing, or to ensure the 
effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 20 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers), the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes (as the case may be) or 
modify the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they are substituted for, or varied to, become, or 
remain, Qualifying Notes, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) and the Agent (which notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the date for substitution or, as applicable, variation), and subject 
to obtaining the prior consent of the Competent Authority if and as required therefor under 
Applicable Banking Regulations and in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in 
force at the relevant time, provided that in each case 
(a) 
such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to 
redeem the varied or substituted securities; 
(b) 
such variation or substitution would not itself directly lead to a downgrade in any of the 
credit ratings solicited by the Issuer of the Notes as assigned to such Notes by any 
Rating Agency immediately prior to such variation or substitution (unless any such 
downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 20 
(Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)); and 
(c) 
such variation or substitution is not materially less favourable to Noteholders of the 
relevant Notes (unless any such prejudice is solely attributable to the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 20 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers)). 
Any refusal by (in the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority or (in the 
case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes) the 
Relevant Resolution Authority to grant its approval as described above will not constitute an 
event of default under the relevant Notes. 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or 
variation shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new 
Conditions of the Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected without any cost or 
charge to the Noteholders. 
Noteholders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing and holding any Notes, be deemed 
to accept the substitution or variation of the terms of such Notes and to grant to the Issuer full 
power and authority to take any action and/or to execute and deliver any document in the name 
and/or on behalf of the Noteholders which is necessary or convenient to complete the 
substitution or variation of the terms of the Notes. 
In these Conditions: 
"Qualifying Notes" means, at any time, any securities denominated in the Specified Currency 
and issued directly by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability 
of Condition 20 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not 
otherwise materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the Notes, provided 
that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate signed by two authorised signatories to that 
effect to the Noteholders not less than five Business Days prior to (x) in the case of a substitution 
of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 11, the issue date of the relevant securities or (y) in the 
case of a variation of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 11, the date such variation becomes 
effective, provided that such securities shall:

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
(a) 
(i) in the case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes, if the MREL Requirement Date has occurred, contain terms which 
comply with the then-current requirements for MREL-eligible Notes as embodied in the 
Applicable MREL Regulations, and (ii) in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, 
contain terms which comply with the then-current requirements for their inclusion in 
the Tier 2 Subordinated Capital of the Issuer; and 
(b) 
carry the same rate of interest as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to this Condition 11 (Substitution and Variation); and 
(c) 
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal amount as the Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 11 (Substitution 
and Variation); and 
(d) 
have the same date of maturity and the same dates for payment of interest as the Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 11 (Substitution 
and Variation); and 
(e) 
have at least the same ranking; and 
(f) 
not, immediately following such substitution or variation, be subject to a Capital 
Disqualification Event, an MREL Disqualification Event and/or an early redemption 
right for taxation reasons according to Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), as 
applicable; and 
(g) 
be listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange as selected by the Issuer, if the 
Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 11 (Substitution and 
Variation). 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs, taxes, 
duties and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence 
security and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection 
with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any 
other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent, which may be the 
Agent, with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in 
New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.5 (General provisions applicable 
to payments). Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will 
be given to the Noteholders promptly in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices).

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
14. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such 
further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Note to which it pertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 9 (Prescription). 
15. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and on the Issuer's website 
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/en/about-the-bank/investor-relations and (b) if and for so long 
as the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of, the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's website, www.luxse.com. It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper 
will be made in the Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg. The 
Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than 
one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the 
holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or 
are admitted to trading by another relevant authority, such notice will be published in such 
manner as may be required by the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day on which the 
said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by 
any holder of a Note to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND SUBSTITUTION 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions (which shall have effect as if incorporated herein) 
for convening (including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) 
meetings of the holders of Notes of any Series to consider any matter affecting their interest, 
including (without limitation) the modification by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement or the Deed of Covenant. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be 
convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any 
such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons or 
the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement (including modifying the date of maturity of the 
Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal 
or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the 
Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at any meeting of the holders of Notes of any Series will be binding on all holders of the 
Notes of such Series, whether or not they are present and/or voting at the meeting, and on all 
holders of Coupons relating to Notes of such Series. 
The Issuer may, with the consent of the Agent, but without the consent of the holders of the 
Notes of any Series or Coupons, agree to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the 
Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree such modifications to the Agency 
Agreement, the Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant as may be required in order to 
give effect to Condition 5.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) in connection 
with effecting any Alternative Reference Rate, Successor Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Amendments referred to in Condition 5.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent 
Adviser)) without the requirement for the consent or sanction of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) 
above as soon as practicable thereafter. 
The Issuer, or any previous substituted company, may, at any time, without the consent of the 
holders of the Notes of any Series or Coupons, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the 
Notes, the Coupons and the Talons any company (the "Substitute") that is a Subsidiary of the 
Issuer, provided that no payment in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time 
overdue. The substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the "Deed Poll"), to be substantially in 
the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement as Schedule 8, and may take place only if (i) the 
Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each holder of a Note, Coupon or 
Talon against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge that is imposed on it by, or by 
any authority in or of, the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax 
purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note, Coupon, Talon or the 
Deed of Covenant and that would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, 
as well as against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, 
relating to the substitution, (ii) the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Notes, 
Coupons, Talons and the Deed of Covenant shall be unconditionally guaranteed by the Issuer by 
means of the Deed Poll, (iii) all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and 
done (including the obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Notes, 
Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Substitute and in the case of the Deed Poll of the Issuer have been taken, 
fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect, (iv) the Substitute shall have become party to 
the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an 
original party to it, (v) legal opinions addressed to the holders of Notes shall have been delivered 
to them (care of the Agent) from a lawyer or firm of lawyers with a leading securities practice in 
each jurisdiction referred to in limb (i) above and in England as to the fulfilment of the preceding 
conditions of limb (iii) above and the other matters specified in the Deed Poll and (vi) the Issuer 
shall have given at least 14 days' prior notice of such substitution to the holders of Notes, stating 
that copies or, pending execution, the agreed text of all documents in relation to the substitution

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
that are referred to above, or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to holders 
of Notes, shall be available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
References in Condition 10 (Events of Default) to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to 
include obligations under the Deed Poll, and, where the Deed Poll contains a guarantee, the 
events listed in Condition 10 (Events of Default) shall be deemed to include that guarantee not 
being (or being claimed by the guarantor not to be) in full force and effect. 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the 
Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons are, and shall be, governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law except the provisions of Condition 2 (Status of the Notes) and 
Condition 20 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers) which shall be governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, Polish law. 
19.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their 
existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a "Dispute"), and 
accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any 
Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 19.2, each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or 
Couponholders taking proceedings in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to 
the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum 
to settle any Dispute. 
19.3 
Appointment of Process Agent  
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Banco Comercial Portugues, S.A., London Representative 
Office at its office at 1st Floor, 63 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4N 4UA, United Kingdom 
as its agent for service of process, in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any 
Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of Banco Comercial Portugues, S.A., London 
Representative Office being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately 
appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute. 
The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate 
service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by 
law.

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
19.4 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction 
of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar 
to those set out above. 
20. 
ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF BAIL-IN AND LOSS ABSORPTION POWERS 
20.1 
Notwithstanding, and to the exclusion of, any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes 
of this Condition 20, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition 
of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the 
Notes may be subject to the exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent 
Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and 
agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent 
Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) 
may include and result in any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes and/or Coupons; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes and/or Coupons into shares, other securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer or another person, and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder, 
Couponholder of such shares, securities or obligations, including by means of 
an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes and/or 
Coupons (in which case the Noteholder or the Couponholder agrees to accept, 
in lieu of its rights under the Notes and/or Coupons, any such shares, securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or another person); 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or Coupons the Relevant Amounts in respect of 
the Notes;  
(iv) 
amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date(s) on which interest 
becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
and 
(v) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, if necessary, to give effect to the 
exercise of any Polish bail-in power by the Competent Authority and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder (including, for these purposes, each 
holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes): (i) acknowledges, accepts, consents and 
agrees to be bound by the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers as may 
be exercised without any prior notice by the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority of its decision to exercise such power with respect to such Notes; 
and (ii) shall be deemed to have authorised, directed and requested Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, any accountholder in Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or other intermediary through which it holds such Notes to take any and 
all necessary action, if required, to implement the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers with respect to such Notes as it may be exercised, without any 
further action or direction on the part of such Noteholder or any Agent. 
(c) 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent 
Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer 
will provide a written notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Agents for 
information purposes. Each Noteholder acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
that any delay or failure by the Issuer to notify the Noteholders under this paragraph 
shall not affect (or be deemed to operate to affect) the validity and enforceability of the 
exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent Authority and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(d) 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the principal or any other 
redemption amount of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other outstanding amounts 
due under or in respect of the Notes, the conversion thereof into another security or 
obligation of the Issuer or another person or the variation of the terms of the Notes, as a 
result of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent 
Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the 
exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent Authority and/or 
the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 
20, will be an Event of Default. 
In these Conditions: 
"Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers" means any loss absorption, write-down, conversion, 
transfer, modification, suspension or similar or resolution-related power existing from time to 
time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in 
effect in the Republic of Poland, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD and (ii) the 
instruments, rules and standards created under the BRRD pursuant to which any obligation of the 
Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a 
temporary period); and 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes. References to such 
amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, 
prior to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent Authority 
and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority.

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
be applied by the Bank as follows: 
(a) 
where "General Corporate Purposes" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, for its general 
corporate purposes; or 
(b) 
where "Green Bonds" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the allocation of an amount 
equal to the net proceeds from such issue of Notes will be to finance assets determined to be 
eligible (the Eligible Assets Portfolio) under the "Bank Millennium Group Green Bond 
Framework" 
(the 
Green 
Bond 
Framework) 
published 
on 
the 
Bank's 
website 
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/documents/d/guest/millennium_group_green_bond_framework_
21_08_2024.  
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds other than "General 
Corporate Purposes" or "Green Bonds" (as applicable), then this will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Green Bond Framework describes the Eligible Assets Portfolio 
as a portfolio of loans financing assets which have been identified as having a positive environmental 
impact and falling within one of the Eligible Categories, as further set out (and defined) in the Green 
Bond Framework. As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Eligible Categories are based on subchapters 
of the Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 and include the following categories: (i) 
electricity generation using solar photovoltaic technology; (ii) electricity generation from wind power; 
(iii) construction of new buildings; (iv) renovation of existing buildings; (v) installation, maintenance and 
repair of renewable energy technologies; and (vi) acquisition and ownership of buildings. 
The Issuer intends to select assets to be included in the Eligible Assets Portfolio based on compliance 
with certain eligibility criteria, including certain national and international environmental standards, laws 
and regulations, as further described in the Green Bond Framework. 
The Issuer intends to manage the net proceeds from each issue of Green Bonds through a "portfolio 
approach" by allocating an amount equivalent to such net proceeds to the Eligible Assets Portfolio, as 
further described in the Green Bond Framework. The Issuer intends to publish an allocation report and 
impact report with respect to the Eligible Assets Portfolio from one year from the issue date of the first 
tranche of Green Bonds. Such reports will be published annually until the net proceeds of any such Green 
Bonds have been allocated in full. The Issuer may appoint an external expert to provide a limited 
assurance report on the impact and allocation reports. 
The Issuer may, in the future, update the Green Bond Framework in line with developments in the 
market. 
The 
Second 
Party 
Opinion 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
at: 
https://www.bankmillennium.pl/documents/d/guest/second_party_opinion_green_bond_framework_02_0
9_2024. 
For the avoidance of doubt, other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this 
Base Prospectus refers (including the Green Bond Framework, any report (including the allocation report 
and impact report referred to above), assessment, opinion or certification in relation thereto (including the 
Second Party Opinion)) shall not be incorporated by reference in, and do not form part of, this Base 
Prospectus. 
None of the Dealers shall be responsible for (i) any assessment of Eligible Assets Portfolios, (ii) any 
verification of whether the Eligible Assets Portfolios fall within an investor's requirements or 
expectations of a "green" or equivalently labelled project or (iii) the ongoing monitoring of the use of 
proceeds in respect of any such Green Bonds. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Assets 
Portfolios to fulfil any environmental and/or other criteria. Neither such opinion or certification nor the 
Framework are, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, any of the 
Dealers, any of their respective affiliates or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds. 
Any such opinion or certification is only current as at the date that opinion or certification was initially 
issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification 
for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors 
in any Green Bonds should also refer to the risk factors above headed, "Notes issued as Green Bonds with 
a specific use of proceeds, may not meet investor expectations or requirements", "No assurance of 
suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification of any third 
party relating to any Green Bonds", "No assurance that Green Bonds will be admitted to trading on any 
dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" (or similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, or that 
any admission obtained will be maintained" and "Green Bonds are not linked to the performance of the 
Eligible Assets Portfolio, do not benefit from any arrangements to enhance the performance of the Notes 
or any contractual rights or protections derived solely from the intended use of proceeds of such Notes". 
Any additional information related to the use of proceeds will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER AND OVERVIEW OF THE 
GROUP'S FINANCIAL CONDITION 
Presentation of financial information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Group has 
been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial years ended 
31 December 2023 and 2022 and the unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements of 
the Group for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024. 
The Group's financial year ends on 31 December and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific 
year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Group's annual financial 
statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU. The Group's interim 
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, 
Interim Financial Reporting. 
Selected financial information for the six-months period ended 30 June 2024 
In the six months period ended 30 June 2024, the Group posted a consolidated net profit of PLN 357 
million, approximately the same amount as in the six months period ended 30 June 2023. The main 
factors contributing to the Group's consolidated net profit in the first half of 2024 were the solid operating 
performance as well as creation of deferred tax assets. The Group's consolidated net profit was negatively 
impacted by the costs related to the FX Mortgage Loans, the costs of credit holidays and the banking tax 
(charge for June 2024), i.e. the tax charged on assets held by Polish banks. Before an adjustment for the 
costs related to the FX Mortgage Loans, the Group's consolidated net profit for the first half of 2024 was 
PLN 1,505 million. Before additional adjustments for the banking tax (adding hypothetical charges for 
January through May 2024, i.e. the period in which the Bank was exempt from the banking tax because of 
the implementation of the Recovery Plan) and the costs of credit holidays, the Group's consolidated net 
profit for the first half of 2024 was PLN 1,501 million, a 6 per cent. increase compared to the first half of 
2023. 
Core income, which is a combination of net interest income and net fee and commission income, was, as 
at 30 June 2024, PLN 2,926 million and decreased by 3 per cent. year-on-year, mainly because of the 
costs of the credit holidays. Before the adjustment for the costs of the credit holidays, core income for the 
first half of 2024 was PLN 3,127 million, a 4 per cent. increase compared to first half of 2023. The net 
interest income for the first half of 2024 was PLN 2,536 million, a 2 per cent. decrease year-on-year. The 
main reason for the decrease were the costs of the credit holidays. The net fee and commission income 
first half of 2024 decreased by 3 per cent. compared to the first half of 2023, to PLN 390 million. 
The net interest margin for the first half of 2024 was 4.32 per cent. and was lower by 39 basis points than 
the net interest margin for the first half of 2023. This decrease was largely a result of 75 basis point 
reduction of the reference rate in September 2023. 
Other non-interest income, which comprises foreign exchange results, results on financial assets and 
liabilities (without fair value adjustment on credit portfolios) and net other operating income and costs in 
the first half of 2024 was negative PLN 185 million. The main item negatively affecting the other non-
interest income in the first half of 2024 were the costs relating to settlements with borrowers under the FX 
Mortgage Loans. Additionally, in the corresponding period of 2023 the Group recognised PLN 597 
million pre-tax profit on the sale of the 80 per cent. stake in its subsidiary to Europa Insurance Group (the 
"bancassurance transaction"). 
The Group's total operating income in the first half of 2024 was PLN 2,741 million, a 23 per cent. 
decrease as compared to the first half of 2023. The main factors affecting the Group's total operating 
income were the costs of credit holidays, costs relating to the FX Mortgage Loans and the capital gain on 
the bancassurance transaction. Total operating income is calculated as the sum of net interest income, net 
fee and commission income, dividend income, net trading income, other income, other operating income 
and other operating expenses. 
Total operating costs, defined as administrative costs and depreciation, including contributions to the 
BGF and the institutional protection scheme, amounted to PLN 1,103 million in the first half of 2024, a 
14.0 per cent. increase compared to the first half of 2023. Personnel costs increased because of increase in

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
base salaries and higher provisions for bonuses. Administrative costs, including depreciation, increased 
because of higher legal and advisory costs, higher marketing expenses and increased IT and 
telecommunication costs. 
The cost-to-income ratio for the first half of 2024 was 40.3 per cent. and was higher by 13.1 percentage 
points as compared to the first half of 2023, mainly as a result of the credit holidays, higher legal and 
court expenses related to legal disputes related to FX Mortgage Loans and because in the first half of 
2023 the Group recorded capital gains on the bancassurance transaction. Adjusted cost-to-income ratio, 
i.e. without costs related to FX Mortgage Loans and extraordinary items was 31.3 per cent. in the first 
half of 2024 and was 1.6 percentage points higher than in the first half of 2023. 
Total cost of risk, which includes net impairment provisions, fair value adjustment of a part of a credit 
portfolio and result on modifications (excluding the part related to settlements with borrowers under FX 
Mortgage Loans), borne by the Group in in the first six months of 2024 was PLN 190.0 million and was 
11.0 per cent. higher than in the first six months of 2023. Risk charges for the retail segment were the 
main component of the cost of risk. In relative terms, the cost of risk (i.e. net charges to average gross 
loans) for the first half of 2024 reached 50 basis points (annualised) compared to 45 basis points in the 
first half of 2023. 
The Group's assets as at 30 June 2024 were PLN 135,535 million and were higher by 18 per cent. 
compared to 30 June 2023. The Group's total net loans and advances to clients was PLN 74,645 million as 
at 30 June 2024 and increased by 1 per cent. year-on-year. FX Mortgage Loans net of provisions 
decreased by 55 per cent. from 30 June 2023 and the share of the FX Mortgage Loans (excluding the 
loans originated by Euro Bank S.A. ("Euro Bank") in total gross loans decreased to 2.4 per cent. as at 30 
June 2024 from 5.5 per cent. as at 30 June 2023.  
The value of debt securities held by the Group reached PLN 50,180 million at the end of June 2024 and 
was 71 per cent. higher than at the end of June 2023. The increase of debt securities portfolio was a 
consequence of assets/liabilities policy as well as interest margin management policy and was correlated 
with the much stronger growth in deposits than in loans. Debt securities issued by the Polish State 
Treasury, other European Union member states and the NBP constituted 95 per cent. of the Group's debt 
securities portfolio as at 30 June 2024. 
As at 30 June 2024 liabilities accounted for 94.6 per cent., while equity for the remaining 5.4 per cent. of 
the Group's total equity and total liabilities, which amounted to PLN 135,535 million. 
Liabilities to customers constituted the main item within liabilities, with an amount of PLN 116,540 
million on 30 June 2024. Customer deposits constituted the main source of financing of Group's activities 
and incorporated primarily, customers' funds in current and saving accounts. 
Financial liabilities valued at fair value through profit and loss account and hedging derivatives included, 
primarily, negative valuation of derivatives for trading or hedging and liabilities resulting from securities 
subject to short sale and as at 30 June 2024 amounted to PLN 645 million, a 28 per cent. decrease 
compared to 30 June 2023, mainly due to increasing negative valuation of derivatives for trading. 
The value of provisions as on 30 June 2024 was PLN 2,264 million and increased by PLN 1,122 million 
or 98 per cent. as compared to 30 June 2023. The reason for the increase was the creation of new 
provisions for legal issues, especially claims related to FX Mortgage Loans.  
The value of debt securities issued by the Group was PLN 3,596 million on 30 June 2024, an increase of 
PLN 3,344 million as compared to 30 June 2023. The increase was the result of the Bank issuing Notes 
under the Programme and the Bank and Millennium Leasing sp. z o.o. issuing credit-linked notes as a part 
of synthetic securitisation transactions as well as Millennium Bank Hipoteczny S.A. ("MBH"), a 
mortgage bank and a subsidiary of the Bank, issuing covered bonds. 
As at 30 June 2024 the value of the Group's subordinated debt was PLN 1,562 million.  
As at 30 June 2024, the total equity of the Group was PLN 7,344 million, a 16 per cent. increase as 
compared to 30 June 2023. The main factors contributing to increase of the Group's equity capital were 
the net profit recorded by the Group and the positive impact of other comprehensive income items, 
mainly valuation of bonds and hedge instruments.

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
The tables below set out the Bank's financial highlights for the six-months periods ended 30 June 2024 
and 30 June 2023: 
1 January 2024 – 
30 June 2024 
1 January 2023 – 
30 June 2023 
 
(PLN thousand) 
Interest income and other of similar nature .................................... 
4,174,626 
4,158,958 
Fee and commission income .......................................................... 
524,571 
524,599 
Profit (loss) before income tax ....................................................... 
246,575 
775,426 
Profit (loss) after taxes ................................................................... 
356,933 
357,918 
Total comprehensive income of the period .................................... 
449,463 
862,797 
Net cash flows from operating activities ........................................ 
10,668,358 
5,748,079 
Net cash flows from investing activities ........................................ 
(11,728,960) 
(6,904,275) 
Net cash flows from financing activities ........................................ 
(65,905) 
(133,273) 
Net cash flows, total ....................................................................... 
(1,126,507) 
(1,289,469) 
Earnings (losses) per ordinary share .............................................. 
0.29 
0.30 
Diluted earnings (losses) per ordinary share .................................. 
0.29 
0.30 
 
 
30 June 2024 
30 June 2023 
 
(PLN thousand) 
Total Assets .................................................................................... 
135,535,070 
114,823,623 
Liabilities to banks and other monetary institutions ....................... 
585,422 
522,954 
Liabilities to customers .................................................................. 
116,540,149 
100,596,983 
Equity ............................................................................................. 
7,344,358 
6,357,203 
Share capital ................................................................................... 
1,213,117 
1,213,177 
Number of shares ........................................................................... 
1,213,116,777 
1,213,116,777 
Book value per share  ..................................................................... 
6.05 
5.24 
Diluted book value per share  ......................................................... 
6.05 
5.24 
Total Capital Ratio ......................................................................... 
17.13% 
14.77% 
Pledged or paid dividend per share ................................................ 
- 
- 
Selected financial information for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 
2022 
In the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group posted a consolidated net profit of PLN 576 million 
compared to a consolidated net loss of PLN 1,015 million in the year ended 31 December 2022. A strong 
growth in the Bank's core business in 2023 capital gains on bancassurance transaction in 2023 and much 
lower contribution to BGF and the institutional protection scheme in 2023 on the one hand and on the 
other hand costs related to credit holidays for PLN mortgage borrowers booked in 2022 were the main 
drivers behind the year-on-year improvement of the reported results. The costs related to FX Mortgage 
Loans, such as provisions related to legal risk and costs of converting the FX Mortgage Loans into PLN-
denominated loans remained the key negative factors affecting the Group's financial results in 2023. 
Following an adjustment for these costs and taking into account the hypothetical banking tax for the 
second half of 2023, the Group would have a net profit of PLN 2,993 million in 2023, compared to 
adjusted net profit of PLN 2,239 million in 2022. 
The Group's total operating income in 2023 was PLN 6,723 million compared with PLN 4,009 million in 
the financial year 2022, which represents an increase of 68 per cent. Total operating income is calculated 
as the sum of net interest income, net fee and commission income, dividend income, net trading income, 
other income, other operating income and other operating expenses. 
Core income, defined as a combination of net interest income and net fee and commission income, was 
PLN 6,036 million in 2023, a 46 per cent. increase as compared to 2022. Net interest income in 2023 
reached PLN 5,253 million and increased by 57 per cent. as compared to 2022. The significant increase in 
net interest income in 2023 is a result of booking the estimated cost of credit holidays for 2022 and 2023, 
of PLN 1,324 million in the Group's financial results for 2022. Without this adjustment, the increase in 
the net interest income from 2022 to 2023 would have been 13 per cent. This increase was driven mostly 
by higher market interest rates. However, a decrease in the reference rate from 6.75 per cent. to 5.75 per 
cent an increase in the Bank's interest costs led to a deterioration of the net interest income in the fourth 
quarter of 2023.

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
The net interest margin (over average interest earning assets) in 2023 reached 4.6 per cent. and was 17 
basis points higher compared with 2022. 
Net fee and commission income in 2023 amounted to PLN 782 million, a 3.0 per cent. decrease as 
compared with 2022. One of the main reasons for this decrease in commissions related to accounts 
services and transactions. Additionally, the fees for brokerage and custody services, funds management 
and distribution of investment fund units and other investment products decreased in comparison to 2022. 
Other non-interest income, which comprises foreign exchange results, results on financial assets and 
liabilities (without fair value adjustment on credit portfolios) and net other operating income and costs in 
2023 was negative PLN 687 million. The proceeds from the bancassurance transaction in 2023 
contributed positively to this line item. The main item negatively affecting the other non-interest income 
in 2023 were the costs relating to settlements with borrowers under the FX Mortgage Loans. 
Total operating costs, defined administrative costs and depreciation, including contributions to the BGF 
and the institutional protection scheme, amounted to PLN 1,993 million in 2023, a 5.0 per cent. decrease 
compared to 2022. The main reason for the decrease in costs were the much lower contribution to the 
BGF and no contribution to institutional protection scheme, which resulted in a decrease in contributions 
by 85 per cent. compared to 2022. The personnel costs increased by 13 per cent., mainly as a result of 
high inflationary pressure on salaries and the general increase of salaries in Poland. 
The cost-to-income ratio for 2023 was 29.6 per cent. and was lower by 9.6 percentage points as compared 
to 2022. Adjusted cost-to-income ratio, i.e. without costs related to FX Mortgage Loans and extraordinary 
items was 29.5 per cent. in 2023 and was 6.7 percentage points lower compared to 2022. 
Total cost of risk, which includes net impairment provisions, fair value adjustment of a part of a credit 
portfolio and result on modifications (excluding the part related to settlements with borrowers under FX 
Mortgage Loans), borne by the Group in 2023 was PLN 299 million and was 16.0 per cent. higher than in 
2022. Risk charges for the retail segment were the main component of the cost of risk. In relative terms, 
the cost of risk (i.e. net charges to average gross loans) for 2023 reached 39 basis points compared to 44 
basis points in 2022. 
The Group's assets as at 31 December 2023 were PLN 125,520 million and were higher by 13 per cent. 
compared to 31 December 2022. The Group's total loans and advances to customers was PLN 73,643 
million as at 31 December 2023 and decreased by 4 per cent. year-on-year. FX Mortgage Loans net of 
provisions decreased by 56 per cent. during 2023 and the share of the FX Mortgage Loans (excluding the 
loans originated by Euro Bank) in total gross loans decreased to 3.6 per cent. as at 31 December 2023 
from 8.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2022.  
The value of debt securities held by the Group reached PLN 41,009 million at the end of December 2023 
and was 100 per cent. higher than the year before. The increase of debt securities portfolio was a 
consequence of assets/liabilities policy and interest margin management policy and was correlated with 
the growth of deposits exceeding the growth of the loan portfolio. Debt securities issued by the Polish 
State Treasury, other European Union member states and the NBP constituted 84 per cent. of the Group's 
debt securities portfolio as at 31 December 2023. 
As at 31 December 2023 liabilities accounted for 95 per cent., while equity for the remaining 5 per cent. 
of the Group's total equity and total liabilities, which amounted to PLN 125,520 million. 
Customer deposits constituted the main item within liabilities, with an amount of PLN 107,246 million on 
31 December 2023. Customer deposits constituted the main source of financing of Group's activities and 
incorporated primarily, customers' funds in current and saving accounts. 
Financial liabilities valued at fair value through profit and loss account and derivative instruments 
included, primarily, negative valuation of derivatives for trading or hedging and liabilities resulting from 
securities subject to short sale and as at 31 December 2023 amounted to PLN 773 million, a 18 per cent. 
decrease compared to 31 December 2022, mainly due to increasing negative valuation of derivatives for 
trading. 
The value of provisions as on 31 December 2023 was PLN 1,445 million and increased by PLN 429 
million or 42 per cent. as compared to 31 December 2022. The reason for the increase was the creation of 
new provisions for legal issues, especially claims related to FX Mortgage Loans.

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
The value of securities issued by the Group was PLN 3,318 million on 31 December 2023, an increase of 
PLN 3,074 million as compared to 31 December 2022. The increase was the result of the Bank issuing 
senior non-preferred notes under the Programme and the Bank and Millennium Leasing sp. z o.o. issuing 
credit-linked notes as a part of synthetic securitisation transactions. 
As at 31 December 2023 the value of the Group's subordinated debt was PLN 1,565 million.  
As at 31 December 2023, the equity capital of the Group was PLN 6,895 million, a 25 per cent. increase 
as compared to 31 December 2022. The main factors contributing to increase of the Group's equity capital 
were the net profit recorded by the Group and the positive impact of other comprehensive income items, 
mainly valuation of bonds and hedge instruments. 
The tables below set out the Bank's financial highlights for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 
and 31 December 2022. 
1 January 2023 – 
31 December 2023 
1 January 2022 – 
31 December 2022 
 
(PLN thousand) 
Interest income and other of similar nature .................................... 
8,435,773 
4,999,897 
Fee and commission income .......................................................... 
1,037,135 
1,027,745 
Profit (loss) before income tax ....................................................... 
1,312,487 
(730,755)  
Profit (loss) after taxes ................................................................... 
575,717 
(1,014,566)  
Total comprehensive income of the period .................................... 
1,400,489 
(1,198,217)  
Net cash flows from operating activities ........................................ 
14,395,773 
9,994,922 
Net cash flows from investing activities ........................................ 
(12,187,857) 
1,218,949  
Net cash flows from financing activities ........................................ 
2,060,342 
(355,026)  
Net cash flows, total ....................................................................... 
4,268,258 
10,858,845 
Earnings (losses) per ordinary share .............................................. 
0.47 
(0.84)  
Diluted earnings (losses) per ordinary share .................................. 
0.47 
(0.84)  
 
 
31 December 2023 
31 December 2022 
 
(PLN thousand) 
Total Assets .................................................................................... 
125,520,004 
110,941,969 
Liabilities to banks and other monetary institutions ....................... 
563,512 
727,571 
Liabilities to customers .................................................................. 
107,246,427 
98,038,516 
Equity ............................................................................................. 
6,894,895 
5,494,406 
Share capital ................................................................................... 
1,213,117 
1,213,117 
Number of shares ........................................................................... 
1,213,116,777 
1,213,116,777 
Book value per share  ..................................................................... 
5.68 
4.53 
Diluted book value per share  ......................................................... 
5.68 
4.53 
Total Capital Ratio ......................................................................... 
18.06% 
14.42% 
Pledged or paid dividend per share ................................................ 
- 
-

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
Group financial information for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 and for 
the six-months periods ended 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023 
Consolidated statement of profit and loss for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 
December 2022 
 
1 January 2023 –  
31 December 2023 
1 January 2022 – 
31 December 2022 
 
(PLN thousand) 
Net interest income....................................................................... 
5,253,489 
3,337,291 
Interest income and other of similar nature .................... 
8,435,773 
4,999,897 
Income calculated using the effective interest 
method ............................................................ 
8,326,843 
5,028,694 
Interest income from financial assets 
at amortised cost, including: ........... 
7,446,886 
4,560,119 
the impact of the adjustment 
to the gross 
carrying amount of loans 
due to credit holidays ...... 
(9,228) 
(1,324,208) 
Interest income from financial assets 
at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ................... 
879,957 
468,575 
Income of similar nature to interest from 
financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss ................................................................. 
108,930 
(28,797) 
Interest expenses ............................................................ 
(3,182,284) 
(1,662,606) 
Net fee and commission income .................................................. 
782,385 
808,305 
Fee and commission income .......................................... 
1,037,135 
1,027,745 
Fee and commission expenses ........................................ 
(254,750) 
(219,440)  
Dividend income ............................................................................ 
3,431 
3,796 
Results on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not 
measured at fair value through profit or loss .................................. 
538,922 
(2,606) 
Results on financial assets and liabilities held for 
trading ............................................................................................ 
48,420 
(312)  
Results on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss ...................................................................... 
12,359 
25,696 
Result on hedge accounting ........................................................... 
1,160 
(7,130)  
Result on exchange differences ...................................................... 
(75,968) 
(203,544)  
costs of settlements of foreign currency mortgage loans 
(273,791) 
(382,239)  
Other operating income .................................................................. 
458,982 
276,245 
Other operating expenses ............................................................... 
(301,614) 
(216,720)  
Administrative expenses ................................................................ 
(1,781,439) 
(1,884,259)  
Impairment losses on financial assets ............................................ 
(262,475) 
(342,033)  
Impairment losses on non-financial assets ..................................... 
(84) 
(3,515)  
Provisions for legal risk connected with FX mortgage 
loans ............................................................................................... 
(3,065,380) 
(2,017,320)  
Result on modification ................................................................... 
(88,184) 
(126,664)  
costs of settlements of foreign currency mortgage loans 
(52,227) 
(102,153) 
Depreciation ................................................................................... 
(211,517) 
(208,922)  
Share of the profit of investments in subsidiaries ........................... 
0 
0 
Banking tax .................................................................................... 
0 
(169,063)  
Profit before income taxes ........................................................... 
1,312,487 
(730,755)  
Corporate income tax ..................................................................... 
(736,770) 
(283,811)  
Profit after taxes ............................................................................  
575,717 
(1,014,566)  
Attributable to: 
 
 
Owners of the parent ...................................................................... 
575,717 
(1,014,566)  
Non-controlling interests ................................................................ 
0 
0 
Weighted average number of outstanding ordinary shares (pcs.) ... 
1,213,116,777 
1,213,116,777 
Profit (loss) per ordinary share (in PLN) ................................... 
0.47 
(0.84)

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
Consolidated statement of profit and loss for the six-months period ended 30 June 2024 and 30 June 
2023 
 
 
1 January 2024 –  
30 June 2024 
1 January 2023 –  
30 June 2023 
 
(PLN thousand) 
Net interest income....................................................................... 
2,535,817 
2,597,950 
Interest income and other of similar nature .................................... 
4,174,626 
4,158,958 
Income calculated using the effective interest method ................... 
4,116,833 
4,108,816 
Interest income from Financial assets at amortised cost, including: 
3,479,000 
3,662,077 
the impact of the adjustment to the gross carrying amount 
of loans due to credit holidays ........................................ 
(201,046) 
- 
Interest income from Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ................................................................... 
637,833 
446,739 
Result of similar nature to interest from Financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss ...................................................................... 
57,793 
50,142 
Interest expenses ............................................................................ 
(1,638,809) 
(1,561,008) 
Net fee and commission income .................................................. 
390,121 
403,952 
Fee and commission income .......................................................... 
524,571 
524,599 
Fee and commission expenses........................................................ 
(134,450) 
(120,647) 
Dividend income ............................................................................ 
3,389 
3,127 
Result on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not 
measured at fair value through profit or loss .................................. 
(733) 
540,643 
Results on financial assets and liabilities held for trading .............. 
(2,189) 
1,434  
Result on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss ...................................................................... 
5,798 
7,266 
Result on hedge accounting ........................................................... 
(1,456) 
309  
Result on exchange differences ...................................................... 
(86,601) 
(20,757) 
Other operating income .................................................................. 
169,678 
184,596 
Other operating expenses ............................................................... 
(269,601) 
(146,906) 
Administrative expenses ................................................................ 
(993,752) 
(864,529) 
Impairment losses on financial assets ............................................ 
(172,330) 
(152,273) 
Impairment losses on non-financial assets ..................................... 
(2,096) 
230 
Provisions for legal risk connected with FX mortgage loans .........  
(1,123,590) 
(1,620,620) 
Result on modification ................................................................... 
(61,849) 
(53,550) 
Depreciation ................................................................................... 
(109,509) 
(105,446) 
Share of the profit of investments in subsidiaries ........................... 
0 
0 
Banking tax .................................................................................... 
(34,522) 
0 
Profit before income taxes ........................................................... 
246,575 
775,426 
Corporate income tax ..................................................................... 
110,358 
(417,508) 
Profit after taxes ........................................................................... 
356,933 
357,918 
Attributable to: 
 
 
Owners of the parent ...................................................................... 
356,933 
357,918 
Non-controlling interests ................................................................ 
0 
0 
Weighted average number of outstanding ordinary shares (pcs.) ... 
1,213,116,777 
1,213,116,777 
Profit (loss) per ordinary share (in PLN) ................................... 
0.29 
0.30

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
Consolidated statement of total comprehensive income for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 
and 31 December 2022 
 
1 January 2023 – 
31 December 2023 
1 January 2022 – 
31 December 2022 
 
(PLN thousand) 
Result after taxes .......................................................................... 
575,717 
(1,014,566)  
Other comprehensive income items that may be (or were) 
reclassified to profit or loss ............................................................ 
1,024,886 
(231,194)  
Result on debt securities at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ................................................... 
673,019 
(204,045)  
Hedge accounting ........................................................... 
351,867 
(27,149) 
Other comprehensive income items that will not be reclassified to 
profit or loss ................................................................................... 
(6,649) 
4,464 
Actuarial gains (losses) .................................................. 
(11,071) 
8,887 
Result on equity instruments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ................................................... 
4,422 
(4,423)  
Total comprehensive income items before taxes ........................ 
1,018,237 
(226,730)  
Corporate income tax on other comprehensive income items that 
may be (or were) reclassified to profit or loss ................................ 
(194,728) 
43,927 
Corporate income tax on other comprehensive income items that 
will not be reclassified to profit or loss .......................................... 
1,263 
(848)  
Total comprehensive income items after taxes .......................... 
824,772 
(183,651)  
 
 
 
Total comprehensive income for the period ............................... 
1,400,489 
(1,198,217)  
Attributable to: 
 
 
Owners of the parent ...................................................................... 
1,400,489 
(1,198,217)  
Non-controlling interests ................................................................ 
0 
0 
Consolidated statement of total comprehensive income for the six months period ended 30 June 2024 
and 30 June 2023 
 
 
1 January 2024 –  
30 June 2024 
1 January 2023 –  
30 June 2023 
 
(PLN thousand) 
Profit after taxes ............................................................................. 
356,933 
357,918  
Other comprehensive income items that may be (or were) reclassified 
to profit or loss ............................................................................... 
114,235 
623,392  
Result on debt securities ................................................................ 
97,280 
416,488  
Hedge accounting ........................................................................... 
16,955 
206,904 
Other comprehensive income items that will not be reclassified to 
profit or loss ................................................................................... 
0 
(84) 
Actuarial gains (losses) .................................................................. 
0 
(84) 
Result on equity instruments  ......................................................... 
0 
0 
Total comprehensive income items before taxes ........................ 
114,235 
623,308 
Corporate income tax on other comprehensive income items that may 
be (or were) reclassified to profit or loss ........................................ 
(21,705) 
(118,444) 
Corporate income tax on other comprehensive income items that will 
not be reclassified to profit or loss ................................................. 
0 
16 
Total comprehensive income items after taxes .......................... 
92,530 
504,879 
  
  
 
Total comprehensive income for the period ............................... 
449,463 
862,797 
Attributable to: ............................................................................... 
  
 
Owners of the parent ...................................................................... 
449,463 
862,797 
Non-controlling interests ................................................................ 
0 
0

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position as 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 
 
31 December 2023 
31 December 2022 
 
(PLN thousand) 
ASSETS 
 
 
Cash, cash balances at central banks ........................................... 
5,094,984 
9,536,090 
Financial assets held for trading .............................................. 
608,924 
363,519 
Derivatives ..................................................................... 
498,249 
339,196 
Equity instruments ......................................................... 
121 
113 
Debt securities ................................................................ 
110,554 
24,210 
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through 
profit or loss, other than loans and advances to customers ... 
147,623 
201,036 
Equity instruments ......................................................... 
66,609 
128,979 
Debt securities ................................................................ 
81,014 
72,057 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income ........................................................................................ 
22,096,200 
16,505,606 
Equity instruments ......................................................... 
28,793 
24,396 
Debt securities ................................................................ 
22,067,407 
16,481,210 
Loans and advances to customers ............................................ 
73,643,060 
76,565,163 
Mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss .............. 
19,349 
97,982 
Value at amortised cost .................................................. 
73,623,711 
76,467,181 
Financial assets at amortised cost other than loans and 
advances to customers .............................................................. 
20,706,585 
4,631,170 
Debt securities ................................................................ 
18,749,907 
3,893,212 
Deposits, loans and advances to banks and other monetary 
institutions ...................................................................... 
793,436 
733,095 
Reverse sale and repurchase agreements ........................ 
1,163,242 
4,863 
Derivatives – hedge accounting .................................................. 
74,213 
135,804 
Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates .......... 
52,509 
0 
Tangible fixed assets ................................................................... 
565,630 
572,810 
Intangible fixed assets ................................................................. 
481,631 
436,622 
Income tax assets ....................................................................... 
486,803 
805,624 
Current income tax assets ............................................... 
1,810 
4,232 
Deferred income tax assets ............................................. 
484,993 
801,392 
Other assets ................................................................................. 
1,544,328 
1,177,134 
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale
 .................................................................................................... 
17,514 
11,391 
Total assets ................................................................................ 
125,520,004 
110,941,969 
 
 
31 December 2023 
31 December 2022 
 
(PLN thousand) 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading ........................................... 
579,553 
385,062 
Derivatives ..................................................................... 
576,833 
380,278 
Liabilities from short sale of securities ........................... 
2,720 
4,784 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost ........................ 
112,692,833 
100,577,923 
Liabilities to banks and other monetary institutions ....... 
563,512 
727,571 
Liabilities to customers .................................................. 
107,246,427 
98,038,516 
Sale and repurchase agreements ..................................... 
0 
0 
Debt securities issued ..................................................... 
3,317,849 
243,753 
Subordinated debt ........................................................... 
1,565,045 
1,568,083 
Derivatives – hedge accounting ..................................................... 
193,664 
554,544 
Provisions ...................................................................................... 
1,445,472 
1,016,169 
Pending legal issues ....................................................... 
1,403,105 
976,552 
Commitments and guarantees given ............................... 
42,367 
39,617 
Income tax liabilities .................................................................... 
461,457 
32,533 
Current income tax liabilities ......................................................... 
461,217 
32,533 
Deferred income tax liabilities ....................................................... 
240 
0 
Other liabilities............................................................................... 
3,252,130 
2,881,332 
Total liabilities .............................................................................. 
118,625,109 
105,447,563 
EQUITY ........................................................................................ 
 
 
Share capital ................................................................................... 
1,213,117 
1,213,117 
Own shares ..................................................................................... 
(21) 
(21) 
Share premium ............................................................................... 
1,147,502 
1,147,502 
Accumulated other comprehensive income .................................... 
(217,512) 
(1,042,284)

--- Page 138 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
31 December 2023 
31 December 2022 
 
(PLN thousand) 
Retained earnings, including: ......................................................... 
4,751,809 
4,176,092 
current profit/loss ........................................................... 
575,717 
(1,014,566) 
other ............................................................................... 
4,176,092 
5,190,658 
Total equity ................................................................................... 
6,894,895 
5,494,406 
Total equity and total liabilities .................................................. 
125,520,004 
110,941,969 
Consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023 
 
 
30 June 2024 
30 June 2023 
 
(PLN thousand) 
ASSETS 
 
 
Cash, cash balances at central banks  ............................................. 
5,856,992 
6,768,777 
Financial assets held for trading  ................................................ 
632,990 
692,718 
Derivatives ..................................................................................... 
464,102 
495,406 
Equity instruments ......................................................................... 
179 
115 
Debt securities ................................................................................ 
168,709 
197,197 
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through 
profit or loss, other than Loans and advances to customers ..... 
149,835 
143,815 
Equity instruments ......................................................................... 
66,609 
66,609 
Debt securities ................................................................................ 
83,226 
77,206 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income  .......................................................................................... 
28,544,165 
14,681,777 
Equity instruments ......................................................................... 
28,790 
24,378 
Debt securities ................................................................................ 
28,515,375 
14,657,399 
Loans and advances to customers ............................................... 
74,645,200 
74,152,070 
Mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss ............................. 
5,905 
54,780 
Valued at amortised cost ................................................................ 
74,639,295 
74,097,290 
Financial assets at amortised cost other than Loans and advances 
to customers .................................................................................. 
22,099,071 
15,047,887 
Debt securities ................................................................................ 
21,412,853 
14,467,969 
Deposits, loans and advances to banks and other monetary 
institutions  ..................................................................................... 
488,442 
532,220 
Reverse sale and repurchase agreements ........................................ 
197,776 
47,698 
Derivatives – Hedge accounting .................................................... 
170,655 
121,936 
Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates ............. 
47,612 
43,522 
Tangible fixed assets ...................................................................... 
547,916 
552,519 
Intangible fixed assets .................................................................... 
509,447 
442,931 
Income tax assets  ......................................................................... 
779,196 
737,827 
Current income tax assets............................................................... 
2,534 
4,956 
Deferred income tax assets  ............................................................ 
776,662 
732,871 
Other assets  ................................................................................... 
1,532,877 
1,425,904 
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale . 
19,114 
11,940 
Total assets .................................................................................... 
135,535,070 
114,823,623 
 
 
30 June 2024 
30 June 2023 
 
(PLN thousand) 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading ........................................... 
514,947 
568,182 
Derivatives ..................................................................................... 
406,290 
479,672 
Liabilities from short sale of securities  ......................................... 
108,657 
88,510 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost ........................ 
122,285,470 
103,287,919 
Liabilities to banks and other monetary institutions ....................... 
585,422 
522,954 
Liabilities to customers .................................................................. 
116,540,149 
100,596,983 
Sale and repurchase agreements ..................................................... 
2,559 
350,244 
Debt securities issued ..................................................................... 
3,595,571 
251,759 
Subordinated debt .......................................................................... 
1,561,769 
1,565,979 
Derivatives – Hedge accounting .................................................... 
129,644 
329,630 
Provisions ...................................................................................... 
2,263,958 
1,141,582 
Pending legal issues  ...................................................................... 
2,223,914 
1,107,056 
Commitments and guarantees given............................................... 
40,044 
34,526 
Income tax liabilities  ................................................................... 
147,558 
386,481

--- Page 139 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
Current income tax liabilities ......................................................... 
147,123 
385,613 
Deferred income tax liabilities ....................................................... 
435 
868 
Other liabilities  .............................................................................. 
2,849,135 
2,752,626 
Total Liabilities ............................................................................ 
128,190,712 
108,466,420 
EQUITY 
  
 
Share capital ................................................................................... 
1,213,117 
1,213,117 
Own shares ..................................................................................... 
(21) 
(21) 
Share premium ............................................................................... 
1,147,502 
1,147,502 
Accumulated other comprehensive income .................................... 
(124,982) 
(537,405) 
Retained earnings ........................................................................... 
5,108,742 
4,534,010 
Total equity .................................................................................... 
7,344,358 
6,357,203 
Total equity and total liabilities .................................................. 
135,535,070 
114,823,623 
 
 
 
Book value of net assets ................................................................. 
7,344,358 
6,357,203 
Number of shares (pcs.) ................................................................. 
1,213,116,777 
1,213,116,777 
Book value per share (in PLN) ....................................................... 
6.05 
5.24 
Alternative Performance Measures 
The Base Prospectus includes certain data which the Issuer considers to constitute alternative 
performance measures ("APMs") for the purposes of the European Securities Markets Authority 
Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures. 
These Alternative Performance Measures are not defined by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. The 
Alternative Performance Measures are not measurements of the Issuer's operating performance under 
IFRS and should not be considered as alternatives to any measures of performance under IFRS or as 
measures of the Issuer's liquidity. 
APM 
Definition 
Core income 
The sum of net interest income and net fee and commission income. 
Total operating income 
Total operating income is calculated as the sum of net interest income, 
net commission income, dividend income, net trading income, other 
non-interest income, other operating income and other operating 
expenses. Other non-interest income comprises results of foreign 
exchange operations, results on financial assets and liabilities, without 
fair value adjustment on credit portfolio (which constitutes a part of 
cost of risk), and net other operating income. 
Total operating income adjusted 
Operating income adjusted for costs of amicable settlements with FX 
Mortgage Loans borrowers, legal costs related to FX Mortgage Loans, 
netting-off of legal risk provisions on FX Mortgage Loans originated 
by Euro Bank and other material extraordinary income or costs (e.g. 
credit holiday costs in 2022 and the first half of 2024 as well as gains 
from bancassurance agreements with Europa Insurance Group in the 
first half of 2023). 
Total operating costs 
Sum of personnel costs and other administrative costs including 
depreciation and amortisation. 
Total operating costs adjusted 
Total operating costs adjusted for costs of amicable settlements with 
and legal cases against the FX Mortgage Loans borrowers. 
Net profit reported 
Profit after tax attributable to owners of the parent. 
Net profit without extraordinary 
items 
Net profit without extraordinary items, i.e., costs of credit holidays, all 
costs related to FX Mortgage Loans, other material extraordinary 
income or costs, and with hypothetical banking tax added starting 
from the third quarter of 2022 and until the end of May 2024. 
ROE reported 
Calculated by dividing annualised net profit attributable to owners of

--- Page 140 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
APM 
Definition 
the parent by the average total equity. The average equity is calculated 
on the basis of the average balances of each month of the reporting 
period. 
ROE adjusted 
ROE based on net profit without extraordinary items and equity 
adjusted by costs related to the FX Mortgage Loans and credit 
holidays, hypothetical banking tax and other material extraordinary 
income or costs. 
ROA 
reported 
(Return 
on 
assets) 
Calculated by dividing net profit attributable to owners of the parent 
by the average total assets. The average total assets are calculated on 
the basis of the average balances of each month of the reporting 
period. 
NIM (Net interest margin) 
Calculated by dividing annualised net interest income adjusted for 
credit holiday cost by average interest earning assets. Interest-earning 
assets are the sum of cash and balances with the central bank, loans 
and advances to banks, debt securities (in all valuation methods) and 
loans and advances to customers (net; in all valuation methods). The 
average interest-earning assets are calculated on the basis of the 
average balances of each month of the reporting period. 
Cost-to-income ratio reported 
(C/I ratio reported) 
Calculated by dividing operating expenses by total operating income. 
Cost-to-income ratio adjusted 
(C/I ratio adjusted) 
Calculated by dividing operating costs adjusted by total operating 
income adjusted. 
Non-performing 
loans 
ratio 
(NPL ratio) 
Calculated by dividing the sum of the gross carrying value of loans 
and advances to customers at amortised cost with impairment (stage 3 
and POCI) and the gross carrying value of loans and advances 
mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss in default by the total 
(gross) loans and advances to customers. 
NPL ratio – corporate portfolio 
Calculated by dividing the sum of the gross carrying value of loans 
and advances to corporate customers at amortised cost with 
impairment (stage 3 and POCI) and the gross carrying value of loans 
and advances to corporate customers mandatorily at fair value through 
profit or loss in default by the total (gross) loans and advances to 
corporate 
customers 
excluding 
reverse 
repo/ 
buy/-sell-back 
transactions. 
NPL ratio –retail portfolio 
Calculated by dividing the sum of the gross carrying value of loans 
and advances to retail customers at amortised cost with impairment 
(stage 3 and POCI) and the gross carrying value of loans and advances 
to retail customers mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss in 
default by the total (gross) loans and advances to retail customers. 
NPL coverage ratio 
Calculated by dividing the sum of accumulated provisions for loans 
and advances to customers at amortised cost with impairment (stage 3 
and POCI) and accumulated provisions for loans and advances to 
customers mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss by a sum of 
the gross carrying value of loans and advances to customers at 
amortised cost with impairment (stage 3 and POCI) and the gross 
carrying value of loans and advances mandatorily at fair value through 
profit or loss in default. 
Cost of risk 
Calculated by dividing the sum of impairment or reversal of 
impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
APM 
Definition 
profit or loss and gains or losses on non-trading financial assets 
mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss related to loans and 
advances to customers by the average gross loans and advances to 
customers (the sum of loans and advances to customers recognised in: 
financial assets measured at amortised cost, non-trading financial 
assets mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss and 
financial assets held for trading). The average gross loans and 
advances are calculated on the basis of the balances as at the end of 
the last thirteen months. 
Loan-to-deposit ratio (L/D ratio) 
Calculated by dividing net loans and advances to customers by 
amounts due to customers. Net loans and advances to customers are 
calculated as a sum of loans and advances to customers at amortised 
cost, loans and advances to customers mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss and loans in financial assets held for trading. 
Equity-to-assets 
Calculated by dividing total equity by total assets. 
Liquidity 
Coverage 
Ratio 
(LCR) 
Ratio of the stock of unencumbered high quality liquid assets to net 
liquidity outflows over 30 calendar day liquidity stress scenario. 
The Issuer believes that the above measures provide useful information to investors for the purposes of 
evaluating the financial condition and results of operations of the Group, the quality of its assets and the 
fundamentals of its business. 
In particular: 
(a) 
the ratios presented by the Issuer are aimed at quantifying certain aspects of the Issuer's business 
and its strengths within the context of the Polish banking system; and 
(b) 
the alternative performance measures, although not required by law in the preparation of 
financial statements, allow for comparisons with other banks, over different periods of time and 
between the Issuer and the average industry standards. 
However, the Issuer's use and method of calculation of APMs may vary from other companies' use and 
calculation of such measures. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
The table below presents selected operating measures for the Group for the periods indicated below. 
 
1 January 
2023 -  
31 
December 
2023 
1 January 
2022 -  
31 
December 
2022 
1 January 
2024 –  
30 June 
2024 
1 January 
2023 –  
30 June 
2023 
 
(PLN million, unaudited) 
Core income .................................................................
6,036 
4,146
2,926
3,002
Total operating income ................................................
6,723 
4,009
2,741
3,574
Total operating income adjusted  .................................
6,397 
5,614
3,338
3,128
Total operating costs ....................................................
(1,993) 
(2,093)
(1,103)
(970)
Total operating costs adjusted ......................................
(1,889) 
(2,035)
(1,044)
(929)
Net profit reported ........................................................
576 
(1,015)
357
358
Net profit adjusted ........................................................
2,993 
2,239
1,501
1,418

--- Page 142 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
Key financial ratios 
 
As at and 
for the 
year ended 
31 
December 
2023 
As at and 
for the 
year ended  
31 
December 
2022 
As at and 
for the six 
months 
ended 30 
June 2024 
As at and 
for the six 
months 
ended 30 
June 2023 
 
(per cent., unaudited) 
ROE reported ....................................................................
9.1 
(17.5)
10.1
12.0
ROE adjusted ....................................................................
21.7 
21.5
18.8
22.7
ROA reported ....................................................................
0.5 
(0.9)
0.5
0.6
 
Net interest margin (NIM)  ...............................................
4.60 
4.43
4.32
4.71
Cost to income ratio reported (C/I ratio reported)  ............
29.6 
52.2
40.3
27.1
Cost to income ratio adjusted (C/I ratio adjusted)  ............
29.5 
36.2
31.3
29.7
Non-performing loans ratios (NPL ratio)  .........................
4.6 
4.5
4.5
4.5
NPL ratio – corporate portfolio .........................................
3.8 
3.1
4.0
3.6
NPL ratio – retail portfolio ................................................
4.8 
4.9
4.7
4.8
NPL coverage ratio ...........................................................
72.2 
69.9
74.3
73.0
Cost of risk ........................................................................
0.39 
0.44
0.50
0.45
Loan-to-deposit ratio (L/D ratio)  ......................................
68.7 
78.1
64.1
73.7
Equity-to-assets .................................................................
5.5 
5.0
5.4
5.5
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)  ......................................
327 
223
337
260

--- Page 143 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
Overview 
The Group operates in Poland and provides retail, corporate and investment banking as well as other 
financial services. Based on the financial information for the year ended 31 December 2023 published by 
Polish banks, the Group was Poland's seventh banking group in terms of total assets and deposits. Based 
on the Management's Board assessment, the Group had approximately 3.0 million active customers in 
Poland as at 31 December 2023. In the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group generated a 
consolidated net profit of PLN 576 million. As at 31 December 2023, the Group's total assets were PLN 
125,520 million. 
The Bank has a broad offering of universal banking products and services for retail clients, affluent 
individuals and private banking clients. The Group's clients have access to a wide range of personal 
accounts and savings and investment products. The Group also offers various lending products, including 
cash loans, overdrafts and mortgage loans. 
The Group's offering for corporate clients is focused on providing comprehensive solutions based on the 
advanced technologies to digitise processes. Clients are offered a variety of transactional banking 
products and services as well as a number of business financing products. 
The Bank is a joint-stock company (spółka akcyjna) whose shares are traded on the regulated market of 
the WSE. It is entered in the register of entrepreneurs of the National Court Register under number 
0000010186 and its registered office is in Warsaw at ul. Stanisława Żaryna 2A, 02-593 Warsaw, Poland. 
Its telephone number is +48 22 598 40 40. The principal acts of law governing the Bank's operations are 
the Banking Law and the Commercial Companies Code dated 15 September 2000 (the "Commercial 
Companies Code"). 
Set out below is the structure of the Group as at 30 June 2024: 
 
100% 
Millennium 
Bank 
Hipoteczny S.A. 
100% 
100% 
20% 
100% 
100% 
98% 
100% 
50% 
2% 
Millennium 
Leasing  
sp. z o.o. 
Europa Millennium 
Financial Services 
sp. z o.o. 
Millennium 
Consulting S.A. 
Millennium 
Goodie  
sp. z o.o. 
Millennium 
Service  
sp. z o.o. 
Millennium 
Telecommunication 
Services sp. z o. o. 
Lubuskie Fabryki 
Mebli S.A. 
in liquidation 
100% 
PIAST 
EXPERT sp. z o.o. 
in liquidation 
Millennium  
TFI S.A. 
Subsidiaries 
Entities consolidated applying the full method 
Associates 
Entities valuated applying equity method

--- Page 144 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
History 
Bank Gdański S.A. ("BG"), one of the Bank's predecessors, was spun off from the NBP in 1989 as part of 
the transformation of the Polish economy into a free market economy. The second predecessor of the 
Bank was Bank Inicjatyw Gospodarczych S.A. ("BIG"), one of the first private banks established in 
Poland after 1989. From 1995 to 1997 BIG acquired a majority stake in BG and both banks merged in 
1997 to create the Bank which was then operating under the name BIG Bank Gdański S.A. 
In 2000, BCP became a strategic investor in the Bank and in 2003 the Bank changed its name to Bank 
Millennium S.A. 
In 2019, the Bank acquired Euro Bank, a Polish subsidiary of Société Générale providing banking 
services to retail clients. The acquisition increased the number of the Bank's clients by 1.4 million, 
increased the Bank's share in the consumer loans segment and strengthened the Bank's presence in 
smaller cities in Poland. 
In 2020, the Bank set up MBH, a specialised mortgage bank which is authorised to issue covered bonds. 
MBH was established to diversify the Group's funding sources and lower the overall costs of the Group's 
funding.  
In 2022, Millennium Dom Maklerski S.A. ("MDM"), an investment firm and a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of the Bank, was split. The Bank acquired the part of the MDM related to conducting brokerage activities. 
The remaining part of MDM is named Millennium Consulting S.A. and provides consulting services. The 
purpose of the transformation was to consolidate all brokerage activities conducted by the Group in one 
entity. 
In 2023, the Bank sold 80 per cent. of shares in Millennium Financial Services sp. z o.o. to Towarzystwo 
Ubezpieczeń na Życie Europa S.A. and Towarzystwo Ubezpieczeń Europa S.A. In connection with this 
sale, the Bank entered into several agreements with the buyers concerning insurance distribution model 
and long-term cooperation in the bancassurance area. 
In June 2024, MBH conducted an inaugural issue of covered bonds. 
Recovery Plan and the Capital Protection Plan 
Under the Banking Law, if a bank is in breach of its regulatory capital ratios or identifies the possibility 
of such breach, the Bank's management board should immediately notify the KNF and the BGF and 
implement a recovery plan (in Polish: plan naprawy). A recovery plan is a set of actions the bank should 
take to improve the bank's financial position. A recovery plan is updated at least once a year and is 
subject to the KNF's approval. Under the Act dated 5 August 2015 on Macroprudential Supervision of the 
Financial System and Crisis Management in the Financial System, if the Bank does not meet the 
combined buffer requirement or the leverage ratio, the Bank should prepare a capital protection plan and 
submit it to KNF within five business days from the date it identified it does meet any of these buffers. 
The capital protection plan should describe how the Bank intends to restore the compliance with the 
capital buffers. 
The Act on Supporting Borrowers came into force on 29 July 2022. The Act on Supporting Borrowers: (i) 
introduced the possibility for the borrowers to suspend the repayment of mortgage loan instalments 
("credit holidays"), (ii) imposed an obligation on banks to pay an additional contribution to the Borrowers 
Support Fund (in Polish: Fundusz Wsparcia Kredytobiorców), and (iii) introduced a procedure for 
replacing WIBOR with a new benchmark. Under the Act on Supporting Borrowers, a borrower under a 
mortgage loan denominated in PLN, who is a consumer may suspend the repayment of one loan 
agreement which was provided to finance its own housing needs. The suspension period was two months 
in the period from 1 August 2022 to 30 September 2022, another two months in the period from 1 
October 2022 to 31 December 2022 and one month in each calendar quarter from 1 January 2023 to 31 
December 2023. During the suspension period, the borrower does not have to make any payments due to 
the lender under the loan agreement (including interest, principal amount and fee), except for payments of 
the insurance premiums linked to the loan agreement. The suspension is effective automatically upon the 
delivery of the application to the lender. The maturity of the loan is extended by the duration of the 
suspension period. The lender cannot charge interest and fees, other than the insurance premiums linked 
to the loan agreement, during the suspension period. The right to request a suspension applies to loan

--- Page 145 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
agreements entered into before 1 July 2022, provided that the maturity date of the loan falls after 1 
January 2023. 
On 15 July 2022, the Bank announced that it estimated that the maximum impact of the Act on 
Supporting Borrowers on the Group would be PLN 1,779 million (PLN 1,731 million at the Bank's level 
and PLN 48 million at the MBH's level) if all eligible borrowers applied for the suspension of the 
repayment of their loans. At the time of the announcement, the Bank assumed that there was a risk of the 
Bank recording a loss in the third quarter of 2022 and, as a consequence, the Bank's capital ratios falling 
below the required levels. Therefore, the Bank's management board started implementing the recovery 
plan (the "Recovery Plan") and the capital protection plan (the "Capital Protection Plan"). 
Both the Recovery Plan and the Capital Protection Plan envisaged an increase in capital ratios well above 
the required minimum level through a combination of further improvements in operating profitability and 
capital optimisation initiatives, such as risk-weighted asset management (including securitisations). The 
launch of both plans triggered a number of actions aimed at increasing capital ratios and operating 
profitability.  
In May 2024, the Bank notified the relevant authorities of completing the implementation of the Capital 
Protection Plan. On 19 June 2024 the Bank announced that all key assumptions of the Recovery Plan, in 
particular, improving the Group's profitability and financial results, restoring the capital ratios to levels 
well above the required minimum and meeting the MREL requirements, have been met. Therefore, the 
Bank decided that the implementation of the Recovery Plan is complete. 
Ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank has the following ratings: 
Fitch 
Category 
Rating 
Outlook 
Issuer default (IDR) 
BB+ 
Positive 
National long-term IDR 
BBB+(pol) 
Positive 
Short-term 
B 
- 
Viability 
bb+ 
- 
Shareholder support rating 
b+ 
- 
Long-term senior non-preferred debt 
BB+ 
- 
 
Moody's 
Category 
Rating 
Outlook 
Long-term deposit 
Baa3 
Positive 
Short-term deposit 
Prime-3 
- 
Stand-alone BCA 
ba3 
- 
CR rating 
Baa2/Prime-2 
- 
Junior senior unsecured debt 
Ba2 
- 
Junior senior unsecured debt 
programme 
(P)Ba2 
- 
Strategy and main competitive strengths 
On 6 December 2021, the Bank announced its strategy for the years 2022-2024 (the "Strategy"). The 
Bank concentrates on responding to growing post-pandemic expectations of customers and shareholders. 
By 2024, the Bank aspires to increase its net profit and return on equity. The improvement of efficiency 
ratios and business growth are to be driven by a continued increase in the number of active customers as 
well as enhancements to cost-effective and scalable operational platform. 
The strategy assumes a solid business growth, leading to growing profitability, incorporating customers' 
preferences changed or intensified by COVID-19. The new mid-term strategic goals are grouped into five 
development categories: 
1. 
Strong growth in the number of active customers 
The Bank is planning further significant increase in the number of active customers Due to the 
growing customer base and digital focus, the Bank's goal is that:

--- Page 146 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
• 
90 per cent. of active customers will be using digital channels; 
• 
99 per cent. of all transactions will be executed digitally and remotely; 
• 
80 per cent. of several main product sales to be fully or partly digital/self-service; 
• 
it will maintain the leading position in net promoter score, offering customers the service 
level they expect - convenience of transactions and simple sales, as well as the high 
quality services supported by advice during the onboarding of customers and with 
complex transactions (e.g. selling mortgage loans). 
2. 
Strong, selective growth of the entire business, supported by innovative solutions, aiming to 
match the Bank's customers' needs 
The Bank plans to further digitise sales and service model by taking advantage of COVID-19-
induced shift in customer preferences by developing digital capabilities across the Bank to 
exceed clients' expectations (in daily banking, consumer finance, mortgage, family banking, 
bancassurance, investments). The Bank plans to sell its less complicated products and provide 
customer service through mobile banking. In its branches the Bank will focus on onboarding its 
customers to mobile banking, selling products which require more support from the Bank's 
employee and on the acquisition of new customers. The Bank also wants to focus on stronger 
personalisation of its products and services. 
To improve the customer's experience in retail banking the Bank plans to improve and accelerate 
its services in the field of its mortgage loan services and cash loan services by providing 
customers with a new end-to-end digital and hybrid processes. The Bank plans to offer its 
customers new compelling self-service digital tools and remote services such as mobile savings 
investments. For its microbusiness clients, the Bank plans to develop a new solution for self-
service loans for customers and provide them with new services related to the registration of 
their companies and daily banking. For corporate banking customers, the Bank will focus on 
supporting clients actively in their investment programmes such as within projects focusing on 
green transformation supported by Poland's public programmes. 
3. 
Increase of profitability and efficiency 
The Bank aims to significantly increase its profitability and efficiency. Since all the Bank's 
business segments are expected to grow by more than ten per cent. annually, the Bank plans on 
taking advantage of this expected market growth and the new environment of higher interest 
rates. 
4. 
Reduction of portfolio of FX Mortgage Loans 
The Bank intends to decrease its exposure under the FX Mortgage Loans from 14.6 per cent. of 
the total loan book as at 31 December 2021 to 7 per cent. of the total loan book as at 31 
December 2024. The Bank intends to achieve this goal mainly through amicable settlements 
with the Bank's clients. 
5. 
ESG ambitions 
The Bank decided to significantly reduce its involvement in financing the coal sector. As at 31 
December 2022, the Group's exposure to this sector accounted for 0.96 per cent. of the corporate 
portfolio and 0.27 per cent. of the entire portfolio of the Group. The Bank is planning to achieve 
climate neutrality in the area of its own emissions by 2027 and full neutrality by 2050. The Bank 
will also actively support corporate clients in undertaking decarbonisation activities. 
The Group is working on a new strategy for the next cycle, i.e. years 2025-2028 and intends to publish 
the new strategy in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
Business 
The Group offers a broad range of retail, corporate and investment banking products and services to 
individual retail customers, small and medium enterprises, and large corporations and public sector

--- Page 147 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
entities, including local authorities. The Group's operations are divided into the following reporting 
segments: 
• 
Retail Customer Segment, which covers business activities targeted at mass-market individual 
customers, affluent individuals, small companies and individual entrepreneurs. This segment 
covers a full offering of banking products and services. Lending products include mortgage loans 
denominated in PLN, cash loans, credit cards, revolving loans and leasing products for 
entrepreneurs. Deposit and savings products comprise current and savings accounts, term 
deposits, mutual funds and structured products. High net worth customers also have access to 
foreign mutual funds and structured bonds. In addition, retail customers can also purchase 
insurance products. Securities brokerage business is also included in this segment. 
• 
Corporate Customer Segment includes services to small and medium enterprises, large 
corporations and entities from the public sector. Products offered in this segment include current 
loans, investment loans, current accounts, term deposits, cash management products, treasury 
products and leasing and factoring services. 
• 
Treasury, Assets and Liabilities Management ("ALM") and Other, which consist of the treasury 
operations, brokerage services and inter-bank market transactions positions in debt securities not 
assigned to other segments. It also includes other assets and other liabilities, assets and liabilities 
connected with hedging derivatives, liabilities connected with the external funding of the Group 
and deferred income tax assets not assigned to other segments. 
• 
Foreign Exchange ("FX") Mortgage, a new segment separated from the Retail Customer 
Segment in 2021, includes loans with the underlying foreign currency mortgage contract and 
concerns portfolios of retail mortgages originated in the Bank and the former Euro Bank in 
foreign currencies. 
The table below shows certain segment information for 2023 and 2022: 
1 January 2023 – 31 December 2023 
 
Retail 
Banking 
Corporate 
Banking 
Treasury, 
ALM and 
Other 
Segments 
excluding 
FX 
Mortgage 
FX 
Mortgage 
Total 
(in PLN thousand) 
Net interest income ....
4,684,190 
776,653
(226,859) 
5,233,984
19,505
5,253,489
Net fee and 
commission income ...
590,751 
175,569
4,457 
770,777
11,608
782,385
Dividends, other 
income from 
financial operations 
and foreign 
exchange profit ..........
132,701 
85,157
571,697 
789,555
(273,590)
515,965
Result on non-
trading financial 
assets mandatorily 
at fair value through 
profit or loss ..............
(958) 
0 
13,317 
12,359
0 
12,359
Other operating 
income and cost .........
(20,764) 
7,426
72,738 
59,400
97,968
157,368
Operating income ....
5,385,920 
1,044,805
435,350 
6,866,075
(144,509)
6,721,566
Staff costs ..................
(829,290) 
(179,012)
(26,336) 
(1,034,638)
0 
(1,034,638)
Administrative 
costs, including: .........
(461,201) 
(91,388)
(90,194) 
(642,783)
(104,018)
(746,801)
BGF costs 
0 
0 
(60,039) 
(60,039)
0 
(60,039)
Depreciation and 
amortisation ...............
(181,810) 
(25,749)
(3,958) 
(211,517)
0 
(211,517)
Operating 
expenses ....................
(1,472,301) 
(296,149)
(120,488) 
(1,888,938)
(104,018)
(1,992,956)
Impairment losses 
on assets ....................
(280,495) 
(14,989)
(84) 
(295,568)
33,009
(262,559)
Results on 
(32,881) 
(3,076)
0 
(35,957)
(52,227)
(88,184)

--- Page 148 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
1 January 2023 – 31 December 2023 
 
Retail 
Banking 
Corporate 
Banking 
Treasury, 
ALM and 
Other 
Segments 
excluding 
FX 
Mortgage 
FX 
Mortgage 
Total 
(in PLN thousand) 
modification ..............
Provisions for legal 
risk connected with 
FX mortgage loans  ...
0 
0 
0 
0 
(3,065,380)
(3,065,380)
Total operating 
results ........................
3,600,243 
730,591
314,778 
4,645,612
(3,333,125)
1,312,487
 
1 January 2022 – 31 December 2022 
 
Retail 
Banking 
Corporate 
Banking 
Treasury, 
ALM and 
Other 
Segments 
excluding 
FX 
Mortgage 
FX 
Mortgage 
Total 
(in PLN thousand) 
Net interest income ....
3,088,577 
836,133
(681,058) 
3,243,652
93,639
3,337,291
Net fee and 
commission income ...
597,222 
196,957
41 
794,220
14,085
808,305
Dividends, other 
income from 
financial operations 
and foreign 
exchange profit ..........
140,720 
95,175
(64,960) 
170,935
(380,731)
(209,796)
Result on non-
trading financial 
assets mandatorily 
at fair value through 
profit or loss ..............
12,503 
0 
13,193 
25,696
0 
25,696
Other operating 
income and cost .........
(26,412) 
(1,353)
4,299 
(23,466)
82,991
59,525
Operating income ....
3,812,610 
1,126,912
(728,485) 
4,211,037
(190,016)
4,021,021
Staff costs ..................
(728,879) 
(157,476)
(29,787) 
(916,142)
0 
(916,142)
Administrative 
costs, including: .........
(715,226) 
(82,885)
(111,418) 
(909,529)
(58,588)
(968,117)
BGF and IPS costs 
(305,581) 
(8,225)
(83,430) 
(397,236)
0 
(397,236)
Depreciation and 
amortisation ...............
(176,733) 
(27,660)
(4,529) 
(208,922)
0 
(208,922)
Operating 
expenses ....................
(1,620,838) 
(268,021)
(145,734) 
(2,034,593)
(58,588)
(2,093,181)
Impairment losses 
on assets ....................
(374,638) 
(2,851)
(3,514) 
(381,003)
35,455
(345,548)
Results on 
modification ..............
(24,153) 
(358)
0 
(24,511)
(102,153)
(126,664)
Provisions for legal 
risk connected with 
FX mortgage loans  ...
0 
0 
0 
0 
(2,017,320)
(2,017,320)
Total operating 
results ........................
1,792,981 
855,682
(877,733) 
1,770,930
(2,332,622)
(561,692)
Retail Banking 
Overview 
Retail banking is a key area for the Group. Retail clients are offered a large range of banking products, 
including personal accounts, savings and investment products and loans. The retail banking area is split 
into two segments: individual clients and business clients.

--- Page 149 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
Individual clients 
Personal accounts 
As at 31 December 2023, the Bank maintained 4.3 million personal accounts, including 677 thousand 
foreign currency accounts. The most popular personal account in the Bank's portfolio was the "360 
Degrees Account (Konto 360)" which, together with a new personal account "Millennium 360 Degrees 
Account" in the Bank portfolio reached almost 2.3 million. 
Savings and investment products 
The Bank's deposit products cover a wide range of possibilities, including a variety of deposit accounts 
and term deposits. As at 31 December 2023, aggregate deposits from individuals were PLN 76.6 billion, 
an increase of PLN 7.8 billion on 2022. 
The Bank offers a diverse portfolio of investment products, including products developed by the Bank 
and products of external partners, such as structured deposits, mutual funds and debt securities. 
Lending products 
Customers of the retail banking segment have access to a variety of loan products, from credit cards and 
short-term cash loans to mortgage loans. In 2023, the value of the cash loan portfolio increased by 7 per 
cent. compared with 2022 and, as at 31 December 2023, was PLN 13.3 billion net. The Group's mortgage 
loan portfolio decreased by 6 per cent. to PLN 39.3 billion net as at 31 December 2023. The value of 
PLN-denominated mortgage loans originated by the Group loans grew by 4 per cent. and was PLN 36.4 
billion net as at 31 December 2023. As at 31 December 2023, the number of credit cards issued by the 
Bank was 494 thousand, an increase by 9 thousand compared to 31 December 2022. Loans advanced to 
customers of the retail banking segment are predominantly denominated in PLN. Only customers whose 
income is denominated in a foreign currency are eligible to apply for a loan denominated in that currency. 
Bancassurance 
In 2023, the Group started strategic cooperation in the field of insurance with Europa Insurance Group. 
The Bank offers its retail customers life and non-life insurance products. The main group of the 
bancassurance offering are insurance products related to cash loans and mortgage loans, developed with 
Europa Insurance Group. 
Business clients 
Business client offering is addressed to sole traders and companies whose annual revenues do not exceed 
PLN 5 million. Clients of the business client segment have access to a comprehensive offering of 
traditional banking saving and lending products as well as a leasing offering.  
Corporate Banking 
Corporate Banking is a business line which provides comprehensive financial services to companies with 
annual revenues exceeding PLN 5 million, as well as public sector entities. 
The Bank is focused on creating solutions responding to the needs of a particular client and utilising 
digital solutions which will reduce the time a client has to devote to communicating with the Bank. The 
Bank is also automating various internal processes relating to its Corporate Banking activities. The loans 
advanced to customers of the Corporate Banking line are denominated mostly in PLN. To mitigate the 
risks associated with loans denominated in currencies other than PLN, the Bank advances loans 
denominated in foreign currencies only to companies which have revenues denominated in foreign 
currencies. As at 31 December 2023, the net value of the total loans and receivables portfolio in the 
Corporate Banking line was PLN 17.8 billion, a PLN 1.4 billion decrease compared with 31 December 
2022. Apart from the leasing business with the value of receivables of PLN 6.6 billion as at 31 December 
2023, the Corporate Banking line also covers factoring services, including recourse and non-recourse 
factoring, domestic and foreign reverse factoring, discounting and confirming bills of exchange. 
According to the Polish Association of Factoring Companies, in the fourth quarter of 2023, the Bank had

--- Page 150 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
a 5.7 per cent. market share of the Polish market and held the sixth position in the ranking of Polish 
factoring companies. 
Distribution Network 
The Bank is focusing on developing digital channels, both mobile applications and the internet banking 
systems, with a view for digital channels to become the main distribution channel of the Bank's services 
to retail clients. The Bank also runs an extensive branch network consisting of 612 own and franchise 
outlets as at 31 December 2023, a decrease of 23 outlets compared with 31 December 2022. As at 31 
December 2023, the Bank's ATM network comprised 506 own machines. 
As at 31 December 2023, the number of the Bank's active digital customers (on-line and mobile) was 2.7 
million, including almost 2.5 million mobile banking users, an increase of 7 per cent. and 10 per cent., 
respectively compared with 31 December 2022. In 2023 BLIK (Poland's cashless payment system) 
payments in the mobile app were used by over 2.0 million of Bank's customers, an increase of 19 per 
cent. compared with 2022. 
Customers of the Corporate Banking line have access to a dedicated internet banking system and a mobile 
banking app. The Bank is constantly developing its digital banking solutions to make these more efficient 
and easier to use. Corporate customers also have access to 14 corporate centres offering comprehensive 
banking services to corporate clients. 
Capital Management 
Capital management covers two areas, capital adequacy management and capital allocation. The goal of 
capital adequacy management is to meet the requirements specified in external regulations and ensure 
solvency in normal and stressed conditions. The purpose of capital allocation is to create value for the 
Bank's shareholders by maximising the return on risk in business activity, taking into account the 
established risk appetite. 
Under the CRR, the Bank has to satisfy the following own-fund requirements: 
• 
a Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 per cent.; 
• 
a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6 per cent.; and 
• 
a total capital ratio of 8 per cent. 
In addition to the above own-fund requirements, there are additional buffers included in the Bank's 
minimum capital ratios: 
• 
a P2R buffer (Pillar 2 FX mortgage loans buffer) – imposed by the KNF to cover the risks arising 
under retail mortgage loans denominated in foreign currencies, of 1.47 per cent. at the Bank's 
level and 1.46 per cent. at the Group's level; 
• 
a combined buffer consisting of: 
− 
a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent.; 
− 
an other systematically important institution buffer of 0.25 per cent.; 
− 
a systemic risk buffer of 0 per cent.; and 
− 
a countercyclical buffer of 0 per cent.; and 
• 
an additional capital charge ("P2G") consisting of Common Equity Tier 1 capital to absorb 
potential losses arising from stress events, of 1.59 p.p. at the Bank's level and 1.60 p.p. at the 
Group's level over the OCR. 
As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, the minimum capital ratios, taking into account the regulatory 
requirements and Pillar 2 requirements and capital buffers, were:

--- Page 151 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
 
As at 30 June 2024 
As at 31 December 2023 
 
Bank 
Group 
Bank 
Group 
 
(per cent.) 
CET1 ratio ..............................................
 
 
 
 
Minimum .................................................
4.50 
4.50 
4.50 
4.50 
P2R Buffer ...............................................
0.82 
0.82 
0.82 
0.82 
TSCR CET1 .............................................
5.32 
5.32 
5.32 
5.32 
Capital Conservation Buffer ....................
2.50 
2.50 
2.50 
2.50 
OSII Buffer ..............................................
0.25 
0.25 
0.25 
0.25 
Systemic risk buffer .................................
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
Countercyclical capital buffer ..................
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
Combined buffer ......................................
2.75 
2.75 
2.75 
2.75 
OCR CET 1 ..............................................
8.07 
8.07 
8.07 
8.07 
T1 ratio....................................................
 
 
 
 
Minimum .................................................
6.00 
6.00 
6.00 
6.00 
P2R Buffer ...............................................
1.10 
1.10 
1.10 
1.10 
TSCR T1 ..................................................
7.10 
7.10 
7.10 
7.10 
Capital Conservation Buffer ....................
2.50 
2.50 
2.50 
2.50 
OSII Buffer ..............................................
0.25 
0.25 
0.25 
0.25 
Systemic risk buffer .................................
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
Countercyclical capital buffer ..................
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
Combined buffer ......................................
2.75 
2.75 
2.75 
2.75 
OCR T1 ....................................................
9.85 
9.85 
9.85 
9.85 
TCR ratio ................................................
 
 
 
 
Minimum .................................................
8.00 
8.00 
8.00 
8.00 
P2R Buffer ...............................................
1.47 
1.46 
1.47 
1.46 
TSCR TCR ...............................................
9.47 
9.46 
9.47 
9.46 
Capital Conservation Buffer ....................
2.50 
2.50 
2.50 
2.50 
OSII Buffer ..............................................
0.25 
0.25 
0.25 
0.25 
Systemic risk buffer .................................
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
Countercyclical capital buffer ..................
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
Combined buffer ......................................
2.75 
2.75 
2.75 
2.75 
OCR TCR ................................................
12.22 
12.21 
12.22 
12.21 
The Bank uses an internal ratings-based method to calculate own funds requirements for retail exposures 
to individual customers secured on residential mortgages and for retail revolving exposures. In 
consultation with the relevant regulatory bodies the Bank is implementing the internal ratings-based 
approach for other portfolios, with the exception of portfolios of exposures to central banks and 
governments, institutions, leasing and capital exposures. The Group defines a rating system as all the 
methods, processes, controls, data collection and IT systems that are used for the assessment of credit risk 
and for classification of exposures to a pool with a specified risk level, including the rules on the priority 
of rating models and the rules for overriding rating grades. The ratings are assigned on the basis of three 
models: probability of default, loss given default and exposure at default / balance sheet equivalent. 
The BGF informed the Bank of the joint decision of the relevant resolution authorities, i.e. the BGF and 
the Single Resolution Board, setting out, effective from 19 June 2024, the Group's MREL at 18.03 per 
cent. of the Group's total risk exposure amount ("MRELtrea") and 5.91 per cent. of the Group's total 
exposure measure ("MRELtem"). Taking into account the subordination criterion, the Bank has to meet 
MRELtrea requirement of 17.92 per cent. and MRELtem requirement of 5.87 per cent. Additionally, the 
Bank also has to meet MREL with Combined Buffer Requirement of 2.75 per cent.

--- Page 152 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
The table below presents selected data concerning MREL: 
 
 
As at 30 June 
2024 
As at 31 
December 2023 
As at 30 June 
2023 
MRELtrea ratio .............................................................
22.92% 
23.77% 
14.93% 
Minimum required level MRELtrea .................................
18.03% 
18.89% 
14.42% 
Surplus (+)/Deficit (-) of MRELtrea (percentage 
points) 
4.89 
4.88 
0.51 
Minimum required level including Combined Buffer 
Requirement (CBR) 
20.78% 
21.64% 
17.17% 
Surplus (+)/Deficit (-) of MRELtrea CBR (percentage 
points) ..............................................................................
2.14% 
2.13 
-2.24 
MRELtem ratio ................................................................
7.05% 
7.50% 
5.87% 
Minimum required level of MRELtem.........................
5.91% 
5.91% 
4.46% 
Surplus (+)/Deficit (-) of MRELtrea (percentage 
points) ..............................................................................
1.14 
1.59 
1.41 
The tables below present selected data concerning the capital ratios of the Bank and the Group as at the 
dates indicated below: 
 
 
Bank 
Group 
 
 
31 December 
31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
Total capital ratio ...........................................................  
19.04% 
14.53% 
18.06% 
14.42% 
Minimum required level (OCR)  ......................................  
12.22% 
12.70% 
12.21% 
12.69% 
Surplus/Deficit of TCR capital adequacy (p.p.)  ..............  
6.82 
1.83 
5.85 
1.73 
Minimum recommended level TCR (OCR+P2G)  ...........  
13.81% 
14.42% 
13.81% 
14.44% 
Surplus/Deficit on recommended level (p.p.)  ..................  
5.23 
0.11 
4.25 
-0.02 
Tier 1 capital ratio (T1)  ................................................  
15.40% 
11.36% 
14.73% 
11.28% 
Minimum required level (OCR)  ......................................  
9.85% 
10.22% 
9.85% 
10.21% 
Surplus/Deficit of T1 capital adequacy ............................  
5.55 
1.14 
4.88 
1.07 
Minimum recommended level T1 (OCR+P2G)  ..............  
11.44% 
11.94% 
11.45% 
11.96% 
Surplus/Deficit on recommended level (p.p.)  ..................  
3.96 
-0.58 
3.28 
-0.68 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio .............................  
15.40% 
11.36% 
14.73% 
11.28% 
Minimum required level (OCR)  ......................................  
8.07% 
8.35% 
8.07% 
8.34% 
Minimum recommended level CET1 (OCR+P2G)  .........  
9.66% 
10.07% 
9.67% 
10.09% 
Surplus/Deficit on recommended level (p.p.)  ..................  
5.74 
1.29 
6.66 
1.19 
Leverage ratio.................................................................  
4.77% 
4.74% 
4.66% 
4.72% 
Minimum required level ...................................................  
3.00% 
3.00% 
3.00% 
3.00% 
Surplus/Deficit of Leverage ratio .....................................  
1.77 
1.74 
1.66 
1.72 
 
 
Bank 
Group 
 
As at  
30 June 
2024 
As at  
31 
December 
2023 
As at  
30 June 
2024 
As at  
31 
December 
2023 
 
(PLN million) 
Risk-weighted assets ........................................................  
39,710.3 
37,960.4 
43,317.7 
41,354.5 
Own Funds requirements, including: ...........................  
3,176.8 
3,036.8 
3,465.4 
3,308.4 
Credit risk and counterparty credit risk ............................  
2,678.9 
2,589.0 
2,945.2 
2,841.2 
Market risk .......................................................................  
16.6 
15.4 
16.6 
15.4 
Operational risk ................................................................  
478.0 
427.0 
500.4 
446.4 
Credit Valuation Adjustment CVA ..................................  
3.3 
5.4 
3.3 
5.4 
Own Funds, including: ..................................................  
7,061.4 
7,228.3 
7,421.0 
7,470.6 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ........................................  
5,819.4 
5,847.4 
6,178.9 
6,089.7 
Tier 2 Capital ...................................................................  
1,242.0 
1,380.9 
1,242.1 
1,380.9 
Total Capital Ratio (TCR) .............................................  
17.78% 
19.04% 
17.13% 
18.06% 
Minimum required level ...................................................  
12.22% 
12.22% 
12.21% 
12.21% 
Surplus (+) / Deficit (-) of TCR ratio (pp) ........................  
5.56 
6.82 
4.92 
5.85 
Tier 1 Capital ratio (T1) ................................................  
14.65% 
15.40% 
14.26% 
14.73% 
Minimum required level ...................................................  
9.85% 
9.85% 
9.85% 
9.85% 
Surplus (+) / Deficit (-) of T1 ratio (pp) ...........................  
4.80 
5.55 
4.41 
4.88 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio (CET1) ..............  
14.65% 
15.40% 
14.26% 
14.73% 
Minimum required level ...................................................  
8.07% 
8.07% 
8.07% 
8.07%

--- Page 153 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
Surplus (+) / Deficit (-) of CET1 ratio (pp) ......................  
6.58 
7.33 
6.19 
6.66 
Leverage ratio.................................................................  
4.43% 
4.77% 
4.41% 
4.66% 
Minimum required level ...................................................  
3.00% 
3.00% 
3.00% 
3.00% 
Surplus (+) / Deficit (-) of financial leverage ratio (pp) ...  
1.43 
1.77 
1.41 
1.66 
 
Borrowings 
As at 31 December 2023, the Group had outstanding liabilities, under loans granted to the Group and debt 
securities issued by the members of the Group, of PLN 3,183 million. The table below gives primary 
information on the outstanding debt securities issued by the Group: 
 
Issuer 
Status 
Currency 
Principal 
amount 
(thousand) 
Issue  
Date 
Maturity 
Date 
Listing 
The Bank 
Subordinated 
Bonds 
PLN 
700,000 
7 December 
2017 
7 December 
2027 
Warsaw 
The Bank 
Subordinated 
Bonds 
PLN 
830,000 
30 January 
2019 
30 January 
2029 
Warsaw 
The Bank 
Credit-linked 
Notes 
PLN 
242,500 
23 December 
2022 
25 January 
2040 
Vienna 
The Bank 
Credit-linked 
Notes 
PLN 
489,000 
11 December 
2023 
25 August 
2036 
Vienna 
The Bank 
Senior Non-
Preferred Notes 
EUR 
500,000 
18 September 
2023 
18 
September 
2027 
Luxembo
urg 
Millennium 
Leasing 
Credit-linked 
Notes 
PLN 
280,000 
12 July 2023 
20 October 
2038 
Vienna 
Related Party Transactions 
The Group entered into a number of related party transactions, including transactions between members 
of the Group and transactions with members of the BCP Group. The tables below show the related party 
transactions entered into by the Group as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022: 
 
Transactions with BCP Group 
With the parent 
company 
With other entities 
 
(PLN thousand) 
 
As at or for the year 
ended 
31 December 
As at or for the year 
ended 
31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to banks – accounts and deposits  
2,097 
2,575 
0 
0 
Financial assets held for trading ..................................  
0 
32 
0 
0 
Hedging derivatives ....................................................  
0 
0 
0 
0 
Other assets .................................................................  
0 
0 
0 
0 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Loans and deposits from banks ...................................  
719 
434 
0 
0 
Debt securities .............................................................  
0 
0 
0 
0 
Financial liabilities held for trading ............................  
0 
0 
0 
0 
Hedging derivatives ....................................................  
0 
0 
0 
0 
Other liabilities............................................................  
215 
0 
8 
68 
Income 
 
 
 
 
Interest ........................................................................  
2,676 
1,008  
0 
0 
Commissions ...............................................................  
120 
149 
0 
0 
Financial assets and liabilities held for trading ...........  
28 
30 
0 
0 
Expense 
 
 
 
 
Interest ........................................................................  
2 
75 
0 
0 
Commissions ...............................................................  
0 
0 
0 
0 
Financial assets and liabilities held for trading ...........  
0 
0 
0 
0 
Other net operating expenses ......................................  
0 
0 
0 
0 
Administrative expenses .............................................  
431 
0 
94 
138

--- Page 154 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
Risk management 
Overview 
The management of risk is one of the key tasks of the Bank's Management Board. It defines the 
framework for business development, profitability and stability, by creating rules that ensure the Group's 
compliance, its internal control best practices and legal requirements and co-ordination of its strategy for 
managing all risks. 
The mission of risk management is to ensure that all types of risks are managed, monitored and controlled 
as required for the risk profile (risk appetite), nature and scale of the Group's operations. One of the key 
principles of risk management is the optimisation of the risk and profitability trade-off. 
The goals of risk management are achieved through implementing the following actions: 
• 
developing risk management strategies, credit policy, processes and procedures defining the 
principles for acceptance of the acceptable level of particular types of risk; 
• 
increasingly wider implementation of advanced tools for identifying, measuring and controlling 
risk; and 
• 
increasing awareness of employees regarding their responsibility for proper risk management at 
every level of the Group's organisational structure. 
The function of risk management is centralised for the whole Group and takes into account the need to 
obtain the assumed profitability and to maintain capital sufficient to cover the risk. The risk management 
system uses a broad range of methods both qualitative and quantitative, including advanced mathematical 
and statistical tools and is supported by adequate IT solutions. 
When defining business and profitability targets, the Group takes into account the specified risk 
framework in order to ensure that business structure and growth will respect the risk profile that is 
targeted and that will be reflected in several indicators such as: 
• 
loan growth in particular products/segments; 
• 
structure of the loan portfolio; 
• 
asset quality indicators; 
• 
cost of risk; 
• 
capital requirements; and 
• 
amount and structure of necessary liquidity. 
The risk management and control model at the Group level is based on the following principles: 
• 
ensuring the full-scope quantification and parameterisation of various types of risks from the 
perspective of optimising balance sheet and off-balance sheet items to the assumed level of 
profitability of business activity. The main areas of analysis encompass credit risk, market risk, 
liquidity risk and operational risk. Legal and litigation risk also are subject to particular attention; 
• 
all types of risks are monitored and controlled by reference to the profitability of operations and 
the level of capital necessary to ensure the safety of operations from the point of view of capital 
adequacy. The results of risk measuring are regularly reported as part of the management 
information system; and 
• 
the segregation of duties between risk origination, risk management and risk control.

--- Page 155 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
Delineate  
key risk 
definitions 
Define  
risk strategy 
Define  
risk policy 
Implement 
policy 
Monitor, 
Control, 
Reporting 
Delineate the 
models and 
definitions to 
classify 
customers, 
products, 
processes, and 
risk measures 
Defining 
principles and 
risk targets 
according to risk 
appetite, risk 
capacity and 
business 
strategy 
Defining 
thresholds, 
levels, 
competences, 
limits, cut-offs 
according to 
Risk Strategy 
Designing 
products 
with 
Business and 
implement 
them in 
tools and 
regulations; 
Decision 
processes 
Monitor the 
models’ 
performance 
and the 
portfolios 
behaviour 
Risk management process 
The diagram below demonstrates the Group's risk management process: 
Division of responsibilities 
The division of responsibilities in the risk management area is as follows: 
• 
the Bank's Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the compliance of the Group's risk-
taking policy with the Group's strategy and its financial plan. The Supervisory Board's 
Committee for Risk Matters supports the Supervisory Board in performing these tasks by, among 
others, opining on the Group's Risk Strategy and the Group's risk appetite. 
• 
the Bank's Management Board is responsible for the effectiveness of the risk management system 
in order to pursuit the corporate objectives within the approved risk appetite set by the 
Supervisory Board and to ensure an adequate and effective internal governance and internal 
control framework, including a clear organisational structure and independent internal risk 
management functions; 
• 
the Credit Committee, the Capital, Assets and Liabilities Committee, and the Liabilities at Risk 
Committee are responsible for the current management of different areas of banking risk – within 
the framework determined by the Management Board; 
• 
the Risk Committee and the Processes and Operational Risk Committee are responsible for 
defining the policy and for monitoring and controlling different areas of banking risk – within the 
framework determined by the Management Board; 
• 
the Product Committee is responsible for reviewing proposals concerning introducing new 
products into the Group's offering or withdrawing existing products from the Group's offering; 
• 
the AML Committee is responsible for supervision over anti-money laundering and terrorism 
financing risk management and cooperation in the area of combatting financial crime; 
• 
the Validation Committee is responsible for confirming risk models validation results and follow-
up in the implementation of the measures defined by the Models Validation Office; 
• 
the Sustainability Committee is responsible for making key decisions on sustainable development 
in the Group, in terms of environmental, social and governance factors; 
• 
the Sub-Committee for Court Cases is responsible for expressing opinions and taking decisions 
in matters regarding court proceedings, for the cases when the value of the dispute or direct effect 
for assets value as a consequence of a court verdict exceeds PLN 1 million or as result of 
multiple cases of the same nature, excluding cases belonging to the restructuring and recovery 
portfolio of the Bank's receivables managed by the Corporate Recovery Department and Retail 
Restructuring and Debt Collection Department; the Litigation Risk Sub-Committee is responsible 
for disputes in the portfolio of the Retail Restructuring and Debt Collection Department, which 
nature of the dispute corresponds to the nature of court disputes supervised by the Sub-
Committee for Court Cases. It is also responsible for the determination of terms of settlement of

--- Page 156 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
legal relationships at the pre-trial stage or in circumstances indicating a significant likelihood of 
litigation which, if materialized, would fall within the competence of the Sub-Committee for 
Court Cases, excluding cases managed by the Corporate Recovery Department; 
• 
the Risk Department is responsible for risk management, including identifying, measuring, 
analysing, monitoring and reporting on risk within the Group. The Risk Department also prepares 
risk management policies and procedures as well as providing information and proposes courses 
of action necessary for the Capital, Assets and Liabilities Committee, Risk Committee and the 
Management Board to make decisions concerning risk management; 
• 
the Rating Department is mainly responsible for risk rating assignment for corporate clients 
(based on the evaluation of clients' creditworthiness) as well as for rating monitoring and 
potential revision during the period of its validity. The rating assignment process is independent 
from the credit decision process; 
• 
the Corporate Credit Underwriting Department, Mortgage Credit Underwriting Department and 
Consumer Finance Underwriting Department are responsible within the Corporate Customer 
segment and Retail Customer segment, respectively, for the credit decision process, including 
analysing customers' financial situations, preparing credit proposals for the decision-making 
levels and making credit decisions within specified limits; 
• 
the Retail Liabilities Monitoring and Collection Department and Retail Liabilities Restructuring 
and Recovery Department have responsibility for monitoring repayment of overdue debts by 
retail customers and their collection; 
• 
the Corporate Recovery Department develops specific strategies regarding each debtor from 
recovery portfolio, which aims to maximise timely collection of outstanding debt and minimise 
the risk incurred by the Group. This approach is constantly revised to reflect updated 
information, and the best practices and experiences regarding the collection of overdue debt; 
• 
the Treasury Control and Analyses Office has responsibility for monitoring the use of part of the 
Group's limits, including counterparty and stop-loss limits, the Group's FX positions, results of 
active trading, and control of operations of the treasury segment; 
• 
the Models Validation Office has responsibility for qualitative and quantitative models analysis 
and validation, independent from the function of models development; development of the 
models validation and monitoring tools; activities connected with issuing opinions on the 
adequacy of the models for the segment for which they were developed; and preparing reports for 
the Validation Committee's needs; 
• 
the Sustainability Department is responsible for supervising and coordinating the implementation 
of the principles of sustainable development in the Bank and the Group; 
• 
the Anti-Fraud Sub-Unit has responsibility for implementing and monitoring Bank policy 
execution in the scope of fraud risk management in co-operation with others Bank units. The 
Sub-Unit constitutes a competence centre for the anti-fraud process; 
• 
the Compliance Department has the responsibility to ensure compliance with legal regulations, 
related regulatory standards, market principles and standards as well as the internal organisation 
regulations and codes of conduct; and 
• 
the Legal Department has responsibility for handling the litigation cases of the Bank, with the 
support of external legal offices and legal experts whenever necessary. 
The Group has developed a comprehensive risk management strategy for the period from 2024 to 2026. 
The risk management strategy assumes a three-years perspective, is reviewed and updated annually and is 
approved by the Bank's Management Board and Supervisory Board. 
Loan application process

--- Page 157 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
The Bank provides a broad range of credit products for all clients' segments, ensuring their compliance 
with external and internal regulations, and alignment with the Bank's desired risk tolerance and needs of 
its customers. 
Depending on a client's segment, applications for credit transactions are done remotely, through branches 
or assigned bank advisers. 
Credit processes, including the credit decision-making processes, are tailored for the different customer 
segments. Internal regulations define credit processes flow and credit decision-making rules, ensuring the 
separation of functions between origination, rating assignment, credit decision and credit administration. 
All participants of these process are responsible for the end result of a credit transaction. Decisions on 
granting a credit can be made automatically or manually. In the case of manual credit decisions, internal 
regulations define the competence of decision levels taking into account the client's rating and its overall 
exposure. Generally, the decision level structure ensures the ''four-eyes'' principle - although for smaller 
exposures credit decisions are permitted to be made by one person. The decision level structure eliminates 
possible cases of conflict of interests or other factors set out in the Code of Ethics. 
The decision to grant a credit transaction is primarily based on the ability of the customer to reimburse the 
credit transaction through the cash flows generated in its activity and income and not through the 
execution of collaterals, which is always an exceptional situation. In assessing a customer credit capacity, 
consideration is given to the entire involvement of the customer with the Group. The particulars of the 
situation of the entities belonging to the same economic group are taken into consideration in the 
assessment of the client. Available internal and external sources of information concerning the condition 
of the customer are taken into account, particularly information from the credit information bureau. 
The Bank ensures the correct formalisation and documentation of credit transactions and of the associated 
credit risk mitigation instruments, verifying that the documents and contracts legally involve all the 
related parties and are legally enforceable in every applicable jurisdiction. 
Credit agreements in the corporate segment contain clauses (covenants) ensuring that the minimum 
financial and other conditions underlying the approval of the credit transaction are maintained, including 
the possibility of demanding the early repayment of the credit transaction if the borrower fails to meet the 
agreed conditions. 
The Bank has a warning system able to detect, in a timely manner, signs of possible deterioration of a 
client's situation. Dedicated units, separated from the business area, are responsible for taking appropriate 
action when such signals appear.  
Regardless of the warning system, the Bank provides ongoing monitoring of the credit transactions, 
constantly verifying that the conditions underlying their approval are maintained, particularly regarding 
coverage with collateral compliance with the covenants of the transaction and the validity of the credit 
transaction support documentation. 
Loan collateral 
The Group accepts a collateral to mitigate its credit risk exposure. The main role of the collateral is to 
minimise loss in the event of customer default in the repayment of credit transactions in the contractual 
amounts and on the agreed contractual dates by ensuring an alternative source of repayment of due and 
payable amounts. 
The collateral is accepted in accordance with the credit policy principles defined for each customer 
segment. The key principle is that collateral for a credit transaction should correspond to the credit risk 
incurred by the Group by taking into account the specific nature of the transaction (i.e. its type, amount, 
repayment period and the customer's rating). 
The credit policy defines the types, kinds and legal forms of collateral accepted in the Group as well as 
more detailed requirements that are to ensure the probability of selling collateral of respective types in the 
context of the Group's recovery experiences. 
The Group pays special attention to the correct determination of collateral value. It defined the rules for 
preparing and verifying collateral valuation and does its utmost to ensure that such valuations are 
objective, and conservative and reflect the true value of the collateral. To ensure effective establishment

--- Page 158 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
of collateral, the Group has developed appropriate forms of collateral agreements, applications, powers-
of-attorney and representations. In the retail segment, accepted collateral consists mainly of residential 
real property (mortgage loans) and financial assets. The corporate segment primarily includes all types of 
property (residential, commercial and land) are taken as well as the Polish state development bank 
guarantees. Common types of collateral are also movables, inventories and the assignment of receivables 
from contracts. Temporary collateral is also accepted in the period before the final collateral is 
established. 
Additionally, the Group uses various forms of instruments supplementing the collateral, which facilitate 
enforcement or increase the probability of effective repayment of debt from a specific collateral. Those 
instruments include: a statement of submitting to enforcement in the form of a notarial deed, blank 
promissory note, power-of-attorney to a bank account, and assignment of rights under an insurance 
agreement. 
The Group monitors the collateral to ensure that it satisfies the terms of the agreement, i.e. that the final 
collateral of the transaction has been established in a legally effective manner or that the assigned 
insurance policies are renewed. The value of the collateral is also monitored during the term of the credit 
transaction. 
Non-performing loans 
The table below shows the quality of the Group's credit portfolio as at 31 December 2023 and 31 
December 2022 including three stages and purchased or originated credit impaired assets ("POCI"). The 
Bank actively manages its non-performing loans portfolio by, for example, selling the loan portfolios to 
external non-performing loan managers. 
 
31 December 2023 
Balance sheet value, gross 
Accumulated impairment 
allowances 
Net 
balance 
sheet value 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2  
Stage 3 
(including 
POCI) 
Stage 1 
Stage 2  
Stage 3 
(including 
POCI) 
 
 
(PLN thousand) 
Valued at amortised 
cost ...........................  
66,610,808 
6,050,620 
3,458,837 
(427,418) 
(322,955) (1,746,181) 73,623,711 
Companies ...............  
15,453,270 
1,303,085 
730,805 
(103,386) 
(42,529) 
(245,469) 17,095,776 
Individuals ...............  
50,994,741 
4,747,531 
2,728,032 
(322,601) 
(280,426) (1,500,712) 56,366,565 
Public sector .............  
162,797 
4 
0 
(1,431) 
0 
0 
161,370 
 
 
31 December 2022 
Balance sheet value, gross 
Accumulated impairment 
allowances 
Net 
balance 
sheet value 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
(including 
POCI) 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
(including 
POCI) 
 
 
(PLN thousand) 
Valued at amortised 
cost ...........................  
68,696,492 
6,725,350 
3,466,149 
(372,163) 
(364,173) (1,684,475) 76,467,182 
Companies ...............  
16,775,373 
1,508,622 
637,682 
(115,976) 
(59,368) 
(238,824) 18,507,510 
Individuals ...............  
51,722,402 
5,215,685 
2,828,467 
(254,633) 
(304,804) (1,445,651) 57,761,466 
Public sector .............  
198,718 
1,043 
0 
(1,554) 
(1) 
0 
198,206 
 
 
Shareholders 
Overview 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank's share capital is divided into 1,213,116,777 ordinary 
bearer and registered shares with a nominal value of PLN 1 each. The A series shares give their holders 
the right to two votes at the Bank's General Meeting. The remaining series of shares give their holders the 
right to one vote at the Bank's General Meeting.

--- Page 159 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
The Bank is a public company and its shares are listed on the regulated market of the WSE. Therefore, the 
Bank does not have detailed information on all of its shareholders. The Bank only receives information on 
its significant shareholders if these shareholders comply with the notification requirements prescribed by 
Polish law. 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, BCP held 607,771,505 shares in the Bank, which constitutes 50.10 
per cent. of the Bank's share capital and confers the right to 50.10 per cent. of votes at the Bank's General 
Meeting. 
The table below sets out information on the shareholding structure of the Bank as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, based on the most recent notifications made to the Bank. 
 
 
Number of shares 
Per cent. of voting 
rights at the General 
Meeting 
BCP .............................................................................................  
607,771,505 
50.10 
Nationale-Nederlanden Otwarty Fundusz Emerytalny ................  
107,970,000 
8.90 
Allianz Polska Otwarty Fundusz Emerytalny 
105,043,837 
8.66 
Otwarty Fundusz Emerytalny PZU "Złota Jesień" ......................  
65,492,207 
5.40 
Other shareholders ......................................................................  
326,839,228 
26.94 
Total ...........................................................................................  
1,213,116,777 
100 
BCP's control over the Bank 
Nature of control 
As a holder of the majority of voting rights at the Bank's General Meeting, BCP can exercise a decisive 
influence on the resolutions adopted by this body, and, in particular, on the resolutions on key issues 
relating to the Bank's organisation and operations, including:  
• 
appropriation of the profits/offsetting of losses incurred by the Bank;  
• 
approval of the due performance of their duties by the Bank's bodies;  
• 
appointment and dismissal of members of the Supervisory Board;  
• 
amendments to the Bank's statutes;  
• 
increases and decreases in the share capital of the Bank;  
• 
the redemption of shares;  
• 
the utilisation of supplementary capital and reserve capitals by the Bank;  
• 
the issue of convertible bonds or bonds with a pre-emptive right;  
• 
the determination of remuneration rules for Supervisory Board members; and  
• 
the Bank's liquidation, merger, demerger or transformation.  
Since Management Board members are appointed and dismissed by the Supervisory Board, BCP, by 
having a decisive influence on the composition of the Supervisory Board, can also directly influence the 
composition of the Management Board. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no entity other than BCP 
has control over the Bank. 
In the opinion of the Bank, neither the Statute nor the by-laws of the General Meeting, the Supervisory 
Board or the Management Board contain any provisions which might delay, forestall or prevent a change 
of control over the Bank.

--- Page 160 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
Mechanisms preventing an abuse of control 
There are a number of legal instruments aimed at preventing an abuse of control over the Bank by its 
major shareholder specified in the Commercial Companies Code, the Banking Law and the Act on Public 
Offerings. 
Dividend 
The Group's dividend policy assumes distribution of between 35 per cent. to 50 per cent. of the Bank's net 
profit, provided that recommendations of the KNF regarding the payment of dividends are met and there 
are no other restrictions to paying dividends.  
The bank recorded a net loss in 2022 and it did not pay any dividend for that year. The whole amount of 
the Bank's profit for 2023 was allocated to the Bank's reserve capital. 
IT and operations 
The Group has several IT systems, including systems supporting remote banking channels, product 
management, accounting, IT and HR support. The IT infrastructure meets market standards and is 
protected with a regularly tested business continuity solution (including a remote facility), data backup 
procedures, off-site data storage and sophisticated cybercrime prevention software. Additionally, the 
Issuer is constantly monitoring the compliance of its IT systems with the relevant recommendations of the 
KNF. 
Litigation  
Lawsuits 
The below description includes information on the court cases pending, initiated by and against the 
Group, excluding the proceedings before the Tax Control Authority. 
Court cases brought up by the Group 
The value of court disputes, as at 31 December 2023, in which the Group companies were a plaintiff, 
totalled PLN 3,568.0 million. As at 30 June 2024 it was PLN 2,365.1 million. This decrease was caused 
by the Group limiting the scope of its claims against the borrowers under the FX Mortgage Loans for 
remuneration for the use of capital or valorisation of the disbursed capital. 
Court cases against the Group 
The following are descriptions of the court cases brought against the Group that the Group classifies as 
material as at 30 June 2024: 
• 
the Bank is the defendant in two court proceedings in which the subject of the dispute is the 
amount of the interchange fee. The Bank, together with certain other financial institutions, is 
accused of acting under an agreement restricting competition on the acquiring services market by 
jointly setting the level of the national interchange fee. The total value of claims in these cases is 
PLN 729.2 million. The cases are pending. The Bank has not created a provision to cover 
potential losses resulting from losing these cases because the Bank expects that the courts' 
verdicts in these cases will be favourable to the Bank. 
• 
the Bank is the defendant in court proceedings brought by Europejska Fundacja Współpracy 
Polsko-Belgijskiej, now operating under the name The European Foundation for Polish-Kenyan 
Cooperation (the "Foundation"). The Foundation sued the Bank for damages caused by the Bank 
due to the wrong interpretation of the agreement for a working capital loan, which resulted in 
accelerating the loan. The total value of the claim in this dispute is PLN 521.9 million. On 10 
May 2023, the court of first instance dismissed the Foundation's claims. The court's verdict is not 
yet final and the Foundation appealed from this verdict. The Bank requested the court to dismiss 
the appeal in its entirety as unfounded. The Bank has not created a provision to cover potential 
losses resulting from losing the case because the Bank, based on the legal advice it has received, 
is of the view that the courts will dismiss the Foundation's claim.

--- Page 161 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
As at 31 December 2023, the total value of claims in court cases against the Group was PLN 5,547.3 
million and as at 30 June 2024 it was PLN 6,070.1 million. This does not include the value of claims in 
the class actions brought against the Group and described below. 
Class action related to LTV insurance 
The Bank is the defendant in a class action brought against it by the Municipal Consumer Ombudsman in 
Olsztyn representing 697 borrowers being parties to 432 loan agreements concluded with the Bank, 
claiming that certain clauses contained in these loan agreements concerning the client's obligation to pay 
for a compulsory insurance covering the Bank's risk associated with low equity contributions made by the 
clients are abusive and therefore prohibited and invalid. The total value of the claim in this dispute is over 
PLN 7.3 million. The case is pending. The Bank has created a provision of PLN 4.4 million to cover 
potential losses resulting from losing the case. 
Lawsuit filed by Financial Ombudsman for discontinuation of unfair market practices 
On 13 August 2020, the Bank received a lawsuit brought against it by the Financial Ombudsman. In the 
lawsuit, the Financial Ombudsman has demanded that the Bank, together with another financial 
institution from the insurance sector, be ordered to discontinue unfair market practices involving: 
• 
presenting the offered loan repayment insurance as protecting the interests of the insured in cases 
where the insurance structure indicates that it protects the Bank's interests; 
• 
the use of clauses linking the value of insurance benefits with the amount of the borrower's debt; 
• 
the use of clauses determining the amount of insurance premium without a prior risk assessment 
(underwriting); and 
• 
the use of clauses excluding the insurer's liability for insurance accidents resulting from earlier 
causes. 
Furthermore, the Financial Ombudsman requires the Bank to be ordered to publish, on its website, 
information on the use of unfair market practices. The lawsuit does not include any demand for the Bank 
to pay any specified amounts. Nonetheless, if the practice is deemed to be abusive, it may constitute 
grounds for future claims to be filed by individual clients. The case is pending. 
Court claims concerning the "free loan" sanction 
The Polish consumer protection laws set out a list of information that must be indicated in loan 
agreements with consumers. This information includes the principal parameters of the loan, interest and 
fees associated with the loan or the terms on which the loan may be prepaid. If the bank did not include 
the required information in the loan agreement, the borrower may repay the loan without any interest or 
fees, so called "free loan" sanction. Certain borrowers under consumer loans or professional entities 
which acquired claims under the loans from the original borrowers attempted to challenge the loan in 
courts by claiming that they did not meet the criteria prescribed by Polish consumer protection laws. As at 
30 June 2024, there were 683 court proceedings pending against the Group relating to the "free loan" 
sanction. Up to the date of this Base Prospectus, most of the judgments issued in these cases were in 
favour of the Bank and as such, the Bank has not created provisions for the remaining claims. 
Court claims relating to mortgage loans in PLN 
An increase in the reference rates by the MPC, a body which is responsible for setting the reference rates 
in Poland, led to an increase of WIBOR, a benchmark which is the basis for determining the interest rate 
for the majority of floating rate loans denominated in PLN. Certain borrowers under such loans tried to 
challenge the loans in court by requesting the courts invalidate the loan agreements in whole or only in 
relation to the provisions concerning the calculation of interest. As at 30 June 2024, there were 63 
proceedings pending against the Group relating to the loans with interest rate based on WIBOR. One 
judgment has been issued so far and it was in favour of the Bank. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the Bank has not created provisions for legal risk associated with these claims.

--- Page 162 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
Court claims, current provisions related to foreign currency mortgage loans and events that may 
impact foreign currency mortgage legal risk and related provision 
Court claims and provisions for legal risk 
As at 31 December 2023, the Bank had 20,914 loan agreements and additionally 1,780 loan agreements 
from the former Euro Bank in dispute. Under individual ongoing litigations (excluding claims submitted 
by the Bank against clients i.e. debt collection cases) concerning the indexation clauses of foreign 
currency mortgage loans submitted to the courts with the total value of claims filed by the plaintiffs 
amounting to PLN 4,130.6 million and CHF 281.5 million. As at 30 June 2024, the Bank had 22,141 loan 
agreements and additionally 2,070 loan agreements from former Euro Bank under individual ongoing 
litigations (excluding claims submitted by the bank against clients i.e. debt collection cases) concerning 
indexation clauses of FX mortgage loans submitted to the courts with the total value of claims filed by the 
plaintiffs amounting to PLN 4,528.0 million and CHF 320.1 million. Clients' claims in individual 
proceedings primarily concern the declaration of invalidity of the contract and payment for 
reimbursement of allegedly undue performance, due to the abusive nature of indexation clauses, or 
maintenance of the agreement in PLN with an interest rate indexed to CHF LIBOR. 
The Bank is also a party to a class action concerning the Bank's potential liability towards the class action 
members based on unjust enrichment (the undue benefit) in connection with the foreign currency 
mortgage loans. The potential court rulings in these proceedings will not grant any amounts to the class 
action members. The number of credit agreements covered by these proceedings is 3,273. On 24 May 
2022 the court issued a judgment on the merits, dismissing the claim in full. On 13 December 2022 the 
claimant filed an appeal against the judgment. On 20 November 2023 the claimant applied for an 
injunction against the Bank. This request was dismissed on 27 December 2023. On 25 June 2024 an 
appeal hearing was held, at which the Bank filed a motion to amend the composition of the group and 
exclude those group members who had entered into an amicable settlement with the Bank. The court 
required the plaintiffs to respond to the Bank's demand. The court will set the date of the next hearing. 
There has been an aggressive advertising campaign in Poland to encourage litigation against the financial 
sector which affected the number of court disputes. Until the end of 2019, 1,984 individual claims were 
filed against Bank and 236 against the former Euro Bank. In 2020, the number of claims against Bank 
increased by 3,005 and by 265 against the former Euro Bank. In 2021, the number of claims against Bank 
increased by 6,159 and by 423 against the former Euro Bank. In 2022, the number of claims against Bank 
increased by 5,757 and by 408 against the former Euro Bank. In 2023 the number of claims against Bank 
increased by 6,879 and by 646 against the former Euro Bank, while in the first half of 2024 the number of 
claims against the Bank increased by 3,220 and by 398 against the former Euro Bank. 
According to the Polish Banking Association, and on the basis of the data gathered from all Polish banks 
which granted FX mortgage loans, the vast majority of disputes were finally determined against the banks 
and in favour of the claimants. As of 30 June 2024, 5,456 cases have been finally resolved. 3,807 rulings 
were against the Bank, 70 rulings were favourable for the Bank, 1,515 cases were settled and 64 claims 
were withdrawn. 
On 31 December 2023, the outstanding gross balance of loan agreements under individual court cases and 
class actions against the Bank was PLN 6,264 million, of which the outstanding amount of the loan 
agreements under the class action proceedings was PLN 763 million. If all of the Bank's loan agreements, 
which were then subject to individual and class action court proceedings, were declared invalid without 
awarding the Bank a proper compensation from the borrowers for the use of capital, the pre-tax cost could 
reach PLN 6,955 million, and overall losses would be higher or lower depending on the final decision of 
the court in this regard. On 30 June 2024, the outstanding gross balance of the loan agreements under 
individual court cases and class action against the Bank (including the former Euro Bank portfolio) was 
PLN 6,000 million, of which the outstanding amount of the loan agreements under the class action 
proceeding was 621 million PLN. If all of the Bank's loan agreements which are currently under 
individual and class action court proceedings would be declared invalid, the pre-tax cost could reach PLN 
7,145 million. 
In 2023, the Bank created PLN 2,828.1 million provisions for its own portfolio of loans and PLN 237.3 
million for the loans originated by Euro Bank. On 31 December 2023 the balance sheet value of the 
provisions for the Bank's own portfolio of loans was PLN 7,268.8 million, and for the portfolio originated 
by Euro Bank it was PLN 603 million. In the six months period ended 30 June 2024, the Bank created

--- Page 163 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
PLN 1,025.3 million provisions for its own portfolio of loans and PLN 98.3 million for the loans 
originated by Euro Bank. On 30 June 2024 the balance sheet value of the provisions for the Bank's own 
portfolio of loans was PLN 7,534.2 million, and for the portfolio originated by Euro Bank it was PLN 
672.4 million. Taking into consideration the recent negative evolution of the court verdicts regarding 
foreign currency mortgage loans, and if such trend continues, the Bank will have to regularly review and 
may need to continue to increase the balance of provisions allocated to court litigations.  
The Bank took into account the following parameters when developing the methodology for calculating 
the provisions for legal risk associated with the foreign currency mortgage loans: 
• 
the number of pending court cases, including class actions, and potential lawsuits that may be 
brought against the Bank in the next three years; 
• 
the loss that the Bank will suffer if a court judgment is not favourable for the Bank; 
• 
the probability of the court issuing a particular judgment in an individual case, assessed on the 
basis of statistical data on the court proceedings collected by the Bank and legal advice provided 
to the Bank; and 
• 
estimates concerning the results of amicable settlements with borrowers. 
The legal risks relating to the former Euro Bank portfolio are fully covered by an indemnity pursuant to 
the indemnity agreement with Société Générale entered into in connection with the sale of Euro Bank to 
the Bank. 
The table below describes how the change of each parameter on which the methodology is based would 
affect the value of the Bank's estimated loss associated with mortgage loans denominated in foreign 
currencies: 
 
Parameter 
Scenario 
Impact on loss 
Change in the number of lawsuits 
Additional 1,000 clients file a lawsuit against the 
Bank 
PLN 164 million 
Change in estimated losses for 
each variant of the judgment 
Increase in losses for each variant of the judgment by 
1 p.p. 
PLN 77 million 
Change in probability of success in 
negotiations with the client 
Change of probability by 1 p.p. 
PLN 14 million 
The Bank is open to negotiate, on a case by case basis, favourable conditions for early repayment or 
conversion of FX Mortgage Loans to PLN. As a result of these negotiations, the number of active foreign 
currency mortgage loans originated by the Bank decreased by 8,450 in 2021, 7,943 in 2022, 3,671 in 
2023 and 2,111 in the first half of 2024. As of the end of the first half of 2024, the Bank had 28,759 active 
FX Mortgage Loans. Cost incurred in conjunction with these negotiations were PLN 364.6 million in 
2021, PLN 515.2 million in 2022, PLN 415.7 million in 2023 and PLN 349.4 million in the first half of 
2024. 
The Group's profitability is already being and may still be materially affected by the need to continue to 
register provisions for legal risk, which have in the past and may continue to trigger losses that could have 
a negative impact on the capital and other regulatory ratios of the Group. 
On 8 December 2020, the Chairman of the KNF proposed a solution to the Polish banking sector to 
address the sector risks related to the FX Mortgage Loans. The solution would consist in offering banks' 
clients a voluntary possibility of concluding arrangements based on which a client would settle an FX 
Mortgage Loan as if it was a PLN loan bearing interest at an appropriate WIBOR rate increased by the 
margin historically employed for such loans. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank has not 
taken any decision regarding the implementation of this solution and offering it widely to its clients, but 
cannot exclude implementing it in the future and is already applying parts of this solution in negotiations 
with particular clients. The decision to implement this solution could necessitate creating additional 
provisions for the losses resulting from the conversion of FX Mortgage Loans. 
The CJEU and the Polish Supreme Court issued a number of rulings concerning various legal issues 
related to the FX Mortgage Loans. For a detailed description of these rulings please see Note 13.1 "Court 
claims and current provisions on legal risk" to the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements. Due to

--- Page 164 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
position taken by the CJEU in various judgments concerning the FX Mortgage Loans, which are 
generally favourable to the borrowers, the Bank is of the view that it is unlikely that solution proposed by 
the Chairman of the KNF would be implemented and that the borrowers may be more willing to engage 
in a court dispute with the Bank rather than to enter into a voluntary arrangement with the Bank as 
described above. 
Management and Employees 
Management and Supervisory Bodies 
In accordance with the Commercial Companies Code and the Banking Law, the Bank is managed by its 
Management Board and overseen by its Supervisory Board. The information provided below relating to 
the organisation, competencies and activities of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board has 
been prepared based on the provisions of the Commercial Companies Code, the Banking Law and the 
Bank's statutes. 
The business address of all members of the Bank's Management Board and of all members of the Bank's 
Supervisory Board is ul. Stanisława Żaryna 2A, 02-593 Warsaw, Poland.  
To the best of the Bank's knowledge, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the 
members of the Management Board or the Supervisory Board with respect to the Bank and their private 
interests or other duties. 
Management Board 
The Management Board is the Bank's governing body. 
The Management Board comprises at least three members appointed by the Supervisory Board for a joint 
term of office of three years. The Management Board is headed by the Chairperson. Two Management 
Board members, the Chairperson and the member of the Management Board supervising significant risk 
management in the Bank's operations are appointed with the consent of the KNF. 
The Chairperson has the casting vote at Management Board meetings at which there is an even number of 
votes cast in favour of and against a Management Board resolution. 
The Management Board is responsible for running the Bank's operations, representing the Bank 
externally and executing all powers concerning the Bank's operations which are not vested in other 
corporate bodies. 
The members of the Management Board are set out below: 
 
Name 
Position 
Joao Bras Jorge 
Chairperson of the Management Board 
Fernando Bicho 
Deputy Chairperson of the Management Board 
Wojciech Haase 
Member of the Management Board 
Andrzej Gliński 
Member of the Management Board 
Wojciech Rybak 
Member of the Management Board 
António Pinto Júnior 
Member of the Management Board 
Jarosław Hermann 
Member of the Management Board 
Joao Bras Jorge 
Joao Bras Jorge is a graduate of Management Studies at Universidade Católica Portuguesa and PADE 
Advance Management Programme under AESE. He started his professional career as a stockbroker in 
1990 and spent the next ten years in investment banking. He also sat on the Board of the Lisbon Stock 
Exchange. Before his move to Poland he was the Head of the Retail Banking Customer Division and the 
Co-ordinator of the Retail Network at Millennium BCP. He has been a member of the Bank's 
Management Board since 2006 and in 2013 became the Chairperson of the Management Board. 
Joao Bras Jorge is responsible for the work of the Management Board, internal audit, compliance, legal 
support, HR, marketing communication, public relations, personal data protection and sustainability.

--- Page 165 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
Fernando Bicho 
Fernando Maria Cardoso Rodrigues Bicho graduated from the Economic Department at Universidade 
Católica Portuguesa in 1984. In 1993, he obtained an MBA from Universidade Católica Portuguesa. He 
gained his professional experience inter alia in the Portuguese Foreign Investment Institute, Lloyds Bank 
Plc in Lisbon and União de Banco Portugueses (UBP), later renamed as Banco Mello. He was a fund 
manager and was also in charge of the treasury and capital markets, securities operations, asset and 
liabilities management, issues on international capital markets, capital management and investor relations. 
After Banco Mello's purchase by BCP in 2000, he worked in the BCP Corporate Centre and from June 
2001 he was the head of the Assets and Liabilities Management Division of the BCP Group. He became a 
member of the Bank's Management Board in 2002, and in 2012 he became the Deputy Chairperson of the 
Bank's Management Board. 
Fernando Bicho supervises treasury, accounting, financial reporting and control, taxes, capital 
investments, relations with investors and financial institutions, management information and central 
acquisition, as well as coordination of Group entities (other than leasing, brokerage, investment funds and 
start-ups). 
Wojciech Haase 
Wojciech Haase is a graduate of the Faculty of Production Economics at Gdańsk University. He worked 
at the NBP where he was a member of the group establishing BG. From 1989 to 1997 he worked at BG, 
first in the Credit Department and then in the Treasury Department. From 1993 he was a Deputy 
Chairperson of the Management Board of BG and then the acting Chairperson of the Management Board 
of BG. Since 1997 he has been a member of the Bank's Management Board. 
Since 4 December 2015 Wojciech Haase is the Bank's material risk management supervisor. Moreover, 
he supervises risk management, risk models, credit and ratings processes, liabilities collection and 
treasury control. 
Andrzej Gliński 
Andrzej Gliński graduated from the Poznań University of Technology and completed post-graduate 
studies in banking and finance at the Warsaw School of Economics. He started his career in banking at 
Bank Handlowy w Warszawie S.A. He joined the Group in 2004 as the Chairperson of Millennium 
Leasing sp. z o.o. He then became the Head of the Bank's Corporate Banking Area and he has been a 
member of the Bank's Management Board since 2010. 
Andrzej Gliński supervises corporate banking and its support (excluding corporate banking marketing), 
factoring and trade financing, structured finance, custody, as well coordination of the Group entities: 
leasing and brokerage 
Wojciech Rybak 
Wojciech Rybak graduated from the Faculty of Economics at the University of Szczecin and Tempus – 
Portassist Programme at the University of Antwerp. He joined the Group as the head of a branch in 1996. 
In 2003 he became a member of the Management Board of Millennium Leasing sp. z o.o. He has been a 
member of the Bank's Management Board since 2016. 
Wojciech Rybak supervises the retail sales network, its optimisation and support, private banking and 
direct banking. 
António Pinto Júnior 
António Ferreira Pinto Júnior graduated with a degree in Economics from Oporto University and studied 
Corporate Finance at Minho University. He started his professional career in 1990 in Banco Português do 
Atlântico, which became a part of the BCP Group in 1994. He held various positions, including 
managerial positions, in Retail and Corporate Banking, in marketing and sales support areas. From 2002 
to 2011 he worked in the Bank as the Head of Departments of Marketing, Quality, Processes and 
Operations, and from April 2010 he was a Member of the Management Board. From 2010 to 2018 he was 
the Head of the Retail Banking Marketing Department in Millenniumbcp in Portugal, and between July

--- Page 166 ---
- 166 - 
 
 
2016 and May 2018 he was also a non-executive Member of the Management Board of ActivoBank. He 
became a member of the Bank's Management Board in 2018. 
António Ferreira Pinto Júnior supervises electronic banking, sales campaigns, retail and corporate 
banking marketing, processes support management, administration and infrastructure, complaints and 
quality of services, coordination of Group entities from the area of investment funds and start-ups. 
Jarosław Hermann 
Jarosław Hermann is a graduate of the Applied Mathematics and Physics Faculty at the Warsaw 
University of Technology and the Carlson School of Management MBA programme in 2002. During his 
professional career he held various managerial positions in the IT & Operations areas. From 2005 to 2010 
he was a member of the management board of First Data Poland, responsible for providing IT and 
operational services for card acquiring and financial solutions business lines. From 2010 to 2016 he was a 
member of the management boards of AXA companies in Poland, responsible for IT & Operations. From 
2016 to 2018 he was vice-president of the management board of Polskie ePłatności, an emerging card 
acquirer. He has been a member of the Bank's Management Board since 2018. 
Jarosław Hermann supervises IT, products operations, settlement and cash management, evidencing, 
control and settlement of treasury transactions, security and business continuity. 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board exercises regular supervision over the Bank's and the Group's operations. 
The Supervisory Board consists of at least five members elected by the General Meeting for a joint term 
of office of three years. At least two members of the Supervisory Board must be independent members. 
At least half of the members of the Supervisory Board, including the Chairperson, must be Polish citizens. 
The responsibilities of the Supervisory Board include: 
 
• 
reviewing the Group's annual financial statements; 
• 
approving the long-term development plans prepared by the Management Board; 
• 
appointing, suspending and dismissing members of the Management Board; 
• 
delegating members of the Supervisory Board for temporary positions on the Management 
Board; and 
• 
concluding, amending and terminating agreements with members of the Management Board. 
The Supervisory Board should meet at least once each calendar quarter. For resolutions passed at 
Supervisory Board meetings to be valid, at least half of the members must be present at the meeting and 
all members must be invited. Passing a Supervisory Board resolution requires a majority of votes and if 
there is an even number of votes, the Chairperson has the casting vote. 
The Supervisory Board may appoint committees. The members of the committees carry out particular 
supervisory activities. The exact scope of responsibilities of a committee is set out in the resolution of the 
Supervisory Board appointing the committee or in the committee's by-laws. 
The table below sets out information on the members of the Supervisory Board. 
 
Name 
Position 
Bogusław Kott 
Chairperson of the Supervisory Board 
Nuno Manuel da Silva Amado 
Deputy Chairperson of the Supervisory Board 
Dariusz Rosati 
Deputy Chairperson and Secretary of the Supervisory Board 
Miguel de Campos Pereira de Bragança 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Olga Grygier-Siddons 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Anna Jakubowski 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Grzegorz Jędrys 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Alojzy Nowak 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
José Miguel Bensliman Schorcht da Silva Pessanha 
Member of the Supervisory Board

--- Page 167 ---
- 167 - 
 
 
Miguel Maya Dias Pinheiro 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Beata Stelmach 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Lingjiang Xu 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Bogusław Kott 
Bogusław Kott graduated from the Foreign Trade Faculty at the Warsaw School of Economics. For many 
years he worked at the Ministry of Finance, specialising in foreign trade financing. He is one of the 
founders of BIG and, from 1989 to 2013 he was the Chairperson of the Management Board first of BIG 
and, later, the Bank. He has been the Chairperson of the Bank's Supervisory Board since 2013. He has 
been a Member of the Polish Business Roundtable since 1994 and became its Honorary Member in 2020. 
He joined the Board of Trustees of Kozminski University in Warsaw in 2018. 
Nuno Manuel da Silva Amado 
Nuno Manuel da Silva Amado has a Business Degree from Instituto Superior de Ciencias do Trabalho e 
da Empresa. He also attended the Advanced Management Programme at INSEAD. He has held various 
positions in audit firms and banks in Portugal. From 2012 to 2018 he was Vice-Chairperson of the Board 
of Directors and CEO of BCP. Since 2018 he has been the Chairperson of the Board of Directors of BCP. 
He has been a Deputy Chairperson of the Bank's Supervisory Board since 2012. 
Dariusz Rosati 
Dariusz Rosati holds a degree in International Trade from the Warsaw School of Economics). He is a 
Professor Emeritus of Economic Sciences at the Institute of International Economic Policy at the Warsaw 
School of Economics. He held various positions in the Polish public administration and also acted as a 
consultant for various international organisations. He has also been a member of the Polish parliament 
and the European Parliament. He became a member of the Bank's Supervisory Board in 2004. 
Miguel de Campos Pereira de Bragança 
Miguel de Campos Pereira de Bragança holds a Degree in Management and Administration from the 
Catholic University of Portugal and an MBA from INSEAD. Since 1989 he has worked at banks in 
Portugal, Brazil and Great Britain. Since 2012 he has been a Member of the Board of Directors and Vice-
Chairman of the Executive Committee of BCP. Since 2018 he has held positions as non-executive 
Director of SIBS, SGPS, SA and of SIBS Forward Payment Solutions, SA and non-executive Director of 
the Board of Directors of UNICRE- Instituição Financeira de Crédito, SA, as representative of Banco 
Comercial Português, SA. He became a member of the Bank's Supervisory Board in 2012. 
Olga Grygier-Siddons 
Olga Grygier-Siddons graduated from the University of Manchester, in Computer Science and 
Accounting. She is also a Fellow Chartered Accountant, registered with the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of England and Wales. She has pursued her professional career in the advisory sector and 
held various positions at PwC. Currently, she serves as a strategic advisor and mentor and until today she 
performs the following functions: Member of the Council of the Silesian University, Member of the 
Belvedere Forum Steering Committee; Member of the Emerging Europe Steering Committee; founder 
and CEO of the Experiential Learning Hub - Villa Poranek. Since 2021 she has been an independent 
member of the Bank's Supervisory Board. 
Anna Jakubowski 
Anna Jakubowski graduated with a Bachelor of Business Administration from Wilfrid Laurier University 
in Canada. During her professional career she has held management positions at Procter & Gamble, Coca-
Cola, Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits and Avon Cosmetics. Currently she is the Managing Director of Life 
Institute sp. z o.o. sp. k., in which she is an investor. She has also been involved with a number of trade 
bodies and associations. She joined the Bank's Supervisory Board in 2015 and is an independent member 
of the Bank's Supervisory Board.

--- Page 168 ---
- 168 - 
 
 
Grzegorz Jędrys 
Grzegorz Jędrys graduated from the Production Economics Faculty of the Warsaw School of Economics 
and from a post-graduate course at the Warsaw School of Economics in Strategic Marketing 
Management. He has held managerial positions at investment funds and other financial institutions. Since 
2005 he has been the Head of Poland's Representative Office of the Polish American Freedom 
Foundation. Since 2013 he has been a member of the Bank's Supervisory Board and is an independent 
member of the Bank's Supervisory Board. Since 9 July 2020, acting as a Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Millennium Bank Hipoteczny S.A. 
Alojzy Nowak 
Alojzy Nowak is the professor of economics and the Rector of the Warsaw University. He is an author of 
more than 300 publications and a lecturer at a number of universities in Poland and abroad. He is also a 
member of various advisory bodies, including the National Development Council established by the 
President of Poland. He joined the Bank's Supervisory Board in 2018 and is an independent member of 
the Bank's Supervisory Board. 
José Miguel Bensliman Schorcht da Silva Pessanha 
José Miguel Bensliman Schorcht da Silva Pessanha holds a Master's Degree in Economics from 
Université Catholique de Louvain and a Master's Degree in Operational Investigation (academic portion) 
from Instituto Superior Técnico and has a Licentiate Degree in Economics from Universidade Católica 
Portuguesa. He has held various positions in the Portuguese financial sector since 1982 and joined the 
BCP Group in 1998. Currently he is a Member of the Board of Directors and of the Executive Committee 
of Banco Comercial Português, S.A., Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Audit 
Board of Millennium bcp Ageas Grupo Segurador, SGPS, S.A., Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors 
and Chairman of the Audit Board of Ocidental - Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros de Vida, S.A. and 
Vice- Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Ageas – Sociedade 
Gestora de Fundos de Pensões, S.A. (formerly Ocidental – Sociedade Gestora de Fundos de Pensões, 
S.A.), a Member of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Audit Committee of BIM – Banco 
Internacional de Moçambique, S.A., and Member of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Audit 
Committee of Banco Millennium Atlântico, S.A. He has been a member of the Bank's Supervisory Board 
since 2018. 
Miguel Maya Dias Pinheiro 
Miguel Maya Dias Pinheiro graduated from Instituto Superior das Ciências do Trabalho e da Empresa 
(ISCTE) with a licentiate degree in Business Organisation and Management, having also completed the 
Senior Management Programme (PADE) – AESE, the Advanced Management Programme – INSEAD 
and the Corporate Governance Programme - AESE. He joined the BCP Group in 1996 and has held 
senior management positions at various companies within the BCP Group. Currently he holds the 
following positions in BCP's Group governing bodies: Chief Executive Officer and Vice-Chairman of the 
Board of Directors of BCP, Chairman of the Board of Directors of ActivoBank, S.A., Manager of BCP 
Africa, SGPS, Lda. and Member of the Board of Directors of Banco Internacional de Moçambique, S.A. 
He joined the Bank's Supervisory Board in 2015. 
Beata Stelmach 
Beata Stelmach is a graduate of the Finance and Statistics Faculty at the Warsaw School of Economics. 
She also holds an MBA from Calgary University and INSEAD. She has held managerial positions in 
various Polish financial institutions as well as Prokom Software S.A., General Electrics and PZL Świdnik 
S.A. From 2011 to 2013 she was Undersecretary of State at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, responsible 
for global economic policy as well as public and cultural diplomacy. Since 2021 she has been a member 
of the Bank's Supervisory Board and is an independent member of the Bank's Supervisory Board. 
Lingjiang Xu 
Lingjiang Xu has a Bachelor's Degree in German from the Foreign Studies University of Beijing, a 
Master's Degree in World Economics from the Nan Kai University, Tianjin and a Master's Degree in 
Finance from the London Business School. He has held various positions in the Chinese public 
administration and diplomatic service. In 2011 he moved to the financial sector. Currently he is non-

--- Page 169 ---
- 169 - 
 
 
executive Member of the Board of Directors, Member of the Committee for Nominations and 
Remunerations and Chairman of the Committee for Corporate Governance, Ethidescrics and Professional 
Conduct of Banco Comercial Português, S.A., non-executive Member of the Board of Directors of 
Fidelidade - Companhia de Seguros, S.A., Chairman of the Board of Directors of Longrun Portugal, 
SGPA, S.A. and since November 2019 Member of the Board of Directors of Luz Saude, S.A. In 2018 he 
became a member of the Bank's Supervisory Board. 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2023, the Group had 6,747 employees (full time equivalent) as compared with 6,860 
employees (full time equivalent) as at 31 December 2022. In addition to salaries, the Group's employees 
are entitled to a range of benefits, including life, health and medical insurance, and bonuses relating to 
meeting individual objectives.

--- Page 170 ---
- 170 - 
 
 
MARKET AND LEGAL ENVIRONMENT 
Market 
The information presented in this section has been extracted from publicly available sources and 
documents. The source of external information is always given if such information is used in this section. 
While reviewing, searching for and processing macroeconomic, market, industry or other data from 
external sources such as the KNF or government publications, none of it has been independently verified 
by the Group or the Dealers or any of their affiliates or the Group's advisers in connection with the 
Programme. 
The Bank does not intend to and does not warrant to update the data concerning the market or the 
industry as presented in this section, subject to the duties resulting from generally binding regulations. 
The Polish economy  
The outbreak of the war in Ukraine has significantly affected the Polish economy in 2022 and 2023. The 
economic sanctions imposed on Russia and Belarus as well as severe disruptions to the commodities' 
supply chains triggered a rapid increase in inflation and economic slowdown. In the second half of 2023, 
the Polish economy started recovering. The Polish gross domestic product grew by 0.2 per cent in 2023 
and by 2.0 per cent. in the first quarter of 2024. Unemployment remains low and the registered 
unemployment rate was 4.9 per cent as at 30 June 2024. In 2023 and the first half of 2024 the pace of 
inflation slowed down. The consumer price inflation decreased from its peak of 18.4 per cent. in February 
2023 to 4.3 per cent. in August 2024.  
The demand for loans increased markedly in the second half of 2023. The growth of demand for housing 
loans was particularly significant and was supported by government subsidies to housing loans. 
Expiration of the government's subsidies to housing loans translated into slower growth of loans to 
households in the beginning of 2024. 
The Bank expects the Polish economy to continue its recovery and estimates that the gross domestic 
product will grow by 3.1 per cent. in 2024 and by 3.9 per cent. in 2025. Private consumption should be 
one of the main factors contributing to the economic growth. On the other hand, investments in fixed 
assets will slow down in 2024. The Bank expects investments to increase in 2025 because of the 
increased utilisation of EU funds. In the Bank's view there is limited space for decreasing the reference 
rates in Poland. 
Development of the Polish banking sector 
Between 1989 and 1991, a two-tiered banking sector was established, separating the central bank from the 
rest of the banking sector. Nine regional commercial banks were created out of the NBP's commercial and 
retail banking operations. The NBP branch network and the respective commercial loan portfolios of its 
branches were divided among the newly-established banks to give each new bank a regional base. All of 
these regional banks were transformed into joint stock companies in October 1991 and were subsequently 
privatised between 1993 and 2001. Since 1991, Polish banking law has allowed the licensing of new 
private banks in Poland and opened the Polish banking market to foreign investors. As a result, there has 
been a rapid expansion in the number of banks due to foreign banking groups entering the market. 
According to the KNF, as at 31 May 2024, there were 29 commercial banks in Poland, 33 branches of 
credit institutions and 491 co-operative banks. 
The level of competition in the Polish banking sector is relatively high due to its low level of 
concentration. According to KNF data as at 31 May 2024, the market share in total banking assets of the 
top five banks stood at 59.1 per cent. (compared with 58.5 per cent. as at the end of December 2023). 
Other factors having an impact on competition include the consolidation of the Polish banking sector. For 
example, in 2013, Santander Bank Polska S.A. and Kredyt Bank S.A. merged, Getin Noble Bank S.A. 
acquired Dexia Kommunalkredit Bank Polska S.A. and the retail operations of DnB Nord Polska S.A.; in 
2014, Nordea Bank Polska S.A. merged with PKO Bank Polski S.A., Santander Bank Polska S.A. took 
over control of Santander Consumer Bank S.A.; in 2015, Bank BGŻ S.A. merged with BNP Paribas S.A. 
and Alior Bank S.A. acquired Meritum Bank ICB S.A.; and, in 2016, Bank BGŻ BNP Paribas S.A.

--- Page 171 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
merged with Sygma Bank Polska S.A., and Alior Bank S.A. merged with the core business of Bank BPH 
S.A. In December 2017, Deutsche Bank sold its Polish retail operations to Santander Bank Polska S.A. 
On 10 April 2018, Raiffeisen Bank International AG agreed to sell the core banking operations of 
Raiffeisen Bank Polska S.A. by way of demerger to Bank BGŻ BNP Paribas S.A. In 2019, the Bank 
acquired Euro Bank. In January 2021, Bank Pekao S.A. took over a part of Idea Bank, which had been 
subject to resolution procedure. In April 2021, Citi announced its intention to sell its retail banking 
operations in Poland. In October 2022, the BGF commenced resolution procedure concerning Getin 
Noble Bank S.A. The operations of Getin Noble Bank S.A. were transferred to a new bank, VeloBank 
S.A. In 2024, Cerberus, a private equity fund, together with International Finance Corporation and 
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, acquired VeloBank S.A. 
The Polish banking sector is expected to continue to experience consolidation in the medium term. A 
number of smaller market players generate relatively low revenues, which will be subject to rising 
pressure. This may force further consolidation if profitability is eroded. Given the pressure on the revenue 
side (low interest rates, regulatory measures) and additional burdens (Polish banking tax, higher capital 
requirements), some banks are expected to strive to increase their scale of operations to achieve a 
satisfactory return on equity. 
According to the KNF, as at 31 May 2024 41.7 per cent. of the total assets of the Polish banking sector 
belonged to foreign-owned banking groups, compared with 47.5 per cent. at the end of 2022. 
Alternative distribution channels, in particular internet banking and mobile banking, have been increasing 
in importance in Poland. Moreover, new products, such as markets for financial advisory services, wealth 
management, insurance products and various investment funds in Poland, have seen significant growth 
and are likely to be a significant driver for profitability in the future. 
Legal environment 
Specific Requirement for the Banks 
Engaging in banking activities involves meeting multiple regulatory obligations, most of which follow 
directly from the provisions of the Banking Law, and from resolutions, ordinances and recommendations 
made by the KNF. The most important obligations concern the Bank's own funds and eligible liabilities, 
the capital adequacy ratio, the solvency ratio, exposure concentration, risk management systems and 
financial management conducted by the Bank. 
Banks have a duty to protect banking secrecy. Regulations on personal data protection are particularly 
important for the functioning of banks in order to protect individual customers. Personal data may be 
processed exclusively in compliance with detailed regulations, using technical and organisational 
resources which ensure the protection of personal data against unauthorised processing, including making 
it available to third parties. 
The Bank must also comply with regulations for preventing the financial system from being used for the 
purpose of money laundering and terrorist financing. 
Certain restrictions also apply if banks retain any third parties for the performance of banking activities 
for and on behalf of the bank, or for the performance of any banking-related operations. 
Banking Supervision Exercised by the KNF 
In Poland, banking supervision is currently exercised by the KNF and covers, in particular: 
• 
assessing the financial position of banks, including analysing liquidity, the quality of assets, 
solvency and the financial results of banks; 
• 
estimating, maintaining and reviewing internal capital; 
• 
auditing the quality of risk management systems, and in particular the risk management system 
and internal control system; 
• 
auditing the compliance of banks' activities with the appropriate regulations; and

--- Page 172 ---
- 172 - 
 
 
• 
monitoring and controlling banks' compliance with exposure concentration limits and standards 
for acceptable risk in their operations as determined by the KNF. 
The KNF has wide powers and legal instruments that enable it to supervise banks (including the ability to 
carry out inspections). 
Other Supervisory Authorities 
Some areas of banking operations are subject to the supervision of other public administration authorities, 
the most important of which are: 
• 
the Office of Competition and Customer Protection, regarding protecting market competition 
and consumers' collective rights; 
• 
the Financial Ombudsman, regarding protecting consumers' rights raised in a complaint handling 
process; 
• 
the Head of the Data Protection Office, regarding collecting, processing, managing and 
protecting personal data; and 
• 
the minister responsible for financial institutions and the General Inspector for Financial 
Information regarding the prevention of money laundering and the financing of terrorism. 
Bank Guarantee Fund 
The BGF guarantee covers the monetary assets deposited in bank accounts or receivables regarding 
claims confirmed by documents issued by banks with a guarantee system. Participation in the guarantee 
system is mandatory for all Polish banks and in certain instances for branches of foreign banks operating 
in Poland. Banks covered by the guarantee system make mandatory annual payments to the BGF and are 
obliged to set up a guaranteed funds protection fund. The mandatory guarantee system ensures that if a 
bank becomes insolvent, the funds deposited in bank accounts, up to an amount specified in the 
regulations, are returned. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, funds up to an amount equivalent to EUR 
100,000 per single person regarding deposits in all accounts at a given bank are fully covered by the 
guarantee system. Funds deposited, in particular, by government administration authorities, other banks, 
credit institutions, insurance companies and investment and pension funds are not covered by the 
guarantee system. 
Additionally, the BGF is the Polish resolution authority. Under the BRRD and the Act on the Bank 
Guarantee Fund, the BGF is authorised to commence resolution proceedings with respect to banks 
operating in Poland. The BGF has at its disposal a wide range of legal instruments during resolution 
proceedings, including the power to write down debt instruments issued by a bank or to convert them into 
shares of the bank. 
Institutional Protection Scheme for Commercial Banks 
On 10 June 2022, the KNF approved the agreement and recognised the institutional protection scheme 
created in accordance with Article 130c of the Banking Law by eight Polish commercial banks (the Bank, 
Alior Bank S.A., BNP Paribas Bank Polska S.A., ING Bank Śląski S.A., mBank S.A., Powszechna Kasa 
Oszczędności Bank Polski S.A., Bank Polska Kasa Opieki S.A. and Santander Bank Polska S.A.). The 
above-mentioned banks signed the protection scheme agreement and established the managing entity 
operating in the form of a joint stock company, System Ochrony Banków Komercyjnych S.A. ("SOBK"). 
The protection scheme can be joined by other local banks provided they satisfy the terms and conditions 
set out in general law and in the protection scheme agreement. As part of the system, an aid fund has been 
established to which the participating banks provided cash contributions. Further contributions to the aid 
fund will require a unanimous resolution of the general meeting of shareholders of the SOBK. The aid 
fund may be used to ensure liquidity and solvency the participants of the scheme, support resolution of a 
bank conducted by the BGF and the takeover of a bank being a joint-stock company pursuant to Art. 146b 
paragraph 1 of the Banking Law. On 30 September 2022, the SOBK provided financial support for the 
resolution process concerning Getin Noble Bank S.A.

--- Page 173 ---
- 173 - 
 
 
Consumer Protection 
The Consumer Credit Act dated 12 May 2011 (as amended), the Polish Civil Code regulations and other 
consumer protection laws impose on banks several obligations relating to agreements signed with 
individuals who perform actions which are not directly related to their business or professional activities 
(consumers). The most important of these are the requirements to inform consumers about the cost of 
extended credit and loans and to include specified terms in consumer loan agreements as well as a 
prohibition on including specific clauses which are unfavourable to consumers in agreements. If a 
consumer loan agreement does not meet certain requirements of the Consumer Credit Act, the borrower is 
authorised under the law to repay the loan in the principal amount with interest accrued until the 
prepayment date. In some circumstances, the borrower may be authorised to repay only the principal 
amount, without interest, fees or any other amounts due to the bank under the loan agreement. 
There is a cap on the maximum interest rates a bank may charge under a loan agreement. The maximum 
interest rate is capped at two times the sum of the applicable reference rate of the NBP and 3.5 per cent. 
Personal Data Protection 
In light of the large number of individuals serviced by banks, all the regulations concerning personal data 
protection are of the utmost importance to banking operations. Personal data may be processed 
exclusively in compliance with specific regulations, while applying technical and organisational means 
that ensure the protection of personal data, particularly from disclosure to any unauthorised parties. 
Additionally, the persons to whom such data relates should have the right to access all of their personal 
data and to correct it. 
The GDPR entered into force on 25 May 2018. It imposes new obligations and guidelines on companies 
in the management and processing of personal data. This means a significant change for companies in 
their approach to the security of data storage and the issue of making it available to the relevant 
employees. 
The key consequences resulting from the GDPR's implementation are as follows: 
• 
broad definition of personal data, including identifying the person to whom the data relates; 
• 
automated processing of personal data is permitted under certain conditions; 
• 
the legal rights of individuals are increased considerably; 
• 
personal data processors, controllers and data protection officers have many new obligations 
relating to the technical and organisational protection of personal data; and 
• 
administrative fines for non-compliance with the Regulation could reach EUR 20 million or 4 
per cent. of an organisation's annual worldwide turnover. Moreover, individuals have the right to 
judicial redress and to claim compensation in excess of the statutory fines.

--- Page 174 ---
- 174 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the 
Issuer's country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from 
the Notes. 
REPUBLIC OF POLAND 
The following is a discussion of certain Polish tax considerations relevant to an investor resident in 
Poland or which is otherwise subject to Polish taxation. This statement should not be deemed to be tax 
advice. It is based on Polish tax laws and, as their interpretation refers to the position as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, it may thus be subject to change, including a change with retroactive effect. Any 
change may negatively affect the tax treatment, as described below. This description does not purport to 
be complete with respect to all tax information that may be relevant to investors due to their individual 
circumstances. Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their professional tax advisor 
regarding the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposal, redemption or transfer without 
consideration of Notes. 
The reference to "interest" as well as to any other terms in the paragraphs below means "interest" or any 
other term, respectively, as understood in Polish tax law. 
For the purposes of this section 
"Affiliated Entities" shall mean: 
(a) 
entities of which one entity Exercises a Significant Influence on at least one other entity; 
(b) 
entities on which a Significant Influence is Exercised by: 
 
the same other entity; or  
 
the spouse or a relative by consanguinity or affinity up to the second degree of a natural 
person exercising a significant influence on at least one entity; 
(c) 
a tax transparent partnership and its partners (partner); 
(d) 
a limited partnership or limited joint-stock partnership with their registered office or place of 
management in the territory of Poland and their general partners; 
(e) 
a general partnership subject to corporate income tax with its registered office or place of 
management in the territory of Poland and its partner(s); 
(f) 
a taxable person and their foreign establishment, and in the case of a tax capital group – a 
company being its part and its foreign establishment, 
each of being a manifestation of an existence of an "Affiliation". 
"Exercising a Significant Influence" shall mean: 
(a) 
holding directly or indirectly at least 25 per cent. of: 
 
shares in the capital; 
 
voting rights in the supervisory, decision-making or managing bodies; or 
 
shares (or rights to participate in) profits, losses or property (or their expectations), 
including participation units and investment certificates; 
(b) 
the actual ability of a natural person to influence key economic decisions taken by a legal person 
or an organisational unit without legal personality, or 
(c) 
being the spouse or a relative by consanguinity or by affinity up to the second degree.

--- Page 175 ---
- 175 - 
 
 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident individual 
Under Art. 3.1 of the Personal Income Tax Act dated 26 July 1991 (the "PIT Act"), individuals, if 
residing in Poland, are liable for tax on their total income (revenue) irrespective of the location of the 
sources of revenue (unlimited obligation to pay tax). 
Under Art. 3.1a of the PIT Act, a Polish tax resident individual is a natural person who (i) has their centre 
of personal or business interests located in Poland or (ii) stays in Poland for longer than 183 days in a 
year, unless any relevant tax treaty dictates otherwise. 
Income derived by a Polish tax resident individual from financial instruments, such as the Notes, held as 
non-business assets, qualify as capital gains according to Article 17 of the PIT Act. 
Withholding tax on interest and similar income 
Under Art. 30a.1.2 and Art. 30a.1.2a of the PIT Act interest income and income from the Issuer's 
redemption of Notes on which periodic benefits are due is subject to a 19 per cent. flat rate tax. 
According to Art. 30a.7 of the PIT Act, interest income, including discount from Notes and income from 
the issuer's redemption of Notes which periodic benefits are due, derived by a Polish tax resident 
individual does not cumulate with general income subject to the progressive tax rate. 
Under Art. 41.4 of the PIT Act, the interest payer, other than an individual not acting within the scope of 
their business activity, is obliged to collect flat-rate income tax on payments made (benefits) or on the 
money or money equivalents made available to the taxpayer. 
Under Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts for taxpayers, acting as tax 
remitters, should withhold the tax on this interest income if such interest income (revenue) has been 
earned in Poland and is connected with securities registered in said accounts, and the interest payment to 
the individual (the taxpayer) is made through said entities. These rules should also apply to the entities 
indicated in Art. 3.2 of the CIT Act (non-residents) to the extent they conduct their business activity 
through a Polish permanent establishment located within the territory of Poland, if the account on which 
given securities are recorded is connected with the activity of that establishment. Consequently, a foreign 
entity that does not operate through a permanent establishment in Poland, e.g. a foreign broker not acting 
through a Polish permanent establishment, should not be obliged to withhold Polish tax. 
There are no regulations defining in which cases income earned (revenue) by a Polish tax resident should 
be considered income (revenue) earned in Poland. However, we can expect those cases to be analogous to 
those of non-residents. Pursuant to Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act, income (revenues) earned in Poland by non-
residents shall include in particular income (revenues) from: 
(a) 
work performed in Poland based on a service relationship, employment relationship, outwork 
system and co-operative employment relationship irrespective of the place where remuneration 
is paid; 
(b) 
activity performed in person in Poland irrespective of the place where remuneration is paid; 
(c) 
economic activity pursued in Poland, including through a foreign establishment located in 
Poland; 
(d) 
immovable property located in Poland or rights to such property, including from its disposal in 
whole or in part, or from disposal of any rights to such property; 
(e) 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in Poland as part of the 
regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained from the disposal of these securities 
or derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting from them; 
(f) 
redemption, repurchase, buy-out and otherwise annihilation of participation titles in capital funds 
established on the basis of the provisions in force in the Republic of Poland and sale of these 
participation titles for a fee;

--- Page 176 ---
- 176 - 
 
 
(g) 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a partnership 
without legal personality, or participation in an investment fund, a collective investment 
undertaking, or other legal entity and rights of similar character or from receivables being a 
consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations, participation or rights, if at least 50 
per cent. of the value of assets of this company, partnership, investment fund, collective 
investment undertaking or legal entity is constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable 
property located in Poland, or rights to such immovable property; 
(h) 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar rights in a 
real estate company (as defined in the PIT Act); 
(i) 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by natural 
persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having their place of 
residence, registered office, or management board in Poland, irrespective of the place of 
concluding and performing the agreement; and the income (revenue) referred to in this point is 
considered to be the revenue listed in Art. 29.1 of the PIT Act, if they do not constitute income 
(revenue) referred to in points (a)-(g) above; Art. 29.1 of the PIT Act lists, among others, interest 
income other than those mentioned in Art. 30a.1 of the PIT Act (which, in turn, refers to interest 
and discount on securities and income from the issuer's redemption of bonds on which periodic 
benefits are due); and 
(j) 
unrealised gains as referred to in the exit tax regulations. 
The above list is not exhaustive; therefore, the tax authorities may also consider that income (revenues) 
not listed above is sourced in Poland.  
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a Polish tax 
resident individual from the Notes is considered to be income sourced in Poland and whether the entity 
operating the securities account for the individual will withhold the tax. Since the Issuer is a Polish entity, 
as a rule, interest from the Notes should be considered as earned in Poland. 
According to Article 45.3b and Art. 45.1 of the PIT Act, if the tax is not withheld, the individual is 
obliged to settle the tax themselves in their annual tax return. Under Art. 45.1 of the PIT Act, the annual 
tax return should be submitted and the tax should be settled by 30 April of the following year. 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Polish omnibus accounts (within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Act dated 29 July 2005 on Trading in Financial Instruments, the 
"Omnibus Accounts"). Under Art. 41.10 of the PIT Act, insofar as securities registered in Omnibus 
Accounts are concerned, the entities liable to withhold the flat-rate income tax on interest income are the 
entities operating Omnibus Accounts through which the amounts due are paid. The tax is charged on the 
day of placing the amounts due at the disposal of the Omnibus Account holder. This rule also applies to 
remitters who are payers of corporate income tax and are subject to limited tax liability in Poland, to the 
extent they conduct their business through a foreign establishment and it is to that establishment's 
operations that the securities account is linked. 
Additionally, under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest transferred 
to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities (including the Notes referred to herein) registered in 
Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on 
Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter (under Art. 
41.10 of the PIT Act the entity operating the Omnibus Account) from the aggregate income (revenue) 
released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. These rules should 
also apply to the entities indicated in Art. 3.2. of the CIT Act to the extent that they conduct business 
activity through a foreign establishment located within the territory of Poland, if the account on which 
given securities are recorded is connected with the activity of that establishment. Consequently, foreign 
entities that do not operate through a Polish permanent establishment, e.g. foreign investment firms not 
acting through Polish permanent establishments, should not be obliged to withhold the tax. 
Under Art. 45.3c of the PIT Act, taxpayers are obliged to disclose the amount of interest (discount) on 
securities (including the Notes referred to herein) in the annual tax return if the Notes were registered in 
Omnibus Account and the taxpayer's identity was not revealed to the tax remitter.

--- Page 177 ---
- 177 - 
 
 
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which have 
not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher than 
19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be deducted from the Polish tax liability. Double tax treaties 
can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
Income other than interest  
Based on Art. 30b.1 of the PIT Act, income other than interest earned from financial instruments, such as 
the Notes, does not cumulate with the general income subject to the progressive tax scale but is subject to 
a 19 per cent. flat rate tax. Under Art. 30b.2. of the PIT Act the income from disposal of securities is 
calculated as the difference between the sum of revenues from a transfer of securities against a 
consideration and tax deductible costs, calculated on the basis of the relevant provisions of the PIT Act. 
Based on Art. 17.2 and Art. 19.1 of the PIT Act, if the price expressed in the contract without a valid 
reason significantly deviates from the market value, the amount of income is determined by the tax 
authority or fiscal control authority in the amount of the market value. 
The taxpayer itself is obliged to settle the tax on the transfer of securities (including the Notes) against a 
consideration. Taxpayers should prepare their annual tax return by the end of April of the year following 
the tax year in which the income was earned. No tax or tax advances are withheld by the person making 
the payments.  
Furthermore, capital gains are subject to a 4 per cent. solidarity levy calculated on the surplus of various 
incomes above PLN 1 million in total. The levy must be calculated and settled by the individuals 
themselves.  
Notes held as business assets 
In principle, if an individual holds the Notes as a business asset, in accordance with art. 30b.4 of the PIT 
Act the income should be taxed the same way as other business income. This will either be tax, at 19 per 
cent. flat rate or the 12 - 32 per cent. progressive tax rate, depending on the individual's choice and 
meeting of certain conditions by the taxpayer and should be settled by the individual. 
Furthermore, business income is subject to a 4 per cent. solidarity levy calculated on the surplus of 
various incomes above PLN 1 million in total. The levy must be calculated and settled by the individuals 
themselves. 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer 
Under Art. 3.1 of the Corporate Income Tax Act dated 15 February 1992 (the "CIT Act") the entire 
income of taxpayers who have their registered office or management in Poland is subject to tax obligation 
in Poland, irrespective of where the income is earned. 
According to Art. 3.1a of the CIT Act, a taxpayer has a place of management in the territory of the 
Republic of Poland, inter alia, when the current affairs of this taxpayer are conducted in an organized and 
continuous manner on the territory of the Republic of Poland, based in particular on: (i) an agreement, 
decision, court ruling or other act regulating the establishment or functioning of the taxpayer; or (ii) 
powers of attorney; or (iii) Affiliations. 
Income (revenue) from the Notes, both on account of interest/discount and other income, including 
transfer of securities against a consideration, earned by a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer 
whose entire income is subject to tax liability in Poland, is subject to income tax following the same 
general principles as those which apply to any other income received from business activity within the 
same source of income. In principle, the income (revenue) from the Notes, including their transfer against 
a consideration, should be regarded as revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b.1 of the CIT Act). In the case 
of insurers, banks and some other entities (financial institutions), this revenue is included in revenues 
other than revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b.2 of the CIT Act). 
As a rule, for Polish income tax purposes, interest is recognised as revenue on a cash basis, i.e. when it is 
received and not when it has accrued. Revenue from a transfer of securities against a consideration is in 
principle their value expressed in the price specified in the contract. According to Art. 14 of the CIT Act, 
if the price expressed in the contract, without a valid reason, significantly deviates from the market value, 
the revenue amount is determined by the tax authority in the amount of the market value. In the case of

--- Page 178 ---
- 178 - 
 
 
income from the transfer of securities against a consideration, tax deductible costs are generally 
recognised when the corresponding revenue has been achieved. The taxpayer itself (without the remitter's 
participation) settles income tax on interest/discount and on the transfer of securities against a 
consideration, which is settled along with other income from the taxpayer's business activity within the 
same source of income. 
Under Art. 19 of the CIT Act, the appropriate tax rate is 19 per cent. for a regular corporate income 
taxpayer or 9 per cent. for small taxpayers with revenues not exceeding EUR 2 million in a tax year (with 
certain exceptions listed in Art. 19.1a-1e of the CIT Act), taking into consideration the appropriate source 
of income (the lower rate does not apply to incomes classified as capital incomes – Article 7b of the CIT 
Act). 
Although, in principle, Polish corporate income taxpayers, should not be subject to Polish withholding 
tax, such tax may be withheld in practice, given the specific rules applying to interest income on 
securities held in Omnibus Accounts, under Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act, the tax remitter (i.e. the entity 
operating the Omnibus Accounts, according to Art. 26.2b of the CIT Act) should withhold full 20 per 
cent. tax from interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus 
Accounts, whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading 
in Financial Instruments. If such tax is withheld for a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer, to 
discuss a refund of such tax, the entity should contact its tax advisor. 
Any withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which have not concluded any tax 
treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher than the tax calculated in 
accordance with the applicable domestic tax rate, can be deducted from the Polish tax liability. Double 
tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements (Art. 20.1 of the CIT Act). 
Notes held by a non-Polish tax resident (individual or a corporate income taxpayer) 
Under Art. 3.2a of the PIT Act, natural persons, if they do not reside in Poland, are liable to pay tax only 
on income (revenue) earned in Poland (limited obligation to pay tax).  
Under Art. 3.2 of the CIT Act, in the case of taxpayers who do not have their registered office or 
management in Poland, only the income they earn in Poland is subject to tax obligation in Poland. 
Non-Polish residents are subject to Polish income tax only with respect to their income earned in Poland. 
Under Art. 3.3 of the CIT Act, income (revenues) earned in Poland by non-residents shall include in 
particular income (revenues) from: 
(a) 
all types of activities pursued in Poland, including through a foreign establishment located in 
Poland; 
(b) 
immovable property located in Poland or rights to such property, including from its disposal in 
whole or in part, or from the disposal of any rights to such property; 
(c) 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading Poland as part of the 
regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained from the disposal of these securities 
or derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting from them; 
(d) 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a partnership 
without legal personality, participation in an investment fund or a collective investment 
undertaking, or other legal entity and rights of similar character or from receivables being a 
consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations, participation or rights, if at least 50 
per cent. of the value of assets of this company, partnership, investment fund, collective 
investment undertaking or legal entity is constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable 
property located in Poland, or rights to such immovable property; 
(e) 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar rights in a 
real estate company (as defined in the CIT Act); 
(f) 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by natural 
persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having their place of

--- Page 179 ---
- 179 - 
 
 
residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of Poland, irrespective of the 
place of concluding or performing the agreement; and 
(g) 
unrealised gains referred to in the exit tax regulations chapter. 
Similar provisions are included in Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act. 
It should be noted that the list of incomes (revenues) gained in Poland, as provided in Art. 3.3. of the CIT 
Act and Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act is not exhaustive, therefore, other income (revenues) may also be 
considered as earned in Poland. 
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a Polish tax 
resident from the Notes is considered to be income sourced in Poland. However, since the Issuer is a 
Polish entity, income from the Notes should be considered as earned in Poland. 
Special exemption for securities meeting special conditions 
Corporate income tax 
Under Art. 17.1.50c of the CIT Act, there is a tax exemption (the "Special Exemption") applicable to 
income earned by a CIT taxpayer subject to limited tax liability in Poland in respect of interest or a 
discount on securities: 
(a) 
having a maturity of at least one year; and 
(b) 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or introduced into an alternative trading system within 
the meaning of the Act of 29 July 2005 on Trading in Financial Instruments, in the territory of 
Poland or in the territory of a state that is a party to a double tax convention concluded with 
Poland which regulates the taxation of income from dividends, interest and royalties, 
unless the taxpayer is an Affiliated Entity of the issuer of such securities, and holds, directly or indirectly, 
together with other Affiliated Entities, more than 10 per cent. of the nominal value of those securities. 
Under Art. 26.1aa and 1ae of the CIT Act, remitters are not obliged to withhold tax on interest or discount 
in respect of the Notes eligible for Special Exemption, provided that the issuer submits to the tax 
authority a declaration that it has acted with due diligence in informing Affiliated Entities (excluding 
entities whose Affiliations result solely from connections with the Polish State Treasury or local 
government units or their associations), about the exemption conditions applying to those Affiliated 
Entities (the "Remittance Exemption"). 
According to Art. 26.1af of the CIT Act, the declaration referred to above is submitted once in relation to 
a given Notes issue, no later than the date of payment of interest or discount on these securities. At the 
payer's request, the issuer is obliged to confirm its submission (Art. 26.1ag of the CIT Act). 
The declaration is submitted in electronic form corresponding to the logical structure available in the 
Public Information Bulletin on the website of the office serving the minister responsible for public 
finances (Art. 26.7j of the CIT Act). 
Personal income tax 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax (Art. 21.1.130c and Art. 41.24-27 of the PIT Act), 
with certain differences. 
From 1 January 2024, besides interest (discount) and income from disposal of securities for remuneration, 
a new category of income has been introduced: income from the issuer's redemption of bonds on which 
periodic benefits are due (Art. 17.1.3a of the PIT Act), however, the scope of the exemption for non-
residents has not been amended. 
Therefore there is a risk that the prevailing argumentation may be that the exemption under Art. 
21.1.130)of the PIT Act does not cover income from redemption of the Notes by the issuer. This income 
is calculated as the difference between the amount obtained from the redemption of bonds together with 
the benefits obtained for the last period before the redemption of these bonds and the expenses incurred

--- Page 180 ---
- 180 - 
 
 
for acquiring or purchasing these bonds on the primary or secondary market by the taxpayer or the 
testator (excluding expenses on acquisition of benefits that are not taxable) (Art. 24.24 of the PIT Act). 
Under Art. 30a.7 of the PIT Act, income from the issuer's redemption of bonds on which periodic benefits 
are due does not cumulate with general income subject to the progressive tax rate, but under Article 
30a.1.2a of the PIT Act it is subject to tax at a flat rate of 19 per cent. The above provisions shall apply 
taking into account double tax treaties to which the Republic of Poland is a party. However, the 
application of the tax rate resulting from the relevant double taxation avoidance agreement or failure to 
collect (failure to pay) tax in accordance with such an agreement is possible provided that the taxpayer's 
place of residence is documented for tax purposes with a residence certificate obtained from him (Art. 
30a.2 of the PIT Act). 
Remittance exemption similar to Remittance Exemption applies under Art. 41.24 of the PIT Act, except 
that under PIT regulations, there is a risk that the prevailing view may be that the exemption does not 
cover income from the issuer's redemption of bonds on which periodic benefits are due. Also, tax 
remitters other than the Issuer are obliged to withhold tax on interest payments remitted to Polish tax 
resident individuals. 
It must be noted that under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest 
transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose 
identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial 
Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income 
(revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. 
Therefore, if the entities operating Omnibus Accounts acting as tax remitters are not able to identify the 
natural person i.e. whether it is or not tax resident in Poland, they may withhold tax at full rate on income 
from Notes that would otherwise be eligible for the Special Exemption. 
Failure to meet the conditions for the Special Exemption 
If the Special Exemption does not apply, the following rules apply. 
In principle, regarding taxpayers subject to limited tax liability in Poland, interest (discount) on the Notes 
earned in Poland is taxed at a flat rate of 20% in the case of corporate income tax payers (Art. 21.1.1 of 
the CIT Act) or 19% in the case of natural persons (Art. 30a.1.2 of the PIT Act).  
Under Art. 26.1 of the CIT Act, interest payers, other than individuals not acting within the scope of their 
business activity, should withhold this tax. When verifying the conditions for the application of a 
withholding tax rate, exemption or the conditions for the non-collection of tax resulting from special 
provisions or double tax treaties, the remitter must exercise due diligence. When assessing the exercise of 
due diligence, the nature and scale of activity conducted by the remitter as well as its Affiliation with the 
taxpayer must be taken into account. According to Art. 26.7 of the CIT Act, a payment for the purposes of 
Art. 26.1 of the CIT Act shall mean a discharge of a liability in any form, including by payment, 
deduction or capitalisation of interest. Similar provisions are provided in Art. 41.4-4aa of the PIT Act. 
Under Art. 26.2c.1 and Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts and Omnibus 
Accounts for taxpayers, acting as tax remitters, should withhold this interest income if such interest 
income (revenue) was earned in Poland and is connected with securities registered in said accounts, and 
the interest payment to the taxpayer is made through said entities. Although it is considered that foreign 
entities do not act as Polish tax remitters, according to the discussed provision, this obligation applies to 
non-residents to the extent they operate a permanent establishment in Poland and the account, on which 
securities are registered, is linked to the activity of this permanent establishment. Similar provisions 
concerning interest payments to individuals are provided in Art. 41.4d and 41.10 of the PIT Act. It is not 
entirely clear whether the Issuer should or should not withhold the tax if the entity operating the securities 
of Omnibus Account does not act as a tax remitter (i.e. is a foreign tax resident not acting through a 
Polish permanent establishment). 
The described rules of taxation may be modified by the relevant provisions of double tax treaties 
concluded by Poland, based on which a reduced tax rate or income tax exemption may apply to income 
(revenue) obtained from interest/discount (Art. 21.2 of the CIT Act, Art. 30a.2 of the PIT Act). To benefit 
from the tax rate or income tax exemption under the tax treaty, the taxpayer should present a valid

--- Page 181 ---
- 181 - 
 
 
certificate of its tax residency. As a rule, unless validity date is not included in the certificate itself, the tax 
residency certificate is considered valid for twelve consecutive months from its date of issue. Given that 
tax remitters must preserve due diligence in verification of any tax relief conditions, they may require 
additional documentation in order to be able to apply double tax treaty benefits described above, such as 
the confirmation of the recipient's beneficial owner status towards the interest payments.  
Moreover, tax treaties provide protection only for beneficial owners. Pursuant to Art. 4a.29 of the CIT 
Act and, respectively, Art. 5a.33d of the PIT Act, beneficial owner means an entity meeting all of the 
following conditions: 
(a) 
it receives the amount due for its own benefit, which includes deciding independently about its 
purpose, and bears the economic risk associated with the loss of that receivable or part of it; 
(b) 
it is not an intermediary, representative, trustee, or another entity obliged to transfer the 
receivable in whole or in part to another entity; and 
(c) 
if the receivables are obtained in connection with the conducted business activity, it conducts 
actual business activity in the country of its registration (country of domiciliation in case of the 
PIT Act); when assessing whether the entity conducts actual business activity, the nature and 
scale of such activity in the scope of received receivables are taken into account. 
Although the definition of the beneficial owner no longer refers to and Art. 24a.18 of the CIT Act and 
Art. 30f.20 of the PIT Act, those are the only places in the income tax legislation where actual business 
activity is defined. Therefore, it cannot be ruled out that factors listed there will be taken into account by 
the tax authorities in determining beneficial ownership status. Those factors include: 
(a) 
the business activity carried out by the taxpayer is performed through an existing enterprise that 
actually performs activities constituting an economic activity; in particular, it possesses 
premises, qualified personnel and equipment used for performing business activity; 
(b) 
the taxpayer does not create artificial arrangement without a connection with any business 
activity; 
(c) 
the taxpayer's actual premises, its personnel or equipment correspond to the scope of its actual 
business activity; 
(d) 
the agreements concluded by the taxpayer are realistic in economic terms, they have economic 
justification and they are not noticeably contrary to the general business interest of the taxpayer; 
and 
(e) 
the taxpayer carries out its business functions independently, using its own resources, including 
managers who are present in the country of taxpayer's tax residency. 
The majority of double tax treaties concluded by Poland provide for an exemption from income tax on 
capital gains, including income from the sale of securities obtained in Poland by a tax resident of a given 
country. The interest treatment differs under particular double tax treaties, some of them providing for 
general exemption, limiting the exemption to certain categories of recipients or providing for a reduced 
rate of tax (which may also vary depending on the recipient). 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts. Also, in cases 
where Polish withholding tax should not apply on interest payable to non-Polish tax residents (natural 
persons or corporate income taxpayers), under specific rules applicable to interest income on securities 
held in Omnibus Accounts there is a risk that such tax would be withheld. Under Art. 26.2a of the CIT 
Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to 
securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in 
accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 20 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the 
tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the 
Omnibus Account holder. Under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from 
interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts 
whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in 
Financial Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate 
income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. If

--- Page 182 ---
- 182 - 
 
 
such tax is withheld for non-Polish tax resident taxpayers, to receive a refund of such tax, the entity 
should contact its tax advisor. 
If a person or an entity subject to limited tax liability in Poland acts through a permanent establishment in 
Poland to which income is related, as a matter of principle provisions of law should apply that are 
analogous to taxpayers subject to unlimited tax liability in Poland, with some necessary additional 
requirements (e.g. the requirement to present the interest payer with a certificate of tax residence along 
with a declaration that the interest is related to the establishment's activities). 
Pay & Refund 
In addition to the rules set out above, in the event of failure to meet the conditions for a Foreign Tax 
Residents Exemption, the following regime applies on payments to Affiliated Entities. 
Corporate income tax 
Under Art. 26.2e of the CIT Act, if the total amount paid out between Affiliated Entities on account of the 
items listed in Art. 21.1.1 of the CIT Act (including interest/discount on securities) and Art. 22.1 of the 
CIT Act (including dividends) to the same taxpayer exceeds PLN 2,000,000 in a 12 months long tax year 
of the payer, payers are, as a general rule, required to withhold, on the day of payment, a flat-rate income 
tax at the basic rate (20 per cent. in the case of interest/discount on securities) from the excess over that 
amount, without being able not to withhold that tax on the basis of an appropriate double tax treaty, and 
also without taking into account exemptions or rates resulting from special regulations or double tax 
treaties (the "Pay & Refund"). 
Under Art. 26.2i and 26.2j of the CIT Act, if the payer's tax year is longer or shorter than 12 months, the 
amount to which the Pay & Refund applies is calculated by multiplying 1/12 of PLN 2,000,000 and the 
number of months that have begun in the tax year in which the payment was made; if the calculation of 
that amount is not possible by reference to the payer's tax year, the Pay & Refund shall apply accordingly 
to the payer's current financial year and, in its absence, with respect to the payer's other period with 
features specific to the financial year, not longer however than 23 consecutive months. 
Based on Art. 26.2ca of the CIT Act, the entities making payments through securities accounts or 
Omnibus Accounts are obliged to provide the entities maintaining these accounts, at least 7 days before 
the payment is made, with information about the existence of Affiliations between them and the taxpayer 
and about exceeding the amount of PLN 2,000,000. Entities providing this information are required to 
update it before making the payment in the event of a change in the circumstances covered by the 
information. In addition, in accordance with Art. 26.2ed of the CIT Act, in the circumstances referred to 
in section 2c, the excess amount and the existence of Affiliations will be determined by the entity keeping 
securities accounts or Omnibus Account. The entity keeping securities accounts or omnibus accounts 
does not take into consideration the amounts of payments on which tax was collected in accordance with 
Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act. 
Under Art. 26.2k of the CIT Act, if the payment was made in a foreign currency, to determine whether the 
amount to which the Pay & Refund applies was exceeded, the amounts paid are converted into PLN at the 
average exchange rate published by the NBP on the last business day preceding the payment day. 
Under Art. 26.2l of the CIT Act, if it is not possible to determine the amount paid to the same taxpayer, it 
is presumed that it exceeded the amount from which the Pay & Refund applies. 
Under Art. 26.7a of the CIT Act, the Pay & Refund does not apply if the payer has declared that: 
(a) 
it holds the documents required by the tax law for the application of the tax rate or tax exemption 
or non-taxation under special regulations or double tax treaties; 
(b) 
after the verification of the conditions to apply an exemption or reduced withholding tax rate 
resulting from special regulations or double tax treaties, it is not aware of any grounds for the 
assumption that there are circumstances that exclude the possibility of applying the tax rate or 
tax exemption or non-taxation under special regulations or double tax treaties, in particular it is 
not aware of the existence of circumstances preventing the fulfilment of certain conditions 
referred to in other regulations, including the fact that the interest/discount recipient is their 
beneficial owner and, if the interest/discount is obtained in connection with the business activity

--- Page 183 ---
- 183 - 
 
 
conducted by the taxpayer, that in the country of tax residence the taxpayer carries on the actual 
business activity. 
The above is to be declared by the head of the unit within the meaning of the Accounting Act or a 
designated member of such head being a collegiate body (e.g. the Issuer's management board). The 
declaration cannot be made by proxy. The declaration is to be made by in electronic form not later than 
on the last day of the second month following the payment of the tax to the tax office for the month in 
which the threshold specified above was exceeded, however, the performance of this obligation after the 
payment is made does not release the payer from the obligation to exercise due diligence before the 
payment is made. (Art. 26.7b and 26.7c of the CIT Act). 
In the case of withholding tax being a result of the Pay & Refund, if double tax treaties or special 
regulations provide for a tax exemption or reduced tax rate, the taxpayer or tax remitter (if the taxpayer 
has paid tax with its own funds and has borne the economic burden of such tax, e.g. as a result of a gross-
up clause) may apply for a refund of that tax by submitting the relevant documents and declarations. 
When recognizing that the refund is justified, the tax authorities shall carry it out within six months. 
The Pay & Refund does not apply in the case of the Notes meeting conditions for the Remittance 
Exemption above. 
Pursuant to the Regulation of the Minister of Finance dated 28 December 2022 regarding the exclusion of 
the obligation to collect flat-rate corporate income tax (the "Regulation"), in respect of securities held on 
securities accounts or Omnibus Accounts, until 31 December 2024 the application of the Pay & Refund 
regime is excluded to interest payable to taxpayers having their registered office or management outside 
the territory of the Republic of Poland. 
Personal income tax 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax, including Art. 41.12 of the PIT Act which provides 
for an analogous Pay & Refund, while the Regulation of the Minister of Finance of 28 December 2022 on 
exclusion of tax withholding obligation is the equivalent of the Regulation. It should be noted, however, 
that the scope of the Remittance Exemption under PIT is different than under CIT. 
Withholding taxation of certain payments made to tax havens 
Based on Art. 26.1m of the CIT Act, if a tax remitter makes a payment on account of certain capital 
profits (e.g. revenues from financial instruments, including interest and capital gains) to a corporate entity 
resident for tax purposes in a tax haven, such tax remitter is obliged to withhold tax at 19 per cent. rate 
calculated from the amount being paid out. 
The list of the tax havens is included in the Regulation of the Minister of Finance from 28 March 2019 on 
identifying the countries and territories applying harmful tax competition for corporate taxation purposes. 
European Union Directives on Administrative Co-operation in the Field of Taxation and the 
Taxation of Savings Income 
The EU adopted Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU, on 
administrative co-operation in the field of taxation and repealing Council Directive 2003/48/EC, 
regarding the taxation of savings income. From 1 July 2005, Member States have been required to 
provide to the tax authorities of other Member States details of payments of interest or other similar 
income paid by a person to an individual resident in another Member State. A number of non-EU 
countries and territories (referred to in that Directive) adopted equivalent measures from the same date. 
Notwithstanding the repeal of Council Directive 2003/48/EC (as amended by Directive 2014/48/EU), 
equivalent measures continue to apply in Poland pursuant to the Act on the Exchange of Tax Information 
with other countries of 9 March 2017.  
FATCA  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (foreign 
passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements.

--- Page 184 ---
- 184 - 
 
 
The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including 
Poland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United 
States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions 180 and IGAs to instruments such as 
the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to 1 January 2019 and Notes characterised as 
debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax 
purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining "foreign passthru payments" are published generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of 
FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional notes (as 
described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from 
previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior 
to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Noteholders 
should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes.

--- Page 185 ---
- 185 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (such programme agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Programme Agreement") dated 12 September 
2024, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse 
the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. The Dealers are entitled to be released and 
discharged from their obligations in relation to any agreement to issue and purchase Notes under the 
Programme Agreement in certain circumstances prior to payment to the Issuer. In such an event, the 
issuance of the relevant Tranche of Notes may not be completed, and prospective investors in such Notes 
will have no rights against the Issuer or any of the Dealers in respect of any expense incurred or loss 
suffered in these circumstances. Under the Programme Agreement, further Dealers may be appointed 
from time to time by the Issuer, either on a permanent basis or in respect of a particular issue of Notes 
only. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
Each Dealer has severally represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that it will not, directly or indirectly, purchase, offer, sell or deliver 
any Notes or distribute or publish any Base Prospectus, offering circular, form of application, 
advertisement or other document or information, in any country or jurisdiction in respect of any Notes 
except in circumstances that will, to the best of its knowledge and belief, result in compliance in all 
material respects with any applicable securities laws and regulations. 
Without prejudice to the generality of the above paragraph, each Dealer has agreed and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it will obtain any consent, approval 
or permission which is, to the best of its knowledge and belief, required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject 
or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries.  
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.  
If, in respect of any offering of Notes, the offer of such Notes in a given jurisdiction is required to be 
made by a licensed broker or dealer and if any Dealer or any affiliate of any Dealer involved in such 
offering is so licensed and so agrees, the offer of such Notes in such jurisdiction shall be deemed to be 
made by the relevant Dealer(s) or affiliate(s), as the case may be, on behalf of the Issuer.  
The United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons, except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in the preceding 
sentence have the meaning given to them by Regulation S. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them 
by the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the "Code") and regulations 
thereunder. The Final Terms of the Notes will identify whether the TEFRA D or TEFRA C applies or 
whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that, except as permitted by the applicable programme agreement, and as described below, it will not 
offer, sell or deliver the Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time, or (ii) otherwise until forty days

--- Page 186 ---
- 186 - 
 
 
after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Series, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it 
sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of 
U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meaning given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until forty days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Series, any 
offer or sale of Notes of such Series within the United States by a Dealer that is not participating in the 
offering may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each purchaser of Notes sold outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and each subsequent 
purchaser of such Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, by 
accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Notes, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and 
acknowledged that: 
(i) 
It is, or at the time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and (a) it is 
not a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of Regulation 
S), and (b) it is not an affiliate of the Bank or a person acting on behalf of such an affiliate. 
(ii) 
It understands that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
and that, prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, it will not offer, sell, 
pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes except in an offshore transaction in accordance with 
Rule 903 or Rule 905 of Regulation S, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any 
State of the United States. 
(iii) 
It understands that such Notes, unless otherwise determined by the Bank in accordance with 
applicable law, will bear a legend in or substantially in the following form: 
"THIS INSTRUMENT HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") AND MAY 
NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE 
UNITED STATES EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT." 
(iv) 
It understands that the Bank, the relevant Dealer(s) and their affiliates, and others will rely upon 
the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. 
Furthermore, each Series of Notes will also be subject to such further United States selling 
restrictions as the Bank and the relevant Dealer or Dealers may agree and as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For the purposes of this provision: 
The expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("EU 
MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"), and  
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to

--- Page 187 ---
- 187 - 
 
 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or  
 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
No deposit taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year:  
 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons:  
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not, or in 
the case of the Issuer would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
Republic of Italy

--- Page 188 ---
- 188 - 
 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, the offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian 
securities legislation or with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant 
to Italian securities legislation. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies 
of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of 
Italy (in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and 
regulations), except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any application provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the "Financial Services Act") and CONSOB; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 
1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (i) and (ii) above must be: 
 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993 (the "Italian Banking Act") (in each case as amended from time to time) and 
any other applicable laws and regulations; and 
 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations (including article 100 bis of the 
Italian Financial Services Act, where applicable) imposed by the Bank of Italy (including the 
reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act and 
the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) or requirements 
imposed by CONSOB or any other Italian authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in the Republic of Italy 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Notes in the Republic of Italy, the 
Prospectus Regulation and Financial Services Act may require compliance with the law relating to public 
offers of securities. Furthermore, Article 100-bis of Financial Services Act provides that where the Notes 
are placed solely with "qualified investors" and are then systematically resold on the secondary market at 
any time in the 12 months following such placing, purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the 
course of their business or profession may in certain circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase 
void and, in addition, to claim damages from any authorised person at whose premises the Notes were 
purchased, unless an exemption provided for under the Prospectus Regulation or Financial Services Act 
applies. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations in force 
regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of the Base 
Prospectus, the Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Canada 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that (i) the Notes have not been and will not be qualified for sale under 
the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof; (ii) it and each of its affiliates has not 
offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident thereof, except pursuant to available exemptions from applicable Canadian 
provincial and territorial laws; and (iii) it and each of its affiliates has complied and will comply with all 
applicable Canadian provincial and territorial laws. 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers in Canada purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal 
that are "accredited investors", as defined in National Instrument 45-106 – Prospectus Exemptions or

--- Page 189 ---
- 189 - 
 
 
subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National 
Instrument 31-103 - Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations, that are 
not individuals. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this document (including any amendment or supplements thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s 
province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.  
Each investor confirms its express wish that all documents evidencing or relating to the sale of the 
securities and all other contracts and related documents be drafted in the English language. Chaque 
investisseur confirme sa volonté expresse que tous les documents attestant de la vente des titres ou s'y 
rapportant ainsi que tous les autres contrats et documents s’y rattachant soient rédigés en langue 
anglaise. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted, 
acknowledged and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, 
nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection 
with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than: (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A 
of the SFA pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A 
of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
Information for the Affiliated Entities (as defined below) of the Issuer 
In order to comply with the obligation to act with due care, as referred to in Article 41 section 25 of the 
PIT Act and Article 26 section 1ab of the CIT Act, the Issuer informs the Noteholders being the Affiliated 
Entities (as defined below) that the exemption from income tax pursuant to Article 21 section 1 point 
130c) of the PIT Act and Article 17 section 1 point 50c) of the CIT Act applies to income from interest, 
whereby the note generating the income: 
(a) 
has a maturity of not less than one year; 
(b) 
has been admitted to trading on a regulated market or introduced to an alternative trading 
system, within the meaning of the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, in the Republic of 
Poland or in a state that is a party to a double taxation treaty concluded with the Republic of 
Poland, the provisions of which set out the principles of taxing income from dividends, interest 
and royalties; and 
(c) 
in the event that the income is earned by a taxpayer referred to in Article 3 section 2a of the PIT 
Act, or Article 3 section 2 of the CIT Act, who, at the moment of generating income, is an 
affiliated entity within the meaning of Article 23m section 1 point 4 of the PIT Act, or within the 
meaning of Article 11a section 1 point 4 of the CIT Act (the "Affiliated Entities") with the 
issuer of the bonds, then that taxpayer may not hold, directly or indirectly, together with other 
affiliated entities within the meaning of these regulations, more than 10 per cent. of the nominal 
value of these bonds. 
In view of point (c) above, the Issuer informs the Noteholders being the Affiliated Entities that they must 
not acquire more than 10 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes (the "Obligation"). The Obligation 
applies to Notes issued under the Programme. The Issuer informs the Noteholders being the Affiliated 
Entities that in the event the Affiliated Entity fails to comply with the Obligation, they may expect to lose

--- Page 190 ---
- 190 - 
 
 
the tax exemption referred to in Article 41 section 25 of the PIT Act and Article 26 section 1ab of the CIT 
Act.

--- Page 191 ---
- 191 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment and update of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the 
Management Board of the Issuer dated 19 January 2022 and a resolution of the Supervisory Board of the 
Issuer dated 28 January 2022. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection (or from the date of subsequent publication 
(as the case may be)) will be available at the Issuer's website https://www.bankmillennium.pl/en/about-
the-bank/investor-relations:  
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and the most 
recently published unaudited semi-annual financial statements (if any) of the Issuer (in each 
case, with an English translation thereof), together with any audit or review reports prepared in 
connection therewith; and 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons. 
For at least ten years from the date of this Base Prospectus, this Base Prospectus and a copy of any 
document containing the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained 
from the Issuer's website https://www.bankmillennium.pl/en/about-the-bank/investor-relations. For the 
avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on the Bank's website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records. The appropriate Common Code, ISIN, FISN and CFI code 
for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to be cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system, 
the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of 
such Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the 
Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to 
maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 
2023 nor has there been any significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the 
Issuer or the Group, since 30 June 2024.

--- Page 192 ---
- 192 - 
 
 
Borrowing and Funding Structure 
There has been no material change in the Issuer's borrowing and funding structure since 31 December 
2023.  
Litigation 
Except for the proceedings described in "Description of the Group – Litigation - Court claims, current 
provisions related to foreign currency mortgage loans and events that may impact foreign currency 
mortgage legal risk and related provision", there are not and have not been any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had 
in such period a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Auditors 
Deloitte Audyt spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp. k. ("Deloitte Audyt") with its registered 
office in Warsaw at al. Jana Pawła II 22, 00-133 Warsaw, Poland, audited the consolidated financial 
statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 and issued unqualified auditor's opinions 
on the aforementioned financial statements. 
Deloitte Audyt is registered in the register of auditors held by the Polish Chamber of Statutory Auditors 
(in Polish: Polska Izba Biegłych Rewidentów) under no. 73. On behalf of Deloitte Audyt, the consolidated 
financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 were audited by Dorota Snarska-
Kuman (certified auditor, licence no. 9667). 
Deloitte Assurance Polska spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp. k. (formerly: Deloitte Assurance 
sp. z o.o.) ("Deloitte Assurance") with its registered office in Warsaw at al. Jana Pawła II 22, 00-133 
Warsaw, Poland, audited the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 
December 2023 and issued unqualified auditor's opinions on the aforementioned financial statements. 
Deloitte Assurance is registered in the register of auditors held by the Polish Chamber of Statutory 
Auditors (in Polish: Polska Izba Biegłych Rewidentów) under no. 4260. On behalf of Deloitte Assurance, 
the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 were audited by 
Barbara Gryszko (certified auditor, licence no. 13312). 
On 11 December 2023 the Bank and Deloitte Audyt agreed to terminate the agreement under which 
Deloitte Audyt was appointed to audit and review the Group's and the Bank's financial statements for the 
years 2021-2023. The decision to terminate the Agreement was the mutual decision of both the Bank and 
Deloitte Audyt. The reason for the termination of the Agreement was to avoid uncertainties which could 
result from potential regulatory matters relating to Deloitte Audyt's dealing with Polish Audit Supervision 
Agency. 
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer, and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of 
the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship 
with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including, potentially, the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers 
and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to 
clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 193 ---
- 193 - 
 
 
Credit Ratings 
In accordance with Fitch's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on Fitch's 
website, a long-term rating of "BB" indicates an elevated vulnerability to default risk, particularly in the 
event of adverse changes in business or economic conditions over time; however, business or financial 
flexibility exists that supports the servicing of financial commitments whereas "+" denotes the relative 
status within the "BB" category. 
In accordance with Moody's rating definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on Moody's 
website, obligations rated "Baa" are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as 
such may possess certain speculative characteristics. The modifier "3" indicates a ranking in the lower 
end of the "Baa" rating category.

--- Page 194 ---
- 194 - 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
Bank Millennium S.A. 
ul. Stanisława Żaryna 2A 
02-593 Warsaw 
Poland 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Am Belvedere 1 
1100 Vienna 
Austria 
 
Millennium BCP 
Tagus Park 
Avenida Prof Dr Cavaco Silva 
Edificio 2, Nº30 
Piso 2A 
2740-256 Porto Salvo 
Portugal 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
ISSUE AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA 
69 route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
AUDITOR 
Deloitte Assurance Polska spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp. k. 
(formerly: Deloitte Assurance sp. z o.o.) 
al. Jana Pawła II 22 
00-133 Warsaw 
Poland 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
To the Issuer as to Polish law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP  
One Bishops Square  
London E1 6AD  
United Kingdom 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling, A. Pędzich sp. k. 
ul. Grzybowska 56 
00-844 Warsaw 
Poland 
 
To the Arranger and Dealers as to English law 
To the Arranger and Dealers as to Polish law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Clifford Chance 
Janicka, Krużewski, Stosio i wspólnicy Sp.k. 
Norway House 
ul. Lwowska 19 
00-660 Warsaw 
Poland 
 
 
 
0093124-0000019 EUO1: 2011989380.14