--- Page 1 ---
- i - 
BANKINTER INTERNATIONAL NOTES S.ÀR.L. 
(société à responsabilité limitée)  
 
Registered office: 46A avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
R.C.S. Luxembourg: B262854 
 
EUR 4,000,000,000 Structured Notes Programme 
guaranteed by 
BANKINTER, S.A. 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
EUR 4,000,000,000 
This base prospectus ("Base Prospectus") has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") (as defined below). The Central Bank only approves 
this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Approval by the Central Bank should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or Guarantor or of the quality of the notes (the 
"Notes"). Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to the Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of The Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as 
Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") or on another regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive, 
(Directive 2014/65/EU) (as amended, "MiFID II") and/or that are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic 
Area (the "EEA") in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus, as approved by the Central Bank, in accordance with the requirements of the Prospectus Regulation, comprises a Base 
Prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of 
Notes issued under the Structured Notes Programme (the "Programme") described herein, during the period of 12 months after the date 
hereof. 
Under the Programme, Bankinter International Notes S.àr.l. (the "Issuer") may issue Notes. The payment of all amounts and delivery of all 
assets due in respect of the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Bankinter, S.A. (the "Guarantor" or the "Bank" or 
"Bankinter"), provided the Bank executes the Applicable Transaction Terms (as defined below) in relation to the relevant Notes. The Bank 
and its consolidated subsidiaries are referred to herein as the Group. The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed 
will not at any time exceed EUR 4,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). Particulars of the dates of, parties to and general nature 
of each document to which the Issuer is a party in relation to the Programme and any Notes (the "Transaction Documents") are set out in 
various sections of this Base Prospectus. 
Notes may be issued in bearer form. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to its official list (the "Official List") and trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II. The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer. 
(and not on its own behalf) in connection with the application for admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin.  
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an 
exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Potential purchasers should note the statements on pages 257 to 268 regarding the tax treatment of income obtained in respect of the Notes. 
Holders of Notes must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure the correct tax treatment of their Notes 
is obtained. 
Investors should be aware that the Issuer is not regulated by the Central Bank and that any investment in the Notes will not have the status of 
a bank deposit and is therefore not within the scope of the deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank. 
The Notes may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. person and accordingly are being offered and sold outside 
the United States to non-U.S. persons (as defined in “Plan of Distribution”) in reliance on Regulation S.  The Notes have not been, and 
will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and trading in Notes has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "CEA"), or by the 
U.S. Securities Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has registered as an investment company 
pursuant to the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940. No Notes, or interests therein, may at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, 
pledged, exercised, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined herein) or to others for offer, sale, trade, pledge, exercise, redemption, transfer, resale, or 
delivery, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined herein) ) 
and any offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, exercise, redemption, transfer or delivery made, directly or indirectly, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person will not be recognised.  
 Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Where a series of Notes is rated, the applicable 
rating(s) of a relevant Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. Whether or 
not each credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union or the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended (the "CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the UK CRA 
Regulation), as the case may be, will be disclosed in the Applicable Transaction Terms. The list of credit rating agencies registered under the

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
CRA Regulation (as updated from time to time) is published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs). 
The Guarantor has been rated by Moody's Investor Service España, S.A. (“Moody’s”), S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and 
DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS Morningstar"). Each of Moody's, S&P and DBRS Morningstar is established in the European Union. Each 
of Moody's, S&P and DBRS Morningstar is registered under the CRA Regulation and as such, is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. None of Moody's, S&P or DBRS Morningstar is established in the United Kingdom but each 
is part of a group in respect of which one of its undertakings is (i) established in the United Kingdom, and (ii) is registered in accordance with 
the UK CRA Regulation. As such, the ratings issued by S&P, DBRS Morningstar and Moody's may be used for regulatory purposes in the 
United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation until January 2022. 
Credit ratings may be adjusted over time, and there is no assurance that the credit ratings stated in this Base Prospectus will be effective after 
the date of this Base Prospectus. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any Notes. The Issuer is not rated. Amounts 
payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). Where relevant, a statement will be included 
in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable, as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is 
included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.  
Arranger and Dealer 
BANKINTER, S.A. 
18 February 2022

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor (to the extent set out in "Description of the Guarantor" on page 231 below) 
(together, the "Responsible Persons") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and declares that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance 
with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto and 
with any other documents incorporated in it by reference and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined herein) of 
Notes, should be read and construed together with the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor have confirmed to the Dealers described under "Key Features of the Programme" 
below (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers") that this Base Prospectus contains all information which is 
(in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes and the guarantee of the Notes) material; 
that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; 
that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading 
in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such 
information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of 
the Notes and the guarantee of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries 
have been made to verify the foregoing. No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any 
representation other than those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made 
in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in 
the affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this document has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this document has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as 
of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
Notice of the aggregate principal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined 
under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in either (a) in the case of Notes to be admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, (i) the final terms (the "Final Terms"), or (ii) a separate 
prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") (as described under "Applicable Transaction 
Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below), or (b) in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined below) a pricing 
supplement (the "Pricing Supplement", and together with the Final Terms, the "Applicable Transaction Terms"). 
In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base 
Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, shall be read and construed as a reference to such 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires 
otherwise. With respect to Notes to be listed on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the Applicable 
Transaction Terms will be delivered to Euronext Dublin on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined above) only applies to Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area, (the "EEA") and/or 
offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 5(1) 
of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the "FSMA"). The Central Bank has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base 
Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
The Notes may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. person and accordingly are being 
offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. The Notes have not 
been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or 
with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and trading in

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
Notes has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") under the 
U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "CEA"), or by the U.S. Securities Exchange 
Commission (the "SEC"). Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities 
commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the accuracy of this Base 
Prospectus.  Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence. No Notes, or interests therein, may at any 
time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, exercised, redeemed, transferred  or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined herein) 
or to others for offer, sale, trade, pledge, exercise, redemption, transfer, resale, or delivery, directly or indirectly, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined herein) and any 
offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, exercise, redemption, transfer or delivery made, directly or indirectly, within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person will not be recognised. Terms used in 
this paragraph and not otherwise defined herein have the meaning given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. The Notes will be subject to restrictions on resale and transfer – see "Transfer Restrictions".   
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation or solicitation of an offer by or on behalf of 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers 
makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or 
completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential 
purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers 
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes 
issued under the Programme of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers. 
None of the Dealers, the Issuer and the Guarantor makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding 
the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the 
economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed EUR 4,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any 
Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into euros at the date of the agreement to issue such 
Notes calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Plan of 
Distribution"). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time 
under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of 
the Dealer Agreement. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "EUR", 
"Euro", "euro" or "€" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the 
introduction of the euro, as amended, references to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" and "dollars" are to the lawful 
currency of the United States of America. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below may apply, 
any offer of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) may only 
be made in any Member State of the EEA (each, a "Member State") pursuant to an exemption under the 
Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. 
Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of Notes which are the subject 
of an offering/placement contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Applicable Transaction Terms in 
relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such 
offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, 
where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member 
State and (in either case) published, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by Final Terms or is a Drawdown Prospectus which specifies that

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
offers may be made in that Member State and such offer is made in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified for such purpose in such prospectus or Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable. 
Except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor 
do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
 
Certain alternative performance measures (as defined in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance 
Measures) ("Alternative Performance Measures" or "APMs") are included in this Base Prospectus (which 
reference includes any information incorporated by reference herein). Such APMs, which have not been prepared 
in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the EU ("IFRS-EU"), have 
been extracted or derived from the accounting records of the Group (as defined herein). 
 
The Issuer believes that the APMs contribute to a better understanding of the Group's results of operations by 
providing additional information on what the Group considers being some of the drivers of the Group's financial 
performance. These APMs, however, should not be regarded as alternatives to revenues, cash flow or net income 
as indicators of operational performance or liquidity. 
 
The APMs are not audited or reviewed by the Issuer's auditors. These APMs are not measurements of the Group's 
financial performance under IFRS-EU and should not be considered as substitutes to the information in the 
Consolidated Annual Accounts (as defined below in "Documents Incorporated by Reference") or to any 
performance measures prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU.  
 
Different companies may use different definitions of the APMs. Therefore the Issuer's definitions of these 
measures may not be comparable to the definitions used by other companies. The APMs must be considered only 
in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS-
EU included and/or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Investors are cautioned not to place undue 
reliance on these APMs. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, save in relation to any 
jurisdiction(s) or period(s) for which the "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors" is specified to be not 
applicable in any Applicable Transaction Terms, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of any Notes 
may, where applicable, include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Notes are complex financial instruments with high risk. There are significant risks inherent in the holding 
of the Notes, including the risks in relation to their subordination, the circumstances in which the Guarantee 
and any other claim against the Guarantor may be written down or converted to ordinary shares and the 
implications on Noteholders (such as a substantial loss), the circumstances in which Noteholders may suffer 
loss as a result of holding the Notes are difficult to predict and the quantum of any loss incurred by investors 
in the Notes in such circumstances is also highly uncertain. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation 
to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a "Non-exempt Offer".   
Restrictions on Non-Exempt Offers of Notes in relevant Member States of the EEA 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Notes in each Member 
State in relation to which the Issuer has given its consent, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each specified 
state a "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction" and together the "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions"). Any person 
making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Notes on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only 
with the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus as provided under "Consent given in accordance with 
Article 5(1) of the Prospectus " below and provided such person complies with the conditions attached to that 
consent. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of Notes, the Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility, in each of the 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor") 
who purchases any Notes in a Non-exempt Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as defined below), 
where that offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and provided that the 
conditions attached to the giving of consent for the use of this Base Prospectus are complied with. The consent 
and conditions attached to it are set out under "Consent" and "Common Conditions to Consent" below.   
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised 
Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law requirements

--- Page 7 ---
- vii - 
in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuer or any Dealer has any responsibility or liability for the 
actions of that Authorised Offeror.   
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has 
authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use 
of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Notes. Any Non-
exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer 
or for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised 
Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the 
purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about 
whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (a)(i), (a)(ii) and (b) below are together the "Authorised 
Offerors" and each an "Authorised Offeror". 
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Notes and subject to the conditions set out below under "Common Conditions 
to Consent": 
Specific Consent 
(a) 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if 
applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes by: 
(i) 
the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
General Consent 
(b) 
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable", the 
Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the 
relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of Notes by any other financial 
intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under MiFID II; and 
(ii) 
it accepts the Issuer's offer to grant consent to the use of this Base Prospectus by publishing on 
its website the following statement (with the information in square brackets duly completed) 
(the "Acceptance Statement"): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of relevant 
Notes] (the "Notes") described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the "Final Terms") 
published by Bankinter International Notes S.àr.l. (the "Issuer"). In consideration of the Issuer 
offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) 
in connection with the offer of the Notes in [specify Member State(s)] during the Offer Period 
and subject to the other conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus, 
we hereby accept the offer by the Issuer in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as 
specified in the Base Prospectus) and confirm that we are using the Base Prospectus 
accordingly." 
The "Authorised Offeror Terms", being the terms to which the relevant financial intermediary 
agrees in connection with using this Base Prospectus, are that the relevant financial 
intermediary: 
(A) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer the 
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the 
relevant Non-exempt Offer:

--- Page 8 ---
- viii - 
I. 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all 
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory 
bodies (the "Rules") from time to time including, without limitation and in 
each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any 
investment in the Notes by any person and disclosure to any potential 
Investor; 
II. 
comply with the restrictions set out under "Plan of Distribution" in this Base 
Prospectus which would apply if the relevant financial intermediary were a 
Dealer and consider the relevant manufacturer's target market assessment and 
distribution channels identified under the "MiFID II product governance" 
legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
III. 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) or 
rebate received or paid by the relevant financial intermediary in relation to 
the offer or sale of the Notes does not violate the Rules and, to the extent 
required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or potential 
Investors; 
IV. 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection 
with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules; 
V. 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption 
and "know your client" Rules (including, without limitation, taking 
appropriate steps, in compliance with such Rules, to establish and document 
the identity of each potential Investor prior to initial investment in any Notes 
by the Investor), and will not permit any application for Notes in 
circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicion as to the 
source of the application monies; 
VI. 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required 
under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted 
by the Rules, make such records available to the relevant Dealer, the Issuer 
and the Guarantor or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer in order to enable 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer to comply with anti-
money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know your client" Rules 
applying to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer, as the case may 
be; 
VII. 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or the relevant Dealer to breach any Rule or subject the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or the relevant Dealer to any requirement to obtain or make any filing, 
authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
VIII. 
immediately inform the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer if at any 
time it becomes aware, or suspects, that it is or may be in violation of any 
Rules and take all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply with 
such Rules in all respects; 
IX. 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common 
Conditions to Consent" below and any further requirements or other 
Authorised Offeror Terms relevant to the Non-exempt Offer as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
X. 
make available to each potential Investor in the Notes this Base Prospectus 
(as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final 
Terms and any applicable information booklet provided by the Issuer for such 
purpose, and not convey or publish any information that is not contained in 
or entirely consistent with this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 9 ---
- ix - 
XI. 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than this Base Prospectus 
or any other materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf 
of the Issuer for the purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer) in connection 
with the relevant Non-exempt Offer, it will ensure that such communication 
(A) is fair, clear and not misleading and complies with the Rules, (B) states 
that such financial intermediary has provided such communication 
independently of the Issuer, that such financial intermediary is solely 
responsible for such communication and that none of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the relevant Dealer accepts any responsibility for such communication 
and (C) does not, without the prior written consent of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or the relevant Dealer (as applicable), use the legal or publicity names of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer or any other name, brand or logo 
registered by an entity within their respective groups or any material over 
which any such entity retains a proprietary interest, except to describe the 
Issuer as issuer of the relevant Notes and the Guarantor as the guarantor of 
the relevant Notes on the basis set out in this Base Prospectus; 
XII. 
ensure that no holder of Notes or potential Investor in Notes shall become an 
indirect or direct client of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer for 
the purposes of any applicable Rules from time to time, and to the extent that 
any client obligations are created by the relevant financial intermediary under 
any applicable Rules, then such financial intermediary shall perform any such 
obligations so arising; 
XIII. 
cooperate with the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer in providing 
relevant information (including, without limitation, documents and records 
maintained pursuant to paragraph (VI) above) and such further assistance as 
is reasonably requested upon written request from the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or the relevant Dealer in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, 
in any event, within any time frame set by any such regulator or regulatory 
process. For this purpose, relevant information is information that is available 
to or can be acquired by the relevant financial intermediary: 
(i) 
in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator in 
relation to the Notes, the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer; 
and/or 
(ii) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer relating to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer or another Authorised Offeror 
including, without limitation, complaints as defined in the Rules; 
and/or 
(iii) 
which the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer may 
reasonably require from time to time in relation to the Notes and/or 
to allow the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer fully to 
comply with its own legal, tax and regulatory requirements; 
XIV. 
during the period of the initial offering of the Notes: (i) only sell the Notes at 
the Issue Price specified in the applicable Final Terms (unless otherwise 
agreed with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer); (ii) only sell the Notes for 
settlement on the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms; (iii) not 
appoint any sub-distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer); (iv) not pay any fee or remuneration or commissions or 
benefits to any third parties in relation to the offering or sale of the Notes 
(unless otherwise agreed with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer); and (v) 
comply with such other rules of conduct as may be reasonably required and 
specified by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer; and 
XV. 
either (i) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the 
Notes, or (ii) keep a record of all requests the relevant financial intermediary

--- Page 10 ---
- x - 
(x) makes for its discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its 
advisory clients and (z) receives from its execution-only clients, in each case 
prior to making any order for the Notes on their behalf, and in each case 
maintain the same on its files for so long as is required by any applicable 
Rules; 
(B) 
agrees and undertakes to each of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer that 
if it or any of its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and 
controlling persons (each a "Relevant Party") incurs any losses, liabilities, costs, 
claims, charges, expenses, actions or demands (including reasonable costs of 
investigation and any defence raised thereto and counsel's fees and disbursements 
associated with any such investigation or defence) (a "Loss") arising out of or in 
relation to, or in connection with, any breach of any of the foregoing agreements, 
representations, warranties or undertakings by the relevant financial intermediary, 
including (without limitation) any unauthorised action by the relevant financial 
intermediary or failure by it to observe any of the above restrictions or requirements or 
the making by it of any unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it of any 
information which has not been authorised for such purposes by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or the relevant Dealer, the relevant financial intermediary shall pay to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer, as the case may be, an amount equal to 
the Loss. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any Dealer shall have any duty or 
obligation, whether as fiduciary or trustee for any Relevant Party or otherwise, to 
recover any such payment or to account to any other person for any amounts paid to it 
under this provision; and 
(C) 
agrees and accepts that: 
I. 
the contract between the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary formed 
upon acceptance by the relevant financial intermediary of the Issuer's offer to 
use this Base Prospectus with its consent in connection with the relevant Non-
exempt Offer (the "Authorised Offeror Contract"), and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror 
Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Spanish 
Law; 
II. 
subject to (IV) below, the Madrid courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror 
Contract (including any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) (a 
"Dispute") and the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary submit to 
the exclusive jurisdiction of the Madrid courts; 
III. 
for the purposes of (C)(II) and (IV), the relevant financial intermediary 
waives any objection to the Madrid courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any dispute; and 
IV. 
to the extent allowed by law, the Issuer, the Guarantor and each relevant 
Dealer may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any 
other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number 
of jurisdictions. 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within (b) above who meets the conditions set out in (b) and the other 
conditions stated in "Common Conditions to Consent" below and who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Non-exempt Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish 
on its website the Acceptance Statement. 
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant Non-exempt 
Offer are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (b) above if Part B of the applicable Final Terms 
specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such consent:

--- Page 11 ---
- xi - 
(i) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes in a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Arrangements between investors and authorised offerors 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY NOTES IN A NON-EXEMPT 
OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH 
NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER IN PLACE BETWEEN 
SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR, INCLUDING ARRANGEMENTS IN 
RELATION TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT. THE ISSUER WILL NOT 
BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH 
THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE 
RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE 
TIME OF SUCH OFFER. NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR AND, FOR THE AVOIDANCE 
OF DOUBT, ANY DEALER HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN 
RESPECT OF THE INFORMATION DESCRIBED ABOVE. 
Save as provided above, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, 
the making of any Non-exempt Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
This Base Prospectus describes certain tax implications in connection with an investment in the Notes from a 
Spanish and Luxembourg perspective (see "Risk Factors – Risks in Relation to the Notes – Risks in Relation to 
Spanish Taxation", "Taxation in Spain" and "Taxation and Disclosure of Information in connection with 
Payments" and “Impact of the anti-tax avoidance directive on the Issuer”). Holders of Notes must seek their own 
advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure correct tax treatment of their Notes. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Any foreign language text that is included with or within this 
document has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of the Base Prospectus. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the Applicable Transaction Terms may 
over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or at any time after the adequate public disclosure of the Applicable Transaction Terms of the offer of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier 
of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation-action or over-allotment shall be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................................ 13 
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS ........................................................................................................... 41 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................................. 48 
ISSUE OF NOTES ......................................................................................................................................... 53 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................................. 54 
APPLICABLE TRANSACTION TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES.................................... 55 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES............................................................................................ 56 
ANNEX 1 PROVISIONS RELATING TO EQUITY LINKED NOTES..................................................... 103 
ANNEX 2 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE 
LINKED NOTES ........................................................................................................................... 122 
ANNEX 3 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS............................................... 134 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................... 157 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT .................................................................................................... 194 
FORM OF NOTES ....................................................................................................................................... 224 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ..................................................................................................................... 227 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................... 228 
BANKINTER INTERNATIONAL NOTES S.ÀR.L. .................................................................................. 229 
BANKINTER, S.A. ...................................................................................................................................... 231 
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH PAYMENTS .......... 257 
GENERAL INFORMATION ....................................................................................................................... 269

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
RISK FACTORS 
Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any 
investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer and the Guarantor and the industry(ies) in which each of them 
operates together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular, the risk 
factors described below. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (including 
"Annex 1 – Provisions relating to Equity Linked Notes", "Annex 2 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes" and "Annex 3 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts") below or 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
Notes may be issued under the Programme which are Equity Linked Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes, or, if the Notes are Exempt Notes, other reference item linked notes ("Reference Item Linked Notes"). The 
relevant terms of any Reference Item Linked Notes that are not Exempt Notes will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The relevant terms of any Reference Item Linked Notes that are Exempt Notes will be specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. An investment in Reference Item Linked Notes may involve a number of risks, some 
of which are referred to below (see "Risk Factors Relating to Reference Item Linked Notes") and which are not 
associated with investment in a conventional debt security. The amount paid by the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be, on redemption of the Reference Item Linked Notes may be less than the principal amount of the Reference 
Item Linked Notes and may in certain circumstances be zero.  
Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor that are not currently known to the Issuer 
and the Guarantor, or that either currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material 
adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose the value 
of their entire investment or part of it.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
CONTENTS OF THE RISK FACTORS  
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
1. 
Risks Relating to the Notes 
2. 
Risks Relating to Reference Item Linked Notes 
3. 
Risks Relating to Specific Types of Reference Item Linked Notes 
4. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Group 
 
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
1. 
Risks Relating to the Notes 
The Notes bear the credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
Holders of Notes bear the credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor. That is the risk that the Issuer or the Guarantor 
is not able to meet its obligations under such Notes, irrespective of how any principal, interest or other payments 
under such Notes are to be calculated. In such circumstances Holders may lose some or all of their investment. 
Claims of holders under the Notes are effectively junior to those of certain other creditors  
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will at all 
times rank pari passu and rateably among themselves and at least pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of 
law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
Luxembourg insolvency laws may not be as favorable as insolvency laws in other jurisdictions The insolvency laws 
of Luxembourg may not be as favorable to holders of Notes as insolvency laws of other jurisdictions with which 
investors may be familiar. The Issuer is incorporated and has its center of main interests (centre des intérêts 
principaux), for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2015/848 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast), as amended (the European Insolvency Regulation), and its registered 
office and central administration (administration centrale) in Luxembourg. Accordingly, insolvency proceedings 
affecting the Issuer would be governed by Luxembourg insolvency laws. The following is a brief description of the 
key features of Luxembourg insolvency proceedings and certain aspects of insolvency laws in Luxembourg. 
Under the insolvency laws of Luxembourg, the following types of Luxembourg insolvency proceedings may be 
opened against the Issuer to the extent that the Issuer has its registered office or its center of main interests (centre 
des intérêts principaux) (for the purposes of the European Insolvency Regulation) in Luxembourg: 
 
bankruptcy proceedings (faillite); 
 
controlled management proceedings (gestion contrôlée); and 
 
composition proceedings (concordat préventif de la faillite). 
In addition to these proceedings, your ability to receive payment with respect to the Notes as far as the Issuer is 
concerned may be affected by a decision of the Commercial District Court (Tribunal d’arrondissement siégeant en 
matière commerciale) granting suspension of payments (sursis de paiements) or putting the Issuer into judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire). 
The guarantee in respect of the Notes (the "Guarantee") is an unsecured and unsubordinated preferred senior 
obligation of the Guarantor (crédito ordinario preferente). Subject to statutory preferences, the Guarantee will rank 
equally with any of the Guarantor's other unsecured and unsubordinated senior preferred indebtedness (créditos 
ordinarios preferentes). However, the Guarantee will be effectively subordinated to all of the Guarantor's secured 
indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and other preferential obligations 
under Spanish law including the covered deposits and natural persons and micro, small and medium enterprises 
deposits referred to in Additional Provisions 14 of Law 11/2015. The Guarantee is also structurally subordinated to 
all indebtedness of subsidiaries of the Guarantor insofar as any right of the Guarantor to receive any assets of such 
companies upon their winding-up will be effectively subordinated to the claims of the creditors of those companies 
in the winding-up. 
In addition, the BRRD and Law 11/2015 (as defined below) contemplate that any liabilities to the Guarantor including 
but not limited to the Guarantee may be subject to the application of the general bail-in tool (see "The taking of any 
action under Law 11/2015 and its developing regulations could materially affect the value of any Notes. The liabilities 
of the Guarantor including the Guarantee may also be subject to loss absorption through their permanent write-down 
and/or conversion into equity" below).  
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is 
currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated 
with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the Notes are traded after their 
initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, 
the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor.  
Although application may be made to the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to its 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on its regulated market, this does not mean that such Notes will be any 
more or less liquid than if such Notes were not listed and there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, 
that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. 
Accordingly, a trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes may not develop or may be illiquid and Holders 
should be prepared to hold the Notes to maturity. 
The Issue Price may be greater than the market value of the Notes 
The Issue Price specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms may be more than the market value of the 
Notes as at the Issue Date, and the price, if any, at which a Dealer or any other person is willing to purchase the Notes 
in secondary market transactions is likely to be lower than the Issue Price. In particular, the Issue Price may take into 
account amounts with respect to commissions relating to the issue and sale of the Notes as well as subscription fees, 
placement fees, direction fees, structuring fees and/or other additional costs as well as amounts relating to the hedging 
of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes, and secondary market prices are likely to exclude such amounts. Any 
difference between the issue price and/or offer price may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes, particularly

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
immediately following the offer and the issue date relating to such Notes, where any such amounts, fees and costs 
may be deducted from the price at which such Notes can be sold by the initial investor in the secondary market. 
Furthermore, if the Notes are offered by the Issuer to the public directly on the secondary market in connection with 
any listing of the Notes ("Direct Listing"), the profit of the Notes for investors may be reduced taking into account 
that the purchase price of the Notes on the secondary market may be different from the Issue Price.  
The Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer prior to maturity at the option of the Issuer or for taxation reasons 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms specifies otherwise, 
in the event that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in 
respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied specifically by or on behalf of Ireland or 
the Kingdom of Spain where the Issuer and Guarantor are incorporated, respectively, and are tax residents of Ireland 
or the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
the Issuer may in certain circumstances redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
In the event that one or more Events of Default (as defined in the Applicable Transaction Terms) occurs, the Notes 
may become immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount. In addition, if "Automatic Early 
Redemption Event" is specified as being applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, on the occurrence of an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event the Notes will be automatically redeemed at their Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount. If an Additional Disruption Event or an Extraordinary Event occurs, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may be 
adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued  
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified Denomination plus 
a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess 
of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of the minimum Specified Denomination. In 
such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding 
without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such 
that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, 
holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be 
printed (or issued)) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount may experience price volatility in response to changes in market 
interest rates  
The market value of Notes which are issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing notes with comparable maturities. 
Exchange rates will affect the calculation of the FX Factor 
The FX Factor, where the Applicable Transaction Terms states that it applies, reflects the performance of the 
Specified Currency and the FX Value Reference Currency (or, where the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
provisions apply, the Base Currency and Subject Currency) during the life of the Notes and will be applied to the 
calculation of certain amounts under the Notes. An investor is therefore directly exposed to the performance of such 
currencies. Where such performance is adverse this may result in an overall loss to an investor. 
Risks in connection with the public offer of the Notes 
If the Notes are distributed by means of a public offer, under certain circumstances indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer and/or the other entities indicated in the applicable Final Terms will have the right to withdraw or 
revoke the offer, and the offer will be deemed to be null and void according to the terms indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer and/or the other entities specified 
in the applicable Final Terms may terminate the offer early by immediate suspension of the acceptance of further 
subscription requests and by giving notice to the public in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. Any such 
termination may occur even where the maximum amount for subscription in relation to that offer (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), has not been reached. In such circumstances, the early closing of the offer may have an

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
impact on the aggregate number of Notes issued and, therefore, may have an adverse effect on the liquidity of the 
Notes. Furthermore, under certain circumstances, the Issuer and/or the other entities indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms will have the right to extend the offer period and/or to postpone the originally designated issue date, and related 
interest payment dates. For the avoidance of doubt, this right applies also in the event that the Issuer publishes a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Investors should be aware that potential conflicts of interest may arise in connection with the Notes, as any distributors 
or other entities involved in the offer and/or the listing of the Notes as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, will 
act pursuant to a mandate granted by the Issuer and can receive commissions and/or fees on the basis of the services 
performed in relation to such offer and/or listing. 
In the case of Direct Listing, potential conflicts of interests may arise between the role of the Issuer as offeror and the 
role of: (i) the Issuer itself; and/or (ii) other entities of the Group; and/or (iii) other intermediaries, when the Issuer 
and/or the other entities of the Group and/or other intermediaries are performing the relevant investment service in 
relation to the Notes. 
Risks relating to the Commissioner 
Prospective investors should note that the Commissioner (which owes certain obligations to the Syndicate of Holders 
of Instruments) may be appointed by the Issuer in respect of certain issues of Notes and that it may be an employee 
or officer of the Issuer. 
2. 
Risk Factors Relating to Reference Item Linked Notes 
Investors may lose some or all of the original investment amount 
The amount payable to Holders on redemption of the Reference Item Linked Notes may be less than the principal 
amount invested by them in the Reference Item Linked Notes and may in certain circumstances be zero. 
In order to realise a return upon an investment in the Reference Item Linked Notes, an investor must have correctly 
anticipated the timing and magnitude of an anticipated increase or the absence of a decrease in the value of the 
Reference Item Linked Notes relative to the Issue Price and must also be correct about when any change will occur. 
If the value of the Reference Item Linked Notes does not increase, or decrease, as the case may be, before such 
Reference Item Linked Notes are redeemed, part of the investor's investment in such Reference Item Linked Notes 
may be lost on such redemption. Other than in respect of Reference Item Linked Notes which are redeemable prior 
to the Maturity Date at the option of the Noteholder, the only means by which a Noteholder can realise value from its 
Reference Item Linked Notes prior to their Maturity Date is to sell such Reference Item Linked Notes at their then 
market price in the secondary market (if available) (see "Illiquidity of the Secondary Market" below).   
Notes that are linked to a reference item and/or the obligations of a Reference Entity (as defined below) may be 
principal (or capital) protected or non-principal (or capital) protected at maturity. Investors in Notes which are not 
principal (or capital) protected may risk losing their entire investment (including the loss of any transaction costs paid 
by the investor) if the value of the reference item and/or obligation of a Reference Entity does not move in the 
anticipated direction. If the Notes are specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as having a minimum redemption 
amount, such Notes are principal (or capital) protected at maturity only and only to such extent. If Notes are redeemed 
or sold before their scheduled maturity or expiration, they may return less than the minimum redemption amount, the 
amount invested or even zero. In addition amounts payable may be subject to deductions for taxes or expenses. 
Investors should note that certain Notes linked to the performance of the reference items or obligations of the 
Reference Entity, as the case may be, may not benefit from a minimum redemption amount or minimum cash 
settlement amount and investors may receive a cash amount the value of which may be less than the initial investment 
amount of the Notes and investors are exposed to the full loss of their investment (including the loss of any transaction 
costs paid by the investor). 
Fluctuations in the value of the relevant underlying will affect the value of Reference Item Linked Notes 
Fluctuations in the value of the relevant index or basket of indices (including the prices of securities included in an 
index or basket of indices) will affect the value of single index notes and basket of indices notes. In addition, 
fluctuations in the price of the relevant equity security or value of the basket of equity securities will affect the value 
of single equity notes and basket of equity notes. In both these cases and in the case of currency linked notes, 
fluctuations in the value of the currency or currencies in or to which the Reference Item Linked Notes or the 
underlying securities or index are denominated or linked will also affect the value of such Reference Item Linked 
Notes. Also, due to the character of the particular markets on which most equity securities are traded, the absence of

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
last sale information and the limited availability of quotations for such equity securities may make it difficult for 
many investors to obtain timely, accurate data for the price or yield of such equity securities. 
The terms and conditions of the Reference Item Linked Notes generally may include adjustment and early redemption 
provisions and other terms which along with general market conditions and the financial condition of the underlying 
reference entity may affect the amounts due and payable under such Reference Item Linked Notes and/or their 
Maturity Date. In these cases the Reference Item Linked Notes may be affected and may, in some cases, result in the 
Reference Item Linked Notes being redeemed early which may negatively impact the return to investors.  
Many factors may adversely affect the value and trading price of Reference Item Linked Notes 
Reference Item Linked Notes pose risks with regard to interim value. The interim value of the Reference Item Linked 
Notes varies with the price and is affected by a number of factors, many of which are beyond the Issuer's control, 
including but not limited to: 
(i) 
market interest rates; 
(ii) 
fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
(iii) 
the liquidity of the Reference Item Linked Notes or any reference item(s) in the secondary market; 
(iv) 
the time remaining to any redemption date or the maturity date; and 
(v) 
economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting capital 
markets generally and the stock exchange(s) on which the Reference Item Linked Notes may be traded. 
The effects of one or a combination of these factors may mean that a Noteholder will not be able to sell any Reference 
Item Linked Notes prior to maturity at a price equal to or greater than the market value of the Reference Item Linked 
Notes on the Issue Date and such Holder may only be able to sell Reference Item Linked Notes at a discount, which 
may be substantial. 
The Calculation Agent may exercise broad discretion and may take action which affects the relevant underlying 
reference item and/or the value of Reference Item Linked Notes 
Investors should note that, in exercising its duties in relation to Reference Item Linked Notes, the Calculation Agent 
may exercise considerable discretion in relation to certain matters which may affect amounts due and payable under 
the Reference Item Linked Notes and/or their Maturity Date including (without limitation) the replacement of an 
underlying index, share or other asset and/or modification of amounts otherwise payable on redemption or 
determining the closing price and/or potential early redemption of the Reference Item Linked Notes.  
The Calculation Agent may make such adjustments as it considers appropriate as a consequence of certain corporate 
actions affecting the relevant underlying share or index. In making these adjustments, the Calculation Agent is entitled 
to exercise substantial discretion and may be subject to conflicts of interest, including the conflicts of interest 
highlighted above, in exercising this discretion.  
Illiquidity of the Secondary Market 
There may be no secondary market for the Reference Item Linked Notes. If a secondary market does exist, it may be 
illiquid and investors may find it difficult to trade the Reference Item Linked Notes. The number of Reference Item 
Linked Notes of any Series may be relatively small, further adversely affecting the liquidity of such Reference Item 
Linked Notes.  
Noteholders will not obtain any rights of ownership in the Reference Item(s) 
Purchasers of Notes should be aware that the Issuer is under no obligation to hold a position in any Reference Item(s) 
and should note that the relevant Reference Item(s) that may be held by the Issuer will not be held by the Issuer for 
the benefit of the purchasers of such Notes and, as such, Noteholders will not obtain any rights of ownership, 
including, without limitation, any voting rights, any rights to receive dividends or other distributions or any other 
rights with respect to any Reference Item referenced by such Notes. 
The past performance of a Reference Item is not indicative of future performance 
There is a risk that Reference Items perform differently than in the past and consequently any information about the 
past performance of the Reference Item at the time of the issuance of the Notes should not be regarded as indicative 
of the range of, or trends in, fluctuations in the Reference Item that may occur in the future.

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
Hedging activities may affect the market price, liquidity or value of Reference Item Linked Notes 
In connection with the offering of the Reference Item Linked Notes, the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any of its 
affiliates may enter into one or more hedging transactions with respect to any potential reference item(s) or related 
derivatives. In connection with such hedging activities or with respect to proprietary or other trading activities by the 
Issuer and/or any of its affiliates, the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any of its affiliates may enter into transactions in 
the reference item(s) or related derivatives which may, but are not intended to, affect the market price, liquidity or 
value of the Reference Item Linked Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interest of the relevant 
Noteholders. 
Hedging transactions by the Issuer may affect the return on Reference Item Linked Notes 
The Issuer may use a portion or all of the total proceeds from the issue of the Notes for transactions to hedge the risks 
of the Issuer relating to Reference Item Linked Notes. In such case, the Issuer may conclude transactions that 
correspond to the obligations of the Issuer under the Reference Item Linked Notes. As a rule, such transactions are 
concluded prior to or on the Issue Date, but it is also possible to conclude such transactions after issue of the Reference 
Item Linked Notes. On or before a valuation date or delivery date, the Issuer or its affiliates may take the steps 
necessary for closing out any hedging transactions. The price, level or value of a relevant underlying security, index 
or other underlying, or the portfolio of which a share, index or other underlying forms a part, may be influenced by 
such transactions. Entering into or closing out these hedging transactions may also influence the probability of 
occurrence or non-occurrence of determining events in the case of Reference Item Linked Notes with a value based 
on the occurrence of a certain event in relation to a relevant underlying security, index or other underlying, or the 
portfolio of which a share or index forms a part, which may in turn adversely affect the return (if any) received by 
investors. 
In addition, the Calculation Agent may make the determinations and adjustments to the Reference Item Linked Notes 
and/or their Maturity Date including (without limitation) the replacement of an underlying index, share or other asset, 
modification of amounts otherwise payable on redemption or determining the closing price and/or potential early 
redemption of the Reference Item Linked Notes and any such adjustments deemed necessary as a consequence of 
certain corporate actions affecting the relevant underlying share or index provided or actions taken by financial 
institutions or dealers dealing with other financial instruments linked to the relevant underlying reference item 
including for the avoidance of doubt those applied and made by calculation agents of any hedging transactions that 
the Issuer and/or the Guarantor have entered into with financial counterparties in relation to hedging their respective 
risks resulting from the issuance of the Notes and under the Guarantee. Such financial intermediaries (which may be 
a calculation agent of such hedging transactions) may exercise considerable discretion in relation to these matters and 
adjustments and may be subject to conflict of interests, including the conflict of interest in exercising such discretion 
and may affect the price, level or value of the relevant underlying reference item and/or the value of the Reference 
Item Linked Notes. 
Conflicts of interest between the Issuer, the Guarantor and its affiliates and the Noteholders 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and its affiliates may: 
(i) 
engage in trading and market-making activities and hold long or short positions in the relevant reference 
item(s) and other instruments or derivative products based on or related to the relevant reference item(s) for 
their proprietary accounts or for other accounts under their management; 
(ii) 
issue Reference Item Linked Notes in respect of the relevant reference item(s) which are securities, or issue 
derivative instruments in respect thereof; 
(iii) 
serve as issuer, agent, manager or underwriter of such securities or other instruments; 
(iv) 
act as underwriter in connection with future offerings of securities which comprise the reference items; and 
(v) 
act as financial advisers to certain underlying companies or reference entities.  
The Issuer's, the Guarantor's and its affiliates' interests with respect to such securities, instruments and products may 
be adverse to those of the Noteholders and such activities could present certain conflicts of interest, could influence 
the prices of such reference items and could adversely affect the value of the Reference Item Linked Notes. Potential 
conflicts of interest may also arise in connection with an issue of Notes, as any distributors or other entities involved 
in the offer and/or the listing of such Notes, will act pursuant to a mandate granted by the Issuer and can receive 
commissions and/or fees on the basis of the services performed in relation to such offer and/or listing.

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
Additionally, if acting as calculation agent for Equity Linked Notes linked to one or more securities or indices, the 
Guarantor or the Issuer will determine the payout to the investor at maturity. The Issuer, the Guarantor and their 
affiliates may also carry out hedging activities related to any Equity Linked Notes linked to one or more securities or 
indices, including trading in the underlying securities and/or indices, as well as in other instruments related to the 
underlying securities and/or indices. The Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates may also trade the applicable 
underlying securities and/or indices and other financial instruments related to the underlying securities and/or indices 
on a regular basis as part of their general broker-dealer and other businesses. Any of these activities could influence 
the Calculation Agent's determination of adjustments made to any Equity Linked Notes linked to one or more 
securities and/or indices and any such trading activity could potentially affect the price, level or value of the 
underlying securities and/or indices, accordingly, could affect the investor's payout on any Equity Linked Notes. 
3. 
Risks Relating to Specific Types of Reference Item Linked Notes 
Risks Relating to Equity Linked Notes 
Investors have no shareholder rights 
As an owner of Equity Linked Notes, investors will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends, interest or 
other distributions, as applicable, or any other rights with respect to any underlying security or index. 
Risk of automatic early redemption in respect of Equity Linked Notes 
In relation to certain Equity Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes will be automatically redeemed prior to their maturity 
if certain conditions specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms are met. Notes of this type have an 
uncertain maturity date. Where such Notes are redeemed prior to their scheduled maturity date, investors may not be 
able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the 
equivalent Equity Linked Notes. 
Investors are exposed to certain key risks, including a loss of all or a substantial portion of their investment 
An investment in Equity Linked entails certain risks as set out below, which may vary depending on the specification 
and type or structure of the Equity Linked. Potential investors in Equity Linked should be aware that: 
(a) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal or investment, depending on the performance of 
each relevant underlying security or index; 
(b) 
the market price of such Equity Linked may be very volatile; 
(c) 
investors in Equity Linked Notes may receive no interest; 
(d) 
a relevant underlying security or index may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in securities prices, indices or inflation indices; 
(e) 
any Dividend Index may carry additional specific risks not associated with a normal share index, in particular 
since such index will relate to dividend payments, if any, of relevant reference shares, instead of share prices; 
(f) 
if a relevant underlying security or index is applied to Equity Linked Notes in conjunction with a multiplier 
greater than one or contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the relevant underlying 
security or index on principal or interest payable on such Equity Linked Notes is likely to be magnified; and 
(g) 
the timing of changes in a relevant underlying security or index may affect the actual yield to investors, even 
if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant 
underlying security or index, the greater the effect on yield. 
Equity Linked Notes are not ordinary debt securities 
The term of Equity Linked differ from those of ordinary debt securities because the Equity Linked Notes may not 
pay interest on maturity, depending on the performance of the relevant underlying security or notes or may return less 
than the amount invested or nothing. The price of Equity Linked Notes may fall in value as rapidly as it may rise, and 
investors in Equity Linked Notes may potentially lose all of their investment. 
Prospective investors should refer to the "Investment Considerations" section and in particular the section therein 
entitled "Considerations relating to whether an investment in Equity Linked Notes is suitable for a particular 
investor".

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
The value of Equity Linked Notes may be substantially reduced by unpredictable factors 
The value of the Equity Linked Notes may be substantially reduced by several factors beyond the Issuer's and the 
Guarantor's control including: 
1. 
Valuation of the relevant underlying security or index. The market price or value of an Equity Linked Note 
at any time is expected to be affected primarily by changes in the price, level or value of the relevant 
underlying security or index to which the Equity Linked Notes are linked. It is impossible to predict how the 
price, level or value of the relevant underlying security or index will vary over time. The historical 
performance value (if any) of the relevant underlying security or index does not indicate the future 
performance of the relevant underlying security or index. Factors which may have an effect on the price, 
level or value of the relevant underlying security or index include the rate of return of the relevant underlying 
security or index and, where relevant, the financial position and prospects of the issuer of the relevant 
underlying security or index, the market price, level or value of the applicable underlying security or index. 
In addition, the price, level or value of the relevant underlying security or index may depend on a number of 
inter-related factors, including economic, financial and political events and their effect on the capital markets 
generally and relevant stock exchanges. Potential investors should also note that while the value of the Equity 
Linked Notes is linked to the relevant underlying security or index and will be influenced (positively or 
negatively) by the relevant underlying security or index, any change may not be comparable and may be 
disproportionate. It is possible that while the relevant underlying security or index is increasing in value, the 
value of the Equity Linked Notes fall. Further, the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Equity Linked 
Notes will allow the Calculation Agent to make adjustments or take any other appropriate action if 
circumstances occur where the Equity Linked Notes or any exchanges or price sources are affected by market 
disruption, adjustment events or circumstances affecting normal activities; 
2. 
Volatility. The term "volatility" refers to the actual and anticipated frequency and magnitude of changes of 
the market price, level or value with respect to a relevant underlying security or index. Volatility is affected 
by a number of factors, such as macroeconomic factors (i.e. those economic factors which have broad 
economic effects), speculative trading and supply and demand in the options, futures and other derivatives 
markets. Volatility of a relevant underlying security or index will move up and down over time (sometimes 
more sharply than at other times) and different relevant underlying security or index will most likely have 
separate volatilities at any particular time; 
3. 
Dividend rates and other distributions. The value of certain Equity Linked Notes could, in certain 
circumstances, be affected by fluctuations in the actual or anticipated rates of dividend (if any) or other 
distributions on a relevant underlying security; 
4. 
Interest rates. Investments in the Equity Linked Notes may involve interest rate risk. The interest rate level 
may fluctuate on a daily basis and cause the value of the Equity Linked Notes to change on a daily basis. 
The interest rate risk is a result of the uncertainty with respect to future changes of the market interest rate 
level. In general, the effects of this risk increase as the market interest rates increase; 
5. 
Remaining term. Generally, the effect of pricing factors over the term of Equity Linked Notes  will decrease 
as the maturity, date approaches. However, this reduction in the effect of pricing factors will not necessarily 
develop consistently up until the maturity date, but may undergo temporary acceleration and/or deceleration. 
Even if the price, level or value of the relevant underlying share or index rises or falls there may be a 
reduction or increase, as the case may be, in the value of Equity Linked Notes due to the other value 
determining factors. Given that the term of Equity Linked Notes is limited, investors cannot rely on the price, 
level or value of the relevant underlying share or index or the value of the Equity Linked Notes recovering 
again prior to maturity; 
6. 
Creditworthiness. Investors are relying upon the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the Guarantor and have 
no rights against any other person. If the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes insolvent, investors may suffer 
potential loss of their entire investment irrespective of any favourable development of the other value 
determining factors, such as a relevant underlying share or index; and 
7. 
Exchange Rates. The value of Equity Linked Notes could, in certain circumstances, be affected by such 
factors as fluctuations in the rates of exchange between any currency in which any payment in respect of the 
Equity Linked Notes is to be made and any currency in which a relevant underlying share or index is traded, 
appreciation or depreciation of any such currencies and any existing or future or governmental or other 
restrictions on the exchangeability of such currencies. Rates of exchange between any relevant currencies 
which are current rates at the date of issue of the Equity Linked Notes may not be representative of the 
relevant rates of exchange used in computing the value of the Equity Linked Notes at any time thereafter.

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
Some or all of the above factors will influence the price that investors will receive if an investor sells its Equity Linked 
Notes prior to maturity. Investors may have to sell certain Equity Linked Notes at a substantial discount from the 
principal amount or investment amount if the market price, level or value of the applicable relevant underlying share 
or index is at, below, or not sufficiently above the initial market price, level or value or if market interest rates rise. 
The secondary market price of the Equity Linked Notes may be lower than the market value of the issued Equity 
Linked Notes as at the Issue Date to take into account, among other things, amounts paid to distributors and other 
intermediaries relating to the issue and sale of the Equity Linked Notes and amounts relating to the hedging of the 
Issuer's obligations. As a result of all of these factors, any investor that sells the Equity Linked Notes before the stated 
expiration or maturity date, may receive an amount in the secondary market which may be less than the then intrinsic 
market value of the Equity Linked Notes and which may also be less than the amount the investor would have received 
had the investor held the Equity Linked through to maturity. 
Market Disruption Events and Disrupted Days may result in adjustments and/or early redemption of Notes 
The Calculation Agent may determine that a Market Disruption Event or a failure to open of an Exchange or Related 
Exchange has occurred or exists on a relevant date of valuation, and any consequential postponement of such date of 
valuation may have an adverse effect on the value of the Equity Linked Notes. 
In addition, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments deemed necessary to Equity Linked Notes to account for 
relevant adjustments or events in relation to the relevant underlying share or index including, but not limited to, 
determining a successor to the relevant underlying share or index or its sponsor (in the case of an index).  
In addition, in certain circumstances, the Issuer may redeem the Equity Linked Notes prior to the Maturity Date 
following any such event. In this case, in relation to each Equity Linked Note, the Issuer will pay an amount, if any, 
determined as provided in the Terms and Conditions. 
There may be correlation risk in the use of Equity Linked Notes as hedging instruments 
Any person intending to use Equity Linked Notes as a hedging instrument should recognise the "correlation risk" of 
doing this. Correlation risk is the potential differences in exposure for a potential investor that may arise from the 
ownership of more than one financial instrument. Equity Linked Notes may not hedge exactly a relevant underlying 
security or index or portfolio of which a relevant security or index forms a part. In addition, it may not be possible to 
liquidate Equity Linked Notes at a price which directly reflects the price, level or value of the relevant underlying 
security or index or portfolio of which a share or index forms part. Potential investors should not rely on the ability 
to conclude transactions during the term of the Equity Linked Notes to offset or limit the relevant risks. This depends 
on the market situation and the specific relevant underlying security or index conditions. It is possible that such 
transactions will only be concluded at an unfavourable market price, resulting in a corresponding loss for the 
Noteholder. 
There are additional risks in relation to Equity Linked Notes linked to a single emerging market security, a single 
emerging market index, or a basket of securities or a basket of indices composed, in part or in whole, of emerging 
market securities or indices 
Fluctuations in the trading prices of the underlying emerging market equity will affect the value of Equity Linked 
Notes. Changes may result over time from the interaction of many factors directly or indirectly affecting economic 
and political conditions in the related countries or member nations, including economic and political developments 
in other countries. Of particular importance to potential risks are: (i) rates of inflation; (ii) interest rate levels; (iii) 
balance of payments; and (iv) the extent of governmental surpluses or deficits in the relevant country. All of these 
factors are, in turn, sensitive to the monetary, fiscal and trade policies pursued by the related countries, the 
governments of the related countries and member nations (if any), and other countries important to international trade 
and finance. Government intervention could materially and adversely affect the value of such Equity Notes. 
Governments use a variety of techniques, such as intervention by their central bank or imposition of regulatory 
controls or taxes to affect the trading of the underlying equity. Thus, a special risk in purchasing such Equity Linked 
Notes is that their trading value and amount payable at maturity could be affected by the actions of governments, 
fluctuations in response to other market forces and the movement of currencies across borders. Emerging markets 
stocks may be more volatile than the stocks in more developed markets. 
Liquidity may affect the pricing of the relevant underlying security or index on Equity Linked Notes 
The Issuer's and its affiliates' hedging costs tend to be higher the less liquidity the relevant underlying security or 
index has or the greater the difference between the "buy" and "sell" prices for the relevant underlying security or 
index or derivatives contracts referenced to the relevant underlying security or index. When quoting prices for Equity 
Linked Notes, the Issuer will factor in such hedging costs and will pass them on to the Noteholders by incorporating 
them into the "buy" and "sell" prices. Thus, Noteholders selling their Equity Linked Notes on an exchange or on the

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
over-the-counter market may be doing so at a price that is substantially lower than the actual value of the Equity 
Linked Notes at the time of sale. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may deal with underlying companies but do not control them 
The Issuer or the Guarantor or their respective subsidiaries may presently or from time to time engage in business 
with any underlying company, including entering into loans with, or making equity investments in, the underlying 
company or its affiliates or subsidiaries or providing investment advisory services to the underlying company, 
including merger and acquisition advisory services. Moreover, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has the ability to 
control or predict the actions of the underlying company or index publisher, including any actions, or reconstitution 
of index components, of the type that would require the calculation agent to adjust the payout to the investor at 
maturity.   
Fluctuations in the value of components of underlying securities or indices may be offset by other fluctuations and 
there may be exchange rate risk 
Fluctuations in the value of any one component of the relevant underlying security or index may, where applicable, 
be offset or intensified by fluctuations in the value of other components. Where the value of the components of the 
relevant underlying security or index is determined in a different currency to the value of the relevant underlying 
security or index, investors may be exposed to exchange rate risk. 
Exchange rates and exchange controls may affect the value or return of the Equity Linked Notes 
Investors in an Equity Linked Note denominated in, or the return on which is linked to value for a relevant underlying 
security or index denominated in currencies other than an investor's home currency are exposed to the risk of 
significant changes in rates of exchange between its home currency and the other relevant currencies and the 
possibility of the imposition or modification of exchange controls by the relevant governmental authorities. These 
risks generally depend on economic and political events over which the Issuer has no control. Depreciation against 
the investor's home currency or the currency of the return on an Equity Linked Note would result in a decrease in the 
effective yield of the Equity Linked Note below its coupon rate and could result in an overall loss to an investor on 
the basis of the investor's home currency. 
Risks relating to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes 
Investors may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or 
delivery of assets may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected and (iii) they may lose a 
substantial portion or all of their investment. In addition, movements in currency exchange rates may be subject to 
significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates or other indices and the timing of changes 
in the exchange rates may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their 
expectations. In general, the earlier the change in currency exchange rates, the greater the effect on yield. 
Movements in the foreign exchange rate(s) to which the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes are linked may 
adversely affect the value of and return on the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon movements in 
currency exchange rates or are payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which 
the Notes are denominated ("Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes"). Accordingly an investment in Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct foreign exchange investment. 
The foreign exchange rate(s) to which the Notes are linked will affect the nature and value of the investment return 
on the Notes. The performance of foreign exchange rates are dependent upon the supply and demand for currencies 
in the international foreign exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, including inflation rates in the 
countries concerned, interest rate differences between the respective countries, economic forecasts, international 
political factors, currency convertibility and safety of making financial investments in the currency concerned, 
speculation and measures taken by governments and central banks. Such measures include, without limitation, 
imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency to replace an existing currency, alteration of 
the exchange rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a currency or imposition of exchange 
controls with respect to the exchange or transfer of a specified currency that would affect exchange rates and the 
availability of a specified currency. Where the Notes are linked to the currency of an emerging market jurisdiction, 
such risks may be magnified – see "Risks in relation to emerging market currencies" below.

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates and are 
determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect 
of changes in the currency exchange rates on principal or interest payable will be magnified.  
The occurrence of disruption events may result in the restriction or variation of payments and other obligations under 
the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes 
Payments of principal and interest or other obligations of the Issuer in respect of any Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Notes may be restricted or varied upon the occurrence of certain disruption events applicable to the Notes. A 
relevant disruption event for an exchange rate may relate to the inability to obtain a price for the exchange rate from 
the applicable price source(s), illiquidity, the split of any relevant currency into a dual exchange rate, inconvertibility, 
non-transferability, a material change in circumstances in the jurisdiction of the Subject Currency that makes it 
impossible to fulfil certain hedging arrangements, a nationalisation or variations in the prices quoted for the exchange 
on different sources being greater than a specified percentage threshold (or not quoted for by members of a survey 
used to determine such source) if specified for that rate in the terms and conditions of the Notes and/or the Applicable 
Transaction Terms.   
Following a relevant disruption event, the applicable valuation date may be postponed so long as the relevant 
disruption event continues, the Calculation Agent may determine the applicable exchange rate, the Notes may be 
redeemed early (or on the originally designated date) by payment of the applicable early redemption amount rather 
than any amount that would have otherwise been calculated in respect of and due on the relevant date, the related date 
for payment or delivery may be deferred so long as the relevant disruption event continues or a fallback reference 
price source or sources may be used to calculate the rate instead of the originally designated price source. 
Consequently, investors are exposed to the risk of an adverse effect on (i) the value of, and/or amounts due in respect 
of, the Notes due to the occurrence of any disruption event and application of the related disruption fallback(s); or 
(ii) an investor's investment schedule, timetable or plans if any due date for payment and/or delivery under the Notes 
is postponed as a consequence of a disruption event. 
Risks in relation to emerging market currencies 
Where the Notes are denominated in an emerging market currency or linked to one or more emerging market currency, 
amounts determined to be due or deliverable in respect of such Notes may be significantly more volatile and subject 
to less certainty as to future rates than if the Notes were linked to currencies of more developed markets. For example, 
emerging markets' currencies are highly exposed to the risk of a currency crisis occurring in the future. 
In particular, policies or actions of any relevant governments of the jurisdictions of the Subject Currencies and Base 
Currencies (the "Currency Jurisdictions") could adversely affect the relevant exchange rate(s) (such as through 
market interventions of their central banks or equivalent bodies; governmental action which changes or interferes 
with currency valuations or currency fluctuations that would otherwise occur in response to economic forces; and 
restrictions on foreign investment and currency convertibility or movement across borders). Non-governmental action 
may also directly or indirectly adversely affect the relevant exchange rates (such as through weak overall growth and 
performance of each applicable Currency Jurisdiction's economy and stock exchanges; political, economic and social 
uncertainty, including risks of nationalisation and expropriation of assets and natural disasters; or wars which affect 
any Currency Jurisdiction directly or indirectly). 
Investors should note that the risk of occurrence and the severity of consequence of the matters described above may 
be greater with respect to any emerging market jurisdiction than they otherwise would be in relation to more 
developed countries. Economies in emerging markets are generally more heavily dependent upon international trade, 
and accordingly, may be affected adversely by trade barriers, foreign exchange controls (including taxes), managed 
adjustments in relative currency values and other protectionist measures imposed or negotiated with countries with 
which they trade.  
The occurrence of any of the above circumstances may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes and amounts 
due or the date for payment thereunder. 
4. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing any 
such "benchmarks"  
A number of interest rates and other published values, indices which are "benchmarks", (including, the London 
interbank offered rate (“LIBOR”) and the euro interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR") and other types of indices such 
as indices comprised of interest rates, equities, funds, foreign exchange rates and combinations thereof) has been the 
subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark.   
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and mostly applied, 
subject to certain transitional provisions, from 1 January 2018 (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended, including 
by Regulation (EU) 2021/168, the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the 
provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to 
be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities (such as the Guarantor) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, 
if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) among other things, applies to the 
provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA 
register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact 
on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark 
are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or 
otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. More broadly, any of the 
international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs 
and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements.  
In addition to so-called "critical benchmark" indices, such as LIBOR and EURIBOR, other interest rates, foreign 
exchange rates, and indices, including equity, commodity and "proprietary" indices or strategies, will in most cases 
be within scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, as 
"benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount payable under, or the value of, certain financial 
instruments (including securities listed on an EU or UK regulated market, EU or UK multilateral trading facility, EU 
or UK organised trading facility or via a systematic internaliser). The sustainability of LIBOR was questioned as a 
result of the absence of relevant active underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result 
of benchmark reforms) for market participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks and similarly, EURIBOR 
is undergoing reforms. 
Amongst other developments, relevant authorities have identified "risk free rates" to eventually take the place of 
Interbank Offered Rates ("IBORs") as primary benchmarks. This includes (i) for sterling LIBOR, a reformed Sterling 
Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), so that SONIA has been established as the primary sterling interest rate 
benchmark, (ii) for EONIA and EURIBOR, a new Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR") as the new euro risk free rate, 
and (iii) for USD LIBOR, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") has been established as the primary U.S. 
dollar interest rate benchmark. The risk free rates have a different methodology and other important differences from 
the IBORs they will eventually replace and have little, if any, historical track record and may be subject to changes 
in their methodology. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any 
of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other 
initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, 
referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. In addition, under the terms of the Notes 
a General Administrator/Benchmark Event may arise if any of the following circumstances occurs or will occur: (1) 
a benchmark is materially changed or cancelled, (2)(i) the relevant authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in respect of the benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the 
benchmark is not obtained, (ii) an application for authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is rejected or (iii) any authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is suspended or inclusion in any official register is withdrawn or (3) 
it is not commercially reasonable to continue use of the benchmark due to licensing restrictions or increased licence 
costs or (4) a regulatory supervisor announces the benchmark is no longer, or as of a specified future date, will no 
longer 
be, 
representative 
of 
any 
relevant 
underlying 
market(s). 
The 
occurrence 
of 
a 
General 
Administrator/Benchmark Event may cause the Issuer to adjust the terms and conditions of the Notes or early redeem 
the Notes. 
The Issuer has a wide discretion in making any adjustments following a General Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
Such adjustments may include selecting one or more successor benchmarks and making related adjustments to the

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
Notes, including the application of an adjustment spread and, if applicable, adjustments to reflect increased costs. 
Such adjustments may result in payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the 
payments that would have been made on the Notes if the original rate had continued to be published in its original 
form and used for the purposes of the Notes.  
It is possible that a General Administrator/Benchmark Event or details of it are announced significantly in advance 
of action being appropriate in relation to the relevant Notes. The Issuer is only obliged to notify investors once it has 
determined the action to be taken as a result of the relevant event. 
As from 1 January, 2022 most of LIBOR settings have ceased or become unrepresentative, although a longer period 
has been allowed for the 1, 3 and 6 month tenors of the remaining US dollar or Japanese yen LIBOR settings, which 
will cease after 30 June 2023. 
Whilst fallback provisions in respect of the Notes may have been triggered prior to the Issue Date, the effective date 
and consequences of such fallbacks as applied by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent may not take effect until 
significantly after the date of such announcements. Investors should ensure that they read the fallback provisions 
applicable to their particular Notes and the related risk factors in light of this possibility. 
Reference Rate Event  
A Reference Rate Event may arise if, among other things, any of the following circumstances occurs or will occur: 
(1) a benchmark is materially changed or cancelled or its use is prohibited, or (2)(i) any authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in respect of the benchmark or the administrator or 
sponsor of the benchmark is not obtained, is rejected or refused or is withdrawn or suspended, (ii) the benchmark or 
the administrator or sponsor of the benchmark is not included in or is removed from an official register or does not 
fulfil any required legal or regulatory requirement, (iii) there is an official announcement that the administrator of the 
relevant benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide such Reference Rate and there is no successor administrator, 
(iv) the relevant benchmark is no longer representative or, as of a future specified date, will no longer be representative 
of any relevant underlying market and economic reality that it is intended to measure or (v) any event which otherwise 
constitutes an “index cessation event”.  
For any Notes that use a Reference Rate and where ISDA Determination applies, the Priority Fallback following a 
Reference Rate Event may refer to actions that would be taken for a Floating Rate under an interest rate swap 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions. Supplement 70 to the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the "ISDA IBOR Fallbacks 
Supplement") includes fallbacks which will replace any Floating Rate that is a Relevant IBOR in circumstances 
broadly similar to a Reference Rate Event: in broad terms a permanent cessation of that Relevant IBOR and, for 
LIBOR floating rates, an announcement that such Relevant IBOR is no longer representative. The ISDA IBOR 
Fallbacks Supplement also includes fallbacks in the event that a Relevant IBOR is temporarily unavailable. "Relevant 
IBORs" include EURIBOR, TIBOR, BBSW, CDOR, SOR, and THBFIX. Once the relevant trigger event takes 
effect, the Floating Rate will fall back to a term adjusted risk-free rate for the relevant currency plus a spread. It 
should be noted that the ISDA IBORs Fallbacks Supplement will not cover all possible Floating Rates and this risk 
factor should be read accordingly. 
Potential investors in any Notes that reference a Reference Rate should be aware that if one of more Priority 
Fallback(s) are specified in the definition of the relevant Floating Rate Option, then if a Reference Rate Cessation has 
occurred, where ISDA Determination applies the fallbacks in the ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Supplement shall apply, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that (i) such application and/or any related adjustments would not achieve a 
commercially reasonable result for either the Issuer or the Noteholders, or (ii) it would be impracticable to apply the 
Priority Fallback(s) and/or to make any adjustments to the Conditions, in which case the alternative fallback 
provisions set out in the Conditions shall apply. 
In the event that one particular tenor of a Relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued or, becomes non-representative, 
then for so long as there is a longer and a shorter tenor still available, no trigger event will occur. Instead, the Floating 
Rate will be determined by interpolating between the next shortest and next longest tenors. If there are no shorter or 
no longer tenors available, then the rate will fall back to a term-adjusted risk-free rate plus a spread. 
Any of these fallback provisions may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate 
over time with, the payments that would have been made under the Notes if the previous rate had continued being 
published in its current form. Whilst IBORs are forward-looking term rates that embed bank credit risk, risk-free rates 
are overnight rates, in their term versions are normally compounded in arrears as backward-looking rates and are 
intended to be nearly risk-free. As such, investors should be aware that the fallback rates that will apply following a 
trigger event under the ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Supplement may behave materially differently as interest reference 
rates for the Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
The absence of bank credit risk in the risk-free-rates may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. The ISDA 
IBOR Fallbacks Supplement provides that the applicable risk-free-rates will be term-adjusted and there will be an 
adjustment spread applied which may be positive, negative or zero. This is intended to reduce any transfer of 
economic value due to the absence of a bank credit risk premium in the replacement risk-free-rate. However, if such 
adjustment spread is negative, it will mean a lower rate of interest is payable. Even where such adjustment spread is 
positive, there can be no assurance that the adjustment spread will fully mitigate the transfer of economic value 
between the Issuer and Noteholders and the adjustment spread is not intended, or able, to replicate the dynamic bank 
credit risk premium embedded in an IBOR. 
Following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event, where fallbacks based on the ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Supplement 
do not apply, the Calculation Agent will seek to determine (i) a replacement reference rate and (ii) the related 
adjustment spread required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of 
economic value from the Issuer to the Noteholders (or vice versa) that would otherwise arise as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the replacement reference rate. If it determines the replacement reference rate 
and related adjustment spread, it may also determine such other amendments which it considers necessary or 
appropriate in order to replace the Reference Rate with the replacement reference rate and the terms and conditions 
shall be amended as of the cut-off date, being (A) the later of the date on which the Reference Rate ceases or becomes 
non-representative or 60 business days following the date of the relevant announcement or publication or (B) the later 
of the Issue Date and either (I) 60 business days following the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that 
the relevant event has occurred or (II) the date on which any material change or prohibition of use of the Reference 
Rate becomes effective or the date following any non-approval, rejection or suspension of any authorisation, 
registration or similar requirement on which the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity would not be 
permitted to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes, as applicable. 
Any replacement reference rate shall be either a pre-nominated reference rate specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms or, if no such rate is specified, either (a) a replacement reference rate which is formally designated by a relevant 
central bank or other supervisory authority or the administrator of the Reference Rate or (b) a replacement reference 
rate that the Calculation Agent determines has been recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
derivative transactions which reference such Reference Rate, or (c) if the Calculation Agent determines that there is 
no such rate, any other replacement reference rate which it determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative. 
Any such replacement reference rate may be a “risk free rate”. If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not 
possible or commercially reasonable to identify a replacement reference rate and/or adjustment spread and related 
amendments or to make required amendments following a Benchmark Modification or if it is or would be unlawful 
or contrary to any applicable licence for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to perform the relevant actions or an 
adjustment spread would subject the Issuer or Calculation Agent to material additional regulatory obligations or any 
required adjustments would not achieve a commercially reasonable result for the Issuer or the Noteholders, in each 
case, prior to the cut-off date, the Issuer shall early redeem the Notes. 
Following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event but prior to the cut-off date, the Reference Rate may continue to 
be used for the purposes of the Notes if it is still available and representative of the underlying market and economic 
reality it is intended to measure and the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is permitted to perform its 
obligations in respect of the Notes. Otherwise, the level of the Reference Rate will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent either by reference to a previously published level or by reference to an industry standard or other commercially 
reasonable rate, index or benchmark determined by the Calculation Agent. 
When making any amendments following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event, the Calculation Agent may 
determine such amendments either (i) on the arithmetic mean of the applicable prices or middle market quotations 
provided to it by two or more financial institutions engaged in the trading of the relevant underlying, (ii) in its absolute 
and sole own discretion, or (iii) according to the determinations made by the calculation agent to any Hedging 
Transactions. As described above, such amendments may include selecting one or more replacement reference rates 
and making related amendments to the Notes, including the application of an adjustment spread and, if applicable, 
amendments to reflect, among other things, increased costs. Such amendments may result in payments that are lower 
than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on the Notes if the 
original rate had continued to be published in its original form and used for the purposes of the Notes. 
It is possible that a Reference Rate Event or details of it are announced significantly in advance of action being 
appropriate in relation to the relevant Notes. The Issuer is only obliged to notify investors once it has determined the 
action to be taken as a result of the relevant event. 
In addition, investors in Rate-Linked Notes should be aware that: 
 
the composition and characteristics of any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or otherwise the 
replacement reference rate will not be the same as those of the Reference Rate which it replaces, nor will it be 
the economic equivalent of such Reference Rate, and there can be no assurance that it will perform in the same

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
way as such Reference Rate would have or that it will be a comparable substitute for such Reference Rate. 
Therefore, the replacement of the Reference Rate with a pre-nominated replacement reference rate or otherwise 
the replacement reference rate could adversely affect the value of the Notes, the return on the Notes and the 
price at which a Noteholder would be able to sell such Notes;  
 
the failure of any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or otherwise the replacement reference rate to gain 
market acceptance could adversely affect the Notes; 
 
any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or otherwise the replacement reference rate may have a very 
limited history and its future performance cannot be predicted based on historical performance; 
 
the secondary trading market for Notes linked to any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or otherwise the 
replacement reference rate may be limited; and  
 
the administrator of any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or otherwise the replacement reference rate 
may discontinue such rate or make changes that could change its value and the administrator has no obligation 
to consider any holder's interests in doing so. 
Consequently, potential investors in any Notes that reference a Reference Rate should be aware that the Reference 
Rate may be replaced, or the Notes may be early redeemed, in each case, without the consent of Noteholders. 
IBOR-based swap rates 
Following a Reference Rate Cessation in respect of a Reference Rate that is an IBOR swap rate, the Calculation Agent 
may be required to identify a Replacement Reference Rate that the Issuer determines has been recognised or 
acknowledged as being an industry standard for transactions which reference such IBOR swap rate (or if there is no 
industry standard that is appropriate in relation to the Notes, then the Calculation Agent shall select any other interest 
rate, index, benchmark or other price source it determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative). Potential 
investors should be aware that more than one possible replacement rate may exist and if so it is possible the 
Calculation Agent may select the least favourable replacement rate. However, as of the date of this document, there 
is currently no industry-wide approach for dealing with the discontinuance or non-representativeness of IBOR swap 
rates across all currencies and a complete consensus does not exist as to what rate or rates may become accepted 
replacements. It is impossible to predict the effect of any such replacements on the value of the Notes. Additionally, 
even where administrators have published new swap rates linked to risk free rates, such as the GBP SONIA ICE 
Swap Rate launched by the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited on 14 December 2020, there can be no guarantee 
that such rates will be liquid or recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard, and the method by which 
such new swap rates are calculated may change in the future. Consequently, the outcomes of determinations by the 
Calculation Agent may be unpredictable and the exercise of discretion by the Calculation Agent may adversely affect 
the market value of, and return (if any) on, the Notes. Further, there is no assurance that the characteristics of any 
replacement rate will be similar to the relevant IBOR swap rate, or that the replacement rate will produce the economic 
equivalent of the relevant IBOR swap rate.  
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates 
Where the Applicable Transaction Terms identifies that the Reference Rate will be determined by reference to 
Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded Daily €STR, the Reference Rate will be 
determined on the basis of a compounded daily rate unless Index Determination is specified as applicable. Prospective 
investors in any Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR should be aware that the market continues to develop in 
relation to SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates in the capital markets and their adoption as an alternative to 
GBP-LIBOR, USD-LIBOR, and, EONIA and EURIBOR respectively.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA, SOFR or €STR that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR that 
are issued under the Programme. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR referenced Notes issued under the Programme. The nascent development of compounded daily SONIA, SOFR 
and €STR as interest reference rates for the capital markets, as well as continued development of SONIA, SOFR and 
€STR based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA, SOFR, or €STRreferenced 
Notes issued under the Programme from time to time.

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, as amended (the "Code") causes a 30% withholding tax on 
amounts attributable to U.S. source dividends that are paid or "deemed paid" under certain financial instruments if 
certain conditions are met (such instruments, "Specified Securities"). If the Issuer or any withholding agent 
determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any 
additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld.  
For purposes of withholding under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, commonly known as FATCA, 
Specified Securities are subject to a different grandfathering rule than other Notes.  
The taking of any action under Law 11/2015 and its developing regulations could materially affect the value of 
any Notes. The liabilities of the Guarantor including the Guarantee may also be subject to loss absorption through 
their permanent write-down and/or conversion into equity 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (the "BRRD I"), as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC ("BRRD II" and together 
with BRRD I, the "BRRD")  was implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015, as amended by Royal Decree-Law 
11/2017, of 23 June, on urgent measures in financial matters (Real Decreto-ley 11/2017, de 23 de junio, de medidas 
urgentes en materia financiera) ("RDL 11/2017") and by Royal Decree-Law 7/2021, of 27 April (“RDL 7/2021”) 
which has partially implemented BRRD II in Spain, BRRD, as implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015 (as 
amended), together with Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 6 November, implementing Law 11/2015 (the "RD 1012/2015") 
and Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing 
uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the 
framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund (as amended, replaced or supplemented 
from time to time, including by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and the Council of 20 May 
2019, the "SRM Regulation") and its developing regulations is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of 
tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in any relevant unsound or failing credit institution, investment firm, 
financial institution or holding company (each a "relevant entity") so as to ensure the continuity of the relevant entity 
critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a relevant entity's failure on the economy 
and financial system. 
As provided in the BRRD, Law 11/2015 and its developing regulations contain four resolution tools and powers 
including bail-in which gives resolution authorities the power to write down and/or to convert certain claims of 
unsecured creditors (including the Noteholders and the Issuer) of a failing relevant entity (such as the Guarantor) 
(which write-down may result in the reduction of such claims to zero) and to convert certain unsecured debt claims 
to equity or other instruments of ownership (the "general bail-in tool"), which equity or other instruments could also 
be subject to any future write-down. Any application of the general bail-in tool under the BRRD shall be in accordance 
with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on holders 
of Notes (as beneficiaries of the Guarantee) or the Issuer will depend on their ranking in accordance with such 
hierarchy, including any priority given to other creditors such as depositors. The exercise of the general bail-in tool 
and the exercise of any such powers may result in such Noteholders losing some or all of their investment. Such 
application could also involve the suspension of payments for a certain period, to or the disapplication of provisions 
in, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Furthermore, the determination that all or part of the Guarantee of the 
principal amount of any Notes or any liability of the Bank towards the Issuer will be subject to loss absorption is 
likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may also be outside of the 
institution's control. This determination will be made by the institution's regulators and there may be many factors, 
including factors not directly related to the institution, which could result in such a determination. 
As a result, the exercise of any power under Law 11/2015 or any suggestion of such exercise could materially 
adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of any Notes and/or the ability of the relevant Issuer and 
the Guarantor to satisfy their respective obligations under any Notes and the Guarantees. 
To the extent any resulting treatment of holders of Notes pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-in tool is less 
favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a holder has a 
right to compensation under the BRRD based on an independent valuation of the relevant entity (which is referred to 
as the "no creditor worse off safeguard" under the BRRD). Any such compensation is unlikely to compensate that 
holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable delay in the recovery of such 
compensation. Compensation payments (if any) are also likely to be made considerably later than when amounts may 
otherwise have been due under the Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
Noteholders may not be able to exercise their rights on an event of default in the event of the adoption of any early 
intervention or resolution measure under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation 
The Guarantor and, indirectly, the Issuer may be subject to a procedure of early intervention or resolution pursuant 
to the BRRD as implemented through Law 11/2015, RDL 7/2021 and RD 1012/2015, and the SRM Regulation if the 
Guarantor or its group of consolidated credit entities is in breach (or due, among other things, to a rapidly deteriorating 
financial condition, it is likely in the near future to be in breach) of applicable regulatory requirements relating to 
solvency, liquidity, internal structure or internal controls or the conditions for resolution referred to in "Risks related 
to the Spanish withholding tax regime". 
Pursuant to Law 11/2015, the adoption of any early intervention or resolution procedure shall not itself constitute an 
event of default or entitle any counterparty of the Issuer or Guarantor to exercise any rights it may otherwise have in 
respect thereof and any provision providing for such rights shall further be deemed not to apply. However, this does 
not limit the ability of a counterparty to declare any event of default and exercise its rights accordingly where an 
event of default arises either before or after the exercise of any such early intervention or resolution procedure and 
does not necessarily relate to the exercise of any relevant measure or power which has been applied pursuant to Law 
11/2015. 
Any enforcement by a Noteholder of its rights under the Notes upon the occurrence of an Event of Default following 
the adoption of any resolution procedure will be subject to the relevant provisions of the BRRD, as implemented 
through Law 11/2015, RDL 7/2021 and RD 1012/2015, and the SRM Regulation in relation to the exercise of the 
relevant measures and powers pursuant to such procedure, including the resolution tools and powers referred to in 
"Risks related to the Spanish withholding tax regime". 
Any claims on the occurrence of an Event of Default will consequently be limited by the application of any measures 
pursuant to the provisions of Law 11/2015, RDL 7/2021 and RD 1012/2015, and the SRM Regulation. The taking of 
any such action could adversely affect the rights of Noteholders and the price or value of their investment in the Notes 
as well as the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor to satisfy its obligations under the Notes or the Guarantee. 
The enforcement by a holder of any rights it may otherwise have on the occurrence of any Event of Default may be 
limited in these circumstances. 
Prospective investors should refer to the "Investment Considerations" section and in particular the section entitled 
"Legal and Regulatory Considerations" for more information on the BRRD and SRM Regulation.  
Risks Relating to the Spanish Insolvency Law affecting the Guarantor 
RDL 1/2020, as defined below, has superseded former Law 22/2003 (Ley Concursal) dated 9 July 2003 ("Law 
22/2003"), which regulated Spanish insolvency proceedings. The RDL 1/2020 entered into force on 1 September 
2020 and covers Spanish provisions which regulated the bankruptcy, insolvency (including suspension of payments) 
and any process affecting creditors' rights generally, including the ranking of its credits. 
RDL 1/2020 provides, among other things, that: (i) any claim may become subordinated if it is not reported to the 
insolvency administrators (administradores concursales) within one month from the last official publication in the 
Official Gazette (Boletín Oficial del Estado) of the court order declaring the insolvency, (ii) provisions in a contract 
granting one party the right to terminate it by reason only of the other's insolvency may not be enforceable, and (iii) 
interest (other than ordinary interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the value of the asset 
subject to the security and the maximum secured liabilities under the relevant security and provided that a contingent 
claim has been reported in due course to the insolvency administrator) shall cease to accrue as from the date of the 
declaration of insolvency and any amount of interest accrued up to such date (other than any interest accrued under 
secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the lower of the value of the asset subject to the security and the maximum 
secured liabilities under the relevant security) shall become subordinated. 
Risks Relating to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Group 
Risk that funds lent by the Issuer to Group companies are not repaid 
The Issuer is a finance vehicle established by the Guarantor for the purpose of issuing debt securities and other 
financial instruments and on-lending the proceeds to the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries (the "Group" 
and references to "we", "us" or "our" should be construed as references to the Group). The Issuer is therefore 
dependent upon other members of the Group paying interest on and repaying their loans in a timely fashion. Should 
any Group member fail to pay interest on or repay any loan in a timely fashion this could have a material adverse 
effect on the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme which could have 
an adverse impact on the rights of Noteholders and the return on their investment.

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
The Issuer was incorporated on 22 December 2021 under the laws of Luxembourg, including the law of 10 August 
1915 on commercial companies as amended from time to time (the “Companies Act”). . 
The Issuer is dependent on its parent company, Bankinter, S.A, in the conduct of its business, in particular due to: 
1) 
The structure of the transactions carried out by the Issuer which requires: 
 
the guarantee of Bankinter, S.A.; 
 
the subscription of securities issued by Bankinter International Notes S.àr.l. by Bankinter, S.A.; 
 
the deposit of funds raised Bankinter International Notes S.àr.l.; 
 
and the coverage of market risks of Bankinter International Notes S.àr.l. by Bankinter, S.A.. 
2) 
The strong financial exposure of Bankinter International Notes S.àr.l. to Bankinter, S.A. 
Due to this strong dependence, the Guarantor's risk factors contained in Bankinter, S.A.'s 2021 Universal Registration 
Document and incorporated by reference are relevant to understand the main risks and uncertainties facing the Issuer. 
The Issuer's Resolution Risk 
The Issuer could suffer losses if a resolution procedure were to be initiated or if the Group's financial situation were 
to deteriorate significantly. 
The European banking crisis resolution framework has introduced a mechanism for the prevention and resolution of 
banking crises and has given the European resolution authorities, including the Single Resolution Board, very 
extensive powers to take any measure necessary for the resolution of all or part of a credit institution or the group to 
which it belongs. Such procedures are initiated when the Resolution Authority (as the case may be, the FROB or the 
SRB) considers that: 
 
the failure of the institution or group to which it belongs is proven or foreseeable, 
 
there is no reasonable prospect that any other measure will prevent the default within a reasonable time, 
 
a winding-up procedure would be inadequate to preserve financial stability.  
The Resolution Authority considers that the single entry point strategy is the most appropriate for the Group. Pursuant 
to this strategy, the Guarantor in its capacity as the central body and parent company of its subsidiaries, would be the 
single entry point in the event that the Group were to be wound up. Whenever the Group's failure is proven or 
foreseeable and there is no reasonable prospect that another measure would prevent such failure within a reasonable 
period of time and/or the Group's situation requires exceptional financial support from the public authorities, the 
Resolution Authority must, before initiating a resolution procedure or if recourse to it is necessary to preserve the 
Group's viability, reduce the nominal value of the equity instruments (i.e. equity securities, additional Tier 1 capital 
and Tier 2 capital) issued by the institutions concerned or convert these equity instruments (excluding equity 
securities) into equity securities or other instruments, after reduction of reserves. 
If necessary, the Resolution Authority could go further and decide to implement the internal bail-in facility on the 
remaining equity instruments (i.e. decide on the total or partial depreciation of their nominal value or their conversion 
into equity securities or other instruments) as well as on eligible commitments issued by the institutions concerned 
from the most junior to the most senior level, excluding certain limited categories of liabilities, in accordance with 
the terms and conditions provided for by law and the applicable contractual provisions. 
In the event of implementation of a bank resolution procedure at the Group level, the guarantee provided by the 
Guarantor to the Issuer could be subject to such an internal bail-in and no longer cover all or part of the commitments 
of the Issuer. 
The Resolution Authority may also implement other resolution measures, in particular: the total or partial sale of the 
business of a relevant institution to a third party or a bridge institution, the separation of the assets of that institution 
and the modification of the terms and conditions of the financial instruments issued by that institution (including the 
modification of their maturity, the amount of interest payable and/or a temporary suspension of any payment 
obligation under such instruments). 
The decline in economic activity resulting from the effect of the coronavirus could have a material negative impact 
on the Group

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
The pandemic caused by SARS-COV-2 is an unprecedented event. It has triggered a unique crisis and prompted a 
raft of extraordinary measures, which have limited the normal course of productive activity and consumption as they 
seek to protect the productive fabric and employment under the assumption that it was a temporary shock. In this 
protection role, the financial sector has played a key role by providing the necessary liquidity to companies and 
alleviating the financial burden on households affected by the decline in activity. 
Twenty months after the declaration of the state of emergency, it can safely be said that the vaccine has proved its 
effectiveness, allowing a certain level of normality to return. This is also reflected in the economic projections 
published by a range of organisations, particularly the European Central Bank and national authorities, which show 
recovery in economic activity and, especially, employment. 
Therefore, the extreme uncertainty that has characterised this crisis since it emerged seems to be much lower now, 
driven by the approval, on 16 June by the European Commission, of the national recovery plans presented by Spain 
and Portugal. This will enable the effective application, between 2021 and 2026, of 70 billion euros in aid and 70 
billion euros in loans to Spain, and 14 billion euros of aid and 2.6 billion euros of loans to Portugal, from the Next 
Generation EU fund. 
Yet despite this increased optimism, there are still pockets of uncertainty that we need to be wary of. Indeed, one of 
the characteristics of the coronavirus crisis is what has been referred to as the sectoral asymmetry of its effects. Certain 
sectors of activity have been effectively derailed for a long time now. While the outlook is certainly promising, the 
reality is that there have been significant declines in income and levels of debt have been rising for the most part. 
This situation also affects households whose income comes directly or indirectly from the activities hit hardest by the 
pandemic.  
This is why it is necessary to maintain the support needed by businesses that can be considered viable. Indeed, this 
has prompted the Spanish Government to further complement the legislative measures implemented in 2020 by 
enacting Royal Decrees 3/2021 and 5/2021: 
The first of these was published on 2 February 2021 and extends the period for requesting new moratoriums and 
extensions to the term of existing moratoriums until 31 March, in line with the European Banking Authority ‘s latest 
review of its guidelines on moratoriums issued on 2 December 2020. The maximum term of the new aid that can be 
requested or for extensions was limited to nine months. 
Spanish Royal Decree 5/2021, of 12 March, ushered in a raft of extraordinary measures to keep afloat sustainable 
businesses that had been seriously affected by the health crisis. This involved the mobilisation of 11 billion euros, 
comprising direct aid (7 billion euros), financial debt restructuring support for companies (3 billion euros) and the 
setting up of a recapitalisation fund (1 billion euros) to supplement the fund already managed by SEPI. This Royal 
Decree set out the actions on the drawing board and announced the approval of a Code of Good Practices to contain 
the specific criteria for the effective implementation of these actions and proper coordination among creditors. 
The Code of Good Practices was approved by the Council of Ministers on 11 May and published on 13 May 2021. 
Its core objective is to bolster the solvency of viable companies through debt guaranteed by the government, so that 
the survival of productive activity can be guaranteed. Three instruments have been proposed for this, subject to 
eligibility criteria: 
1. 
Extension of the terms of the guaranteed transactions, which will be mandatory at the request of the customer 
if they experience a drop in their turnover of more than 30% in 2020 compared to 2019. 
2. 
Conversion of guaranteed transactions into participating loans, while maintaining the public guarantee. 
3. 
Debt reduction agreements. 
To be eligible for last two of these measures, the debtor’s income must have fallen by at least 30% between 2019 and 
2020, and the debtor must have reported a loss in 2020. The amounts are subject to the limits set out in the European 
Commission’s State Aid Temporary Framework. 
Its application requires the participation of all the entities that have voluntarily signed up to the Code of Good 
Practices, with an undertaking to ensure the best use of public funds and agreeing to pay a portion of any costs that 
may result from the sustainability agreements put in place. The Group formally submitted its adherence to the Code 
of Best Practices on June 1. 
The Portuguese Government also implemented a package of similar aid measures in 2020, with the same objective. 
This involves moratoriums for individuals and companies and lines of support for the economy in response to

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
COVID-19. This is coordinated by the Mutual Guarantee Companies (SGM). Compared to Spain, it gives 
considerably greater weight to the use of moratoriums.  
Considering the development of the pandemic in the early months of 2021, Decree-Law 22-C/2021 was approved on 
22 March, introducing a nine-month extension of the interest-only periods, assuming acceptance in the sectors most 
affected unless expressly waived. This Decree also extends the special scheme for granting guarantees by the Mutual 
Counter-guarantee Fund (SGM) for 12 months.  
The Group has a gross book value of moratoriums totalling 2,177 million euros, of which 954 million euros had not 
matured at 30 September, although 776 million euros matured at Bankinter Portugal on 1 October. A prospective 
evaluation of the risk of this portfolio was carried out during the first three months of the year, causing the Group to 
recognise significant increases in credit risk (stage 2), which accounts for 14.3% of the total moratoriums and marks 
a 7.5 percentage point increase compared to the end of 2020. However, doubtful risk remains at moderate levels 
(4.3% for all moratoriums in September 2021, compared to 1.4% in December 2020). This cannot be attributed to a 
lack of recognition if we consider the significant weight of expired moratoriums. 
At the end of September, the Group had a gross book value of 6,496 billion euros in liquidity facilities guaranteed by 
the state, with an NPL ratio of 0.9%. Taken together, the sum of moratoriums and facilities backed by government 
guarantee schemes represents 11.8% of eligible exposures. Analysing the distribution of aid by segments of activity, 
the wholesale and retail trade sectors are the two biggest recipients, followed by manufacturing due to the large size 
of this industry, although, in relative terms, the hotel and hospitality industry also received a considerable volume of 
aid. 
Considering the transitory shock administered by this unique crisis, the measures put in place have clearly had a 
positive effect on containing the economic damage caused by the pandemic. This is demonstrated by the volume of 
exposure, with unpaid balances being at their lowest level in recent years. At the end of December 2020, they were 
38.4% lower than at year-end 2019, and they then shed a further 5.2% through to 30 September 2021 compared to 
the end of the previous year. This also means that, at the moment, defaults are not materialising on a scale that would 
lead us to expect a substantial increase in non-performing loans in the coming months. This is particularly the case 
considering the increasing percentage of moratoriums that have expired (especially in Spain) and, therefore, returned 
to their normal repayment schedule. 
The performance of the loan book exposure is demonstrating the effectiveness of the Group’s strategy of prospective 
assessment of impairment, considering both the decline in activity in 2020 and the subsequent recovery expected for 
the following years, and how this recovery, together with the support measures implemented, could support the 
economy’s productive fabric. However, this strategy also calls for prudence and for us to view both the present and 
the future as the backdrop for a steady and gradual recovery process following a sharp drop in activity that we would 
be foolish to believe is completely behind us.  
Following the recommendation of the European Central Bank, since the start of the crisis the Group has been using 
the quarterly forecasts published by the ECB for the European Union and the country-specific forecasts issued by the 
central banks, consistently with the former, as its benchmark. Thus, considering the macroeconomic projections of 
the Spanish economy for the 2020-2022 period published by the Bank of Spain in June and September 2020, an 
extraordinary provision of 242.5 million euros was posted on 31 December 2020 to adjust to the new macroeconomic 
landscape.  
The outlook in this September 2020 publication was more pessimistic due to the emergence and spread of the so-
called second wave and, according to Scenario 1, placed the decline in GDP at -10.5% in 2020, with a subsequent 
recovery of 7.3% and a 1.9% increase in GDP in 2021 and 2022, along with an unemployment rate of 19.4% in 2021. 
Already in December 2020, the Bank of Spain has begun to show greater optimism in its forecasts. This is was also 
the case in the quarterly March, June and September 2021 publications. However, in its latest forecasts published in 
December 2021, it has revised the GDP downwards to 4.5% (-1.9%) for 2021 and to 5.4% (-0.4%) for 2022. It 
believes that the main uncertainties lie in the evolution of the pandemic, after the deterioration in recent weeks, the 
degree of persistence of global supply chains; the duration of the current inflationary pressures, with the possibility 
of second-round effects, and the path of execution of the NGEU, of recovery of household consumption and 
international tourist flows. 
However, there is still some uncertainty about what the impact of the pandemic on our loan book might be, even if 
this more positive scenario ultimately materialises. This could introduce some bias into the estimation of expected 
losses using provisioning models. We need to be especially wary of the sectoral asymmetry mentioned earlier, as well 
as the considerable effort likely to be involved in implementing the Code of Good Practices. Consequently, at 30 
September 2021 the Group has decided to keep the level of coverage associated with the 'Macroeconomic effect' at

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
the same level as at the end of 2020, as we wait for the improved outlook to materialise and the effects on our loan 
book to become clearer. 
In any case, despite the recognition of significant increases in credit risk during the first three quarters of 2021, the 
cost of risk has fared well to reach 188 million euros at 30 September, representing an annualised cost of risk of 34 
basis points of the Group’s eligible exposures. 
Despite the circumstances, the Group managed to maintain its activity and increase its pre-provision operating income 
by 4.5% in 2020 compared to 2019. At 30 September 2021, this item was up 15% on the same period in 2020, 
demonstrating the strength of the income statement and its resilience to considerably more severe scenarios. 
The Group’s business depends primarily on the Spanish economy, so any adverse change in the economy or an 
unfavourable economic event could adversely affect the Guarantor 
The Group mainly conducts its business in Spain, except its subsidiary Bankinter Luxembourg S.A., which conducts 
its business in another European Union member state, Luxembourg, the Group’s branches in Portugal, which, since 
the acquisition of a part of Barclays Bank PLC’s banking business in Portugal was completed on 1 April 2016, 
conduct their business in another European Union member state, Portugal, and, since 1 June 2019, Ireland, following 
the acquisition of 100% of EVO BANCO, S.A.U. share capital and, consequently, of its consumer finance subsidiary 
in Ireland, Avantcard DAC.  
Most of its business volume, i.e., its gross operating income, comes from the Spanish market. At the end of 2020, the 
contribution by country to gross operating income was as follows: 
Figures at 31 December 2020 
Turnover (in thousands of euros) 
Spain 
1,500,457 
Luxembourg 
12,869 
Portugal 
138,165 
Ireland 
57,549 
Total 
1,709,040 
 
The latest macroeconomic data for the third quarter of 2021 show that the economy is continuing to recover. The 
gross domestic product of Spain in the third quarter of 2021 grew by 2% compared to the previous quarter. This rate 
is 148 tenths lower than in the second quarter of 2021, when it came to 17.5%.  Although, in its last forecast, the Bank 
of Spain revision estimated that GDP would grow by 4.5% (-1.9pp), and by 5.4% (-0.4pp) for 2022, while for 2023 
it estimates + 3.9% (+ 1.9pp). 
Although it seems that economic activity is continuing to recover from the lows registered in the second quarter of 
2020, there are still significant obstacles that may negatively affect its progress, such as: 
i) 
Managing fresh waves of COVID-19 and stopping them from impacting the economic recovery. 
ii) 
The high rate of unemployment, which increases the vulnerability of the economy to economic shocks. 
iii) 
The high level of public deficit, which will imply a greater effort of fiscal consolidation in the coming years. 
iv) 
The low benchmark (0.00%) and deposit (-0.50%) interest rates in the Euro Zone, which are expected to 
remain at these low levels during 2021 and 2022, may have a negative effect on the banking sector. 
v) 
A change in the exchange rate of the euro against the dollar or other currencies, which could have a negative 
impact on the competitiveness of the Spanish economy and on the profits of more international companies. 
vi) 
The slowdown in the world economy that would negatively impact the country’s external demand. 
vii) 
Geopolitical tensions, which could lead to an increase in the terms of trade, the price of oil and other raw 
materials. 
viii) 
Political and economic instability arising from both national and international aspects. 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is defined as the possibility of losses arising from the failure of Bankinter’s customers and counterparties 
to meet their payment obligations in the agreed time and form, as well as losses in value due simply to an impairment 
in their credit rating. These obligations arise both in Bankinter’s retail financial activities and wholesale trading

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
activities and relations and include loans, fixed-income instruments, and also from arranging derivative hedging 
instruments. 
The Guarantor’s eligible exposures (defined as drawn-down credit risk plus secured loans risk) amounted to 75,667 
million euros at 31 December 2021, and loans and receivables to 65,550 million euros, meaning that customer lending 
grew 4.85% and eligible exposures grew 6.21%.  
Non-performing loans and foreclosed assets 
The NPL ratio ended 2021 at 2.24% for Bankinter Group, i.e. 13 basis points less than the previous year (-5.38%); 
while the NPL coverage ratio was 63.53% at the end of 2021. The Group’s non-performing loan ratio in Spain at year 
end was practically 53% of the sector average (4.51% according to Banco de España data from December 2020).  
In terms of amounts, at the end of 2021, total doubtful eligible exposures stood at 1.693 billion euros, up 8 million 
(+0.49%) from the year before, when it amounted to 1.685 billion euros.  
In 2021, there were net additions to NPLs of 179 million euros and NPL write-offs of 171 million euros, resulting in 
a year-end balance of 1.685 billion euros.  
The volume of foreclosed assets at year-end 2021 amounted to 170 million euros (81 million euros, net of provisions), 
which represents 0.22% of total credit risk, having fallen by 56 million euros gross,  with respect to the previous year.  
Developer credit risk 
At the end of December 2020, financing for construction and property development (including land) amounted to 476 
million euros, of which 7 million euros was doubtful debt, representing an NPL ratio of 1.5%. At the end of the first 
half of 2021 (last figures to be published), these figures were 437 million euros, 6 million euros and 1.4%, 
respectively.  
Refinancing and restructuring 
The portfolio of credit risk refinancing and restructuring at the end of 2020 amounted to 1.010 billion euros, with any 
modification to credit risk conditions due to the borrower’s payment difficulties being considered refinancing. This 
represents 1.4% of eligible exposures. Of the total refinanced portfolio, 45% is considered doubtful. In June 2021 
(last information published), the credit risk refinancing and restructuring portfolio amounted to 998 million euros, of 
which 432 million euros was doubtful. 
Profitability risk and prolonged low-interest rate scenarios 
Both the economy and the health care sectors have been improving throughout 2021, although the increase in the 
number of COVID-19 infection since mid-November has led to tougher restrictions in neighboring countries.  
Although the economic recovery gained traction throughout 2021 and reached very promising levels both on the 
macroeconomic front (US GDP + 6.7%, EMU + 2.2%) and in terms of business results (S&P 500 second-quarter 
earnings + 90.9% vs + 63.0% expected), a certain slowdown was noted that may be due to the difficulty of 
consolidating at high growth levels, which may also be affected by the new measures being adopted in European 
Union countries as a result of the increase in COVID-19 cases since the end of November 2021. The asset market 
(stock exchanges, bonds, currencies, etc.) continued to perform well, despite not being free from risk. 
The central banks insisted that this was a fleeting phenomenon and a product of the factors mentioned above. 
However, they soon came to accept that these factors would continue to linger. Amid this rising inflation, sustained 
economic growth and job creation, they are now under pressure to start defining their exit strategies.  
In this context, the Guarantor’s net interest income amounted to 955.1 million euros at the end of the third quarter of 
2021, up 3% on the same period of 2020.  
Meanwhile, gross operating income benefitted from the increased revenues earned during the period to reach 1.4229 
billion euros (+9.8%). Of this figure, fee and commission income fared remarkably well by generating net revenues 
of 443 million euros, representing 31% of the total. This item was up 23% compared with the same period of 2020. 
This growth in fee and commission income is a product of the Guarantor’s increased activity in the marketing of high 
value-added products and services. For example, fees from asset management were up 26% to 143 million euros. 
Fees from securities trading rose 22% to 84 million euros. And fees from insurance and pension funds rose by 12% 
to reach 58 million euros.

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
Return on invested capital (RoE) stood at 9.4% at the end of the third quarter of 2021 compared to 7.1% in the third 
quarter of 2020; a period in which the Guarantor had to post additional extraordinary provisions due to the pandemic 
and the worsening macroeconomic environment.   
Consequently, the current environment of low interest rates may limit the Group’s ability to grow its net interest 
income, with a consequent impact on its results. As a result, the Group has sought alternatives to maintain its 
profitability through actions aimed at increasing the volume of revenues, mainly through fee income and cost 
reductions. 
Structural interest rate risk 
Structural interest risk is defined as the Group’s exposure to changes in market interest rates, arising from a different 
timing structure for maturities and impairments in balance sheet items.  
The way interest rates behave is affected by numerous factors beyond the control of the Group, such as the regulation 
of the financial sector in the markets in which it operates, the monetary policies developed by the ECB, and the 
Spanish and international political and economic situation.  
Net interest income represented 67.12% and 72.96% of gross operating income during the first nine months of 2021 
and financial year 2020 respectively. 
The main measures the Guarantor uses to manage and control the interest-rate risk profile approved by the Board of 
Managers are specified below: 
i) 
Sensitivity of net interest income1 
Under management assumptions, the exposure to interest rate risk of the Guarantor’s net interest income in the face 
of parallel variations of 100 basis points in market interest rates was, at the close of September 2021, approximately 
-3% in the negative scenario and +11.4% in the positive. In December 2020, these figures were -3.2% and + 14.2%, 
respectively, and as of 30 September 2020, around -3.3% from a negative standpoint and +12.9% from a positive 
standpoint. 
At 31 December 2019 and 2018, they were +14.5% and +9.9% respectively for rate increases and -8.9% and -11.4% 
for decreases, both for a 12-month horizon.  
i) 
Sensitivity of economic value2 
This metric complements the previous one and is calculated on a monthly basis. It allows the Guarantor to quantify 
the exposure of its economic value to interest rate risk, and it is obtained as the difference between the net present 
value of the items sensitive to interest rates calculated using the interest rate curves in different scenarios and the 
curve quoted in the market on each analysis date. 
The sensitivity of the economic value to a parallel movement of +/- 100 basis points, always under management 
assumptions, stood at -6% and +7% to own funds, respectively, at the end of September 2021. In December 2020, 
this was -5.1% from a negative standpoint and +11.1% from a positive standpoint. In September 2020 it was -3.5% 
and + 6.4%, respectively. 
In December 2019, it was -5.2% and + 2.5%, still under management assumptions.  
At the end of 2018, it was +2.1% in economic value and -0.5% for own funds, respectively. 
Solvency Risk 
The Guarantor, and thus the Issuer, is subject to a broad regulatory and supervisory framework regarding its solvency, 
the complexity of which has increased significantly since the previous financial crisis. Increasingly onerous capital 
                                                     
 
1 The sensitivity of net interest income is obtained as the difference between the net interest income projected with the market curves at each 
analysis date and the net interest income projected with the interest rate curves altered in different scenarios, of both parallel movements of interest 
rates and changes in the slope of the curve. 
2 This measurement complements the previous one and is calculated on a monthly basis. It allows the Guarantor to quantify the exposure of its 
economic value to interest rate risk, and it is obtained as the difference between the net present value of the items sensitive to the interest rates 
calculated using the interest rate curves in different scenarios and the curve quoted in the market at each analysis date.

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
requirements are one of the Bank’s main regulatory challenges. Increasing capital requirements may adversely affect 
the Bank’s profitability and create regulatory risks associated with the possibility of not being able to maintain 
required capital levels.  
Prospective investors should refer to the "Investment Considerations" section and in particular the section entitled 
"Legal and Regulatory Considerations" for more information on the BRRD and SRM Regulation.  
The Guarantor is subject to compliance, at a consolidated level, with a Pillar 1 capital adequacy requirement, a Pilar 
2 capital adequacy requirement and a combined capital buffer requirement. To mitigate the potential effects of the 
COVID-19 pandemic on the financial system, the European Parliament and the European Council approved 
Regulation 2020/873 (“CRR Quick Fix”) which amends both Regulation 575/2013 (“CRR”) and Regulation 
2019/876 (“CRR2”) including certain measures that contribute positively to capital ratios, highlighting the new 
support factors for SMEs and infrastructures, which reduce capital consumption and the level of risk-weighted assets 
(“RWAs”). In addition, the ECB announced that banks will be able to temporarily operate below the capital level 
defined by the Pillar 2 Guidance (“P2G”), the capital conservation buffer (2.5%) and the LCR (100%). This last 
measure will not extend beyond the end of 2021. These temporary measures were reinforced by the relaxation of the 
countercyclical capital buffer by the national macroprudential authorities (which was confirmed in Ireland with the 
Central Bank of Ireland's announcement on March 18 2020 to reduce this buffer to 0%, and the Bank of Spain's 
announcement on 31 March 2020 to keep it at 0%). Likewise, banks are allowed to use Additional Tier 1 (“AT1”) 
and Tier 2 (“T2”) instruments to partially meet the Pillar 2 requirement (“P2R”). This measure, which was initially 
scheduled to take effect in January 2021, was brought forward to March 2020. 
In application of this last measure, the European Central Bank requires the Guarantor to maintain a consolidated 
Common Equity Tier 1 or CET1 ratio of 7.675% during 2021 (8.2% in 2019) and a total capital ratio of 11.70%, both 
in fully loaded terms. The CET1 requirement of 7.675% comprises: the minimum CET1 level required by Pillar 1 
(4.5%), the Pillar 2 requirement (0.675%) and the capital conservation buffer (2.5%). 
At 31 December 2021, the main figures for capital adequacy and risk management at fully loaded level for the Group 
are a Common Equity Tier 1 or CET 1 ratio of 12.05% (12.29% as of December 2020), a Tier 1 ratio of 13.04% 
(13.32% as of December 2020), a Tier 2 ratio of 2.351% (1.71% as of December 2020) and a total capital ratio of 
15.39% (15.02% as of December 2020). 
The leverage ratio at 31 December 2021 amounted to 4.9%, after applying the temporary waiver set out in Regulation 
2020/873, which allows exposure to central banks to be excluded, a measure that led to an improvement of 88 basis 
points in the ratio. The leverage ratio is a measure that is supplementary to capital requirements and unrelated to the 
level of risk. CRR establishes the calculation requirements and the information and disclosure requirements for the 
leverage ratio, while Regulation (EU) 2019/876, which amends it, sets its minimum level at 3%.  
Banks must also have a minimum level of equity and eligible liabilities in relation to total liabilities and equity 
(MREL). In December 2020, the Guarantor received formal notification from Bank of Spain regarding the MREL 
applicable in its case, which was set by the Single Resolution Board (SRB). This decision establishes a binding 
intermediate MREL requirement, which must be met by 1 January 2022, of 16.18% of the total risk exposure amount 
(TREA) and 5.28% of the leverage ratio exposure (LRE). The final MREL requirement, which the entity must meet 
no later than 1 January 2024, stands at 17.26% of the TREA and 5.28% of the LRE. In spite of all of the above, as a 
result of the potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Single Resolution Board has announced that it is 
committed to ensuring that the limitations derived from compliance with MREL requirements do not prevent banks 
from lending to the real economy. It will also take a forward-looking approach to banks that may face difficulties in 
meeting these targets before the new requirements are issued under the new legislation in early 2021 (in terms of risk-
weighted assets and with intermediate MREL targets in 2022 and final targets in 2024).  
It should be noted that the requirement established by the SRB for the Group coincides with the Guarantor’s forecasts 
and meeting it forms part of the Group’s three-year financing plans that are expected to be fulfilled without 
difficulties. However, the Group’s eligible liabilities and own funds could vary, as well as the Group’s MREL, which 
could adversely affect the Group. At the end of December 2021, the entity’s eligible liabilities and own funds 
represented 21.7% of TREA (not including the capital dedicated to covering the combined buffer requirement, which 
represents 2.5% of TREA), and 8.65% of LRE, so the requirements described have already been met. 
Any failure by Bankinter Group to comply with capital requirements or MREL requirements could lead to 
administrative sanctions, additional Pillar 2 requirements and the adoption of early intervention or, ultimately, 
resolution measures, in accordance with Spanish Law 11/2015, of 18 June, on the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment service companies ('Law 11/2015'), which provides supervisors with a range of tools for 
intervening early and rapidly in a bank with issues regarding solidity or viability in order to ensure the continuity of 
its essential financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of its not being viable on the economic 
and financial system.

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
Additionally, it cannot be ruled out that in the future new additional regulatory requirements or compliance with 
stricter standards or recommendations will not be applied, which could have a material adverse effect and could affect 
the Bank’s activities and operations, its results and/or its financial position. 
Risk of Resolution 
Prospective investors should refer to the "Legal and Regulatory Risks" section and in particular the section entitled 
"Noteholders may not be able to exercise their rights on an event of default in the event of the adoptin of any early 
intervention or resolution measure under Law 11/2015 and SRM Regulation" for more information on the Law 
11/2015 and SRM Regulation.  
The BRRD and its transposing regulations spell out the application of the resolution system in three successive phases: 
(a) preparation/pre-crisis phase; (b) early action phase; and (c) resolution phase. As a credit institution, (a) failure to 
comply with any obligation, (b) the adoption of any early action and/or (c) the application of any resolution tool by 
or regarding the Guarantor and the Group, depending on the specific resolution strategy, as determined by the 
competent supervisory or resolution authorities, based on its non-viability or potential non-viability under the BRRD 
and Law 11/2015 and its developing regulations, may have a direct and substantial impact on the management of the 
Guarantor and the Group, on its strategy, legal structure, composition and the workings of its bodies and systems of 
governance, level of solvency/financial capacity and level of available financial resources, as well as on the rights of 
its creditors, shareholders and customers. 
Specifically, the application of resolution instruments to the Guarantor or the Group contemplated under the BRRD 
and its transposition regulations in a resolution situation may give rise to: (a) the sale of the Group business; (b) the 
transfer of the Group assets and liabilities to a bridge entity; and (c) the transfer of the Group assets and liabilities to 
an asset management company. In addition to the impact at the individual or group level described above, if the bail-
in tool is applied to the Guarantor as a target institution, the resolution authorities will have the power to amortise, 
reduce in value on a permanent basis and convert the so-called eligible liabilities (which could include subordinated 
and simple bonds and structured securities) issued by the Guarantor into shares or other equity instruments. 
In addition, recourse to public financial aid is a last resort, after evaluating and applying resolution instruments to the 
greatest extent possible, without compromising financial stability or increasing the risk of contagion in the financial 
system in which the target institution operates. 
Continued compliance by the Guarantor or the Group with the level of MREL determined by the Bank of Spain in 
accordance with the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016 relating to the methodology 
for setting the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, as set out in the previous paragraph 
(“Solvency risk”), is an additional and complementary requirement to the capital requirements imposed on the 
Guarantor under CRR and Directive (EU) 2013/36 in its capacity as a credit institution.  
Investors should refer to the "Investment Considerations" section and in particular the section entitled "Legal and 
Regulatory Considerations" for more information on the BRRD and SRM Regulation.  
In a resolution scenario and during the implementation of the resolution strategy and instruments determined under 
the SRM Regulation, the BRRD and its transposition regulations, failure to comply with the level of MREL required 
of Bankinter is likely to impact the choice of the preferred resolution strategy and therefore the effectiveness and 
efficiency of the resolution process, increasing the negative impact on the entity being resolved and on the rights of 
Bankinter’s creditors, shareholders and customers, due to insufficient loss absorption capacity. Furthermore, the 
inadequacy of the MREL is likely to determine that even after the implementation of a resolution strategy and the 
execution of the resolution process, the Group will not be able to maintain the Tier 1 Capital Requirements (“CET1”), 
buffers and ratios required to conduct business with sufficient market confidence, thereby maximising the negative 
impact on its creditors, shareholders and customers, due to insufficient recapitalisation. 
Liquidity risk 
Structural liquidity risk is associated with the Group’s ability to meet the payment obligations it acquires and to fund 
its investment lending business. The Group actively monitors its liquidity position and forecasts, as well as the actions 
to taken both in business as usual market situations and in exceptional circumstances arising due to internal causes or 
market behaviours. The Board of Managers of the Guarantor has delegated responsibility for managing this risk to 
the assets and liabilities committee. 
The liquidity management principles, strategies and practises are set out in the Liquidity Planning Framework; they 
are designed to ensure that the Group has sufficient liquidity to meet its day-to-day liquidity obligations and to cope 
during a period of liquidity stress.  Liquidity management is underpinned by the following strategic principles:

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
 
Reducing dependence on wholesale markets for funding the business, by seeking balanced growth in retail 
funds. 
Since 2020, customer funds have exceeded lendings and this progression has intensified throughout 2021 by 2.17 
billion, for a total investment at the end of September 2021 of 65.194 million compared to 68.481 billion at the end 
of 2020. As of September 2021, the customer funding gap3  of Bankinter Group fell by 2.17 billion since December 
2020, placing the customer funds figure above lendings, as indicated.  
 
Diversification of wholesale funding sources by instruments and markets, and maintenance a balanced 
maturity schedule. 
With regard to wholesale funding, at September 2021, the outstanding maturities of issues placed among wholesale 
customers through to 2022 totalled 1 billion euros, thus giving the Group more than 24.3 billion euros in liquidity 
according to LCR -HQLA-, with this cash on hand and at banks split between Central Banks (21.354 billion euros) 
and Treasury securities (6.173 billion euros). A total of 1.705 billion euros is available under Central Bank facilities, 
while other available assets other than level 1 amount to 126 million euros. In addition, as of December  2021, there 
is a covered bondissuing capacity of 6.500 billion to meet them (3.5 billion in December 2020 and 6 million in 
December 2019). 
The liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”) aims to ensure that banks have sufficient high quality liquid assets (“HQLA”) 
to cope with cash outflows under an acute one-month stress scenario. It is assumed that the necessary corrective 
measures would have been taken by the Bank or by the supervisor by the end of that month.  
The LCR was above 100% at 31 December 2021, standing at 228.6% (198.14% in December 2020, 153.7% in 
December 2019).  
The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision’s Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) requires banks to maintain a 
stable funding profile. This is defined as the ratio between the amount of stable funding available and the amount of 
stable funding required. This ratio must be at least 100% at all times. ‘Available stable funding’ is defined as the 
proportion of own funds and other funds that may be expected to be reliable during the time period considered by the 
NSFR, which is one year. 
At 30 September 2021, the NSFR was 149.67%, above the required limit. At the end of 2020 this was 128.93%, 
123.44% at the end of 2019, and 115% at the end of 2018. 
The deposit-to-loan ratio, i.e. the ratio of customer funds to lending —which shows how much of the loans granted 
are financed by customer funds— stood at 108.5% in December 2021. In December 2020 it reached 103.2%, at the 
end of 2019 it was 98.3%. 
Bankinter uses several tools to analyse and monitor its short-term and long-term liquidity position. These include 
both static and dynamic tools. In addition, back-testing is also conducted on the projections made.  According to these 
tools, Bankinter’s survival horizon is more than 12 months. 
One analysis used by analysts is information on liquid assets relative to the maturities of the liabilities, i.e. the 
Company’s liquidity profile. It can be used to verify Bankinter’s ability to assume liquidity obligations without 
affecting its traditional lending business. In December 2020, it was 6.446 billion euros (available in Central Bank 
policy plus eligible non-policy assets). In December 2019, it was 8.066 billion euros (December 2018: 6.305 billion 
euros). At the end of September 2021 the figure was 5.929 billion euros. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the current economic setting, Bankinter cannot guarantee that it will be able to meet 
its liquidity needs or to do so without incurring higher deposit costs or having to liquidate some of its assets in the 
event of pressure on its liquidity from any cause, which could have a negative impact on Bankinter Group’s net 
interest income, as well as a substantial negative impact on its business, results or financial and equity position, 
including, ultimately, the implementation of internal recapitalisation measures, such as the redemption of its shares 
and certain debt issues. 
Reputational risk 
Reputational risks arise from negative perception on the part of customers, counterparties, shareholders, investors 
and regulators that can adversely affect the Group’s ability to maintain existing, or establish new, business 
                                                     
 
3 The customer funding gap is the amount of customer loans not funded with retail deposits, but rather with funds raised on wholesale markets 
and the Bank's own funds (Investment excluding securitisation / Funds with collection accounts).

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
relationships and continued access to sources of funding. In extreme cases, reputational risk could lead to a massive 
withdrawal of deposits by customers. 
At present, due to the various events that have occurred in the Spanish banking sector in recent years, such as the 
litigation arising from multi-currency loans or floor clauses, this risk is particularly relevant for financial institutions 
of the size and number of customers such as the Guarantor since, due to the nature of the banking business, it is 
essential to maintain the confidence of customers, investors, creditors and the market in general. 
Although the Group endeavours to carry out a recruitment policy based on the honesty and ability of its staff, it is 
inevitable that the Group is affected by a reputational risk consisting of possible misconduct by staff. 
One of the most important aspects in preventing reputational risks is to understand market and environmental trends, 
and monitor what is being said about the Group in the mass media and on social media. To this end, the Group has a 
system for monitoring, analysing and assessing its reputational impact, although it is inevitable that the Group may 
be affected by this type of risk. 
There may also be external factors, beyond the Group’s control, such as improper actions by third-party entities or 
individuals, or scandals in the financial sector in general, which could convey a widespread negative image or 
positioning in the minds of customers, leading to a loss of confidence and credibility in the sector, from which new 
non-traditional players in the lending market could benefit.  
Competition risk 
The Spanish financial market, where the Group operates, is highly competitive and the reforms of the financial sector, 
and certain other developments, have heightened competition between domestic and foreign entities. Also, the trend 
towards consolidation of the banking sector has generated larger and stronger banks that compete with the Group. 
The Group is also facing greater pressure to meet the growing demands of customers for new banking products and 
the fact that its competitors are now more knowledgeable about such products. Inasmuch as the Group fails to adopt 
new working methods and approaches to customer service at the same pace of change as in the current banking 
environment, its ability to compete successfully in the market segments in which it operates could be adversely 
affected. 
The Group also faces non-traditional competitors of banking services, mainly based on new technologies, such as 
non-banking digital providers that compete (and cooperate) with each other and with banks in most areas of financial 
services, as well as large digital operators that also offer financial services (mainly payments and credit) 
complementary to their core business. Banks and non-bank operators are not currently playing on a level field. 
Banking groups are subject to prudential regulations that have implications for most of their businesses, including 
those in which they compete with non-bank operators, which are only subject to activity-specific regulations or which 
benefit from regulatory uncertainty. 
Especially, the transposition of Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 
November 2015 on payment services in the internal market allows such digital operators not subject to prudential 
regulation, acting under the legal category of third-party providers (“TPP”), to establish direct relations with the bank 
customer, without having to be administrators of the payment accounts held by them at their respective credit 
institutions, as well as to carry out transactions on their behalf and access information in their bank accounts. 
The impact of changes in the regulatory environment for payment services, in the form of the enactment of PSD2 and 
its progressive transposition into Spanish law, which became effective on 1 January 2021, imposes relevant 
competition factors/risks on credit institutions, which are being forced to rethink their business objectives and 
operating schemes to keep being competitive, leading to rises in operating and investment costs. In short, the main 
impacts/risk factors are likely to be expressed as a cost asymmetry and operational asymmetry. 
Digital operators subject to fewer or no regulatory requirements, with more agile cost structures and sometimes with 
greater financial strength than traditional credit institutions, are breaking into this business sector, mainly through the 
dissociation authorised by PSD 2 between the exclusive administration of payment accounts (e.g. by the credit 
institution where the payment service user maintains a payment account) and access to transactions carried out on 
that account (e.g. by a third party provider) and to the information contained in and derived from those accounts 
without bearing the associated operational and infrastructure costs. 
Lastly, companies offering new applications and financial services based on artificial intelligence. The often lower 
cost and higher processing speed of these new applications and services can be especially attractive to technologically 
advanced buyers. As technology continues to evolve, more tasks currently performed by people can be replaced by 
automation, machine learning and other advances beyond the Group’s control.

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
Impact of the anti-tax avoidance directive on the Issuer 
Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of 12 July 2016 laying down rules against tax avoidance practices that directly 
affect the functioning of the internal market dated 12 July 2016 was transposed into Luxembourg domestic law by 
the law of 21 December 2018 (ATAD I) and entered into force on 1 January 2019. 
ATAD I introduces, amongst other things, a new framework that limits the deduction of interest and other deductible 
payments and charges for Luxembourg companies subject to corporate income tax (such as the Issuer). ATAD I may 
result in corporate income tax being imposed and becoming due and payable by the Issuer to the extent that the Issuer 
derives income other than interest income or income equivalent to interest from its underlying assets and transactions. 
Where ATAD I results in denying the tax deductibility of a portion of the interest accrued on the Notes, any tax 
payable by the Issuer as a result of ATAD I could negatively impact the amounts payable under the Notes to investors.

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
This Investment Considerations section sets out important information and considerations in relation to the Notes 
which prospective investors should take into account prior to making an investment decision. 
Considerations Relating to the Notes Generally 
Considerations in relation to Global Notes held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, will be (in the case of Bearer Notes) deposited with 
a common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in 
definitive form. 
Each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and their respective direct and indirect participants, will maintain 
records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes, as applicable. While the Notes are represented by one or more 
Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing system and 
their respective participants Notes are held. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the Issuer and the Guarantor will discharge their 
payment obligations under the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing system. A holder of a 
beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to 
receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer and the Guarantor have no responsibility or liability for the 
records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Noteholders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. 
As the Notes are in global form, the Issuer and each Noteholder will have agreed that, when each Noteholder elects 
so, the relevant Account Holder will immediately acquire the right under this provision and the provisions of the 
Global Notes with regard to the Notes, to claim and receive all payments due at any time in respect of the relevant 
portion of the corresponding Notes credited in the securities account of the Account Holder (the “Direct Rights”) 
and, from that time, the said Noteholder will have no further rights under the Global Notes with respect to that relevant 
portion of the Notes (but without prejudice to the rights which the Noteholder or any other person may have under 
the relevant Global Note). 
For this purposes, “Account Holder” means a holder of a securities account, except for Clearstream or Euroclear 
Luxembourg or a common depositary to the extent that any securities, or rights in respect of securities, credited to 
such Clearstream or Euroclear’s securities account are held by Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg or common 
depositary for the account or benefit of a holder of a securities account within Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg 
or common depositary. 
Additional information on the future discontinuance of LIBOR  
On 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA"), which regulates 
LIBOR, announced that it does not intend to continue to persuade, or use its powers to compel, panel banks to submit 
rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021. The announcement indicates that the 
continuation of LIBOR on the current basis is not guaranteed after 2021. 
On 27 July 2017, and in a subsequent speech by the FCA's Chief Executive on 12 July 2018, the FCA confirmed that 
it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021 
(the "FCA Announcements"). The FCA Announcements indicated that the continuation of LIBOR on the current 
basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
("IBA"), the administrator of LIBOR, published a statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all 
LIBOR settings, together with the dates on which this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers to require 
IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (the "IBA announcement"). 
Concurrently, the FCA published a statement on the cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies 
and tenors, following the dates on which IBA indicated that it will cease publication (the "FCA announcement"). 
Permanent cessation occurred after 31 December 2021 for all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain 
Sterling, Japanese Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings and will occur immediately after 30 June 2023 for certain other 
USD LIBOR settings. A longer period has been allowed in relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-
month and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings), which will cease after 30 June 2023.

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
Additional information on the development of SONIA and €STR as reference rates 
In connection with the development of the market in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets and 
its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring 
alternative reference rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the 
market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). The nascent development of 
Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development 
of SONIA-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Securities. The current expectation 
is that SONIA, which is, at present only available as an overnight rate will replace LIBOR, which generally has a 
term of one, three or six months. 
Separate workstreams are also underway in Europe to reform EURIBOR using a hybrid methodology and to provide 
a fallback by reference to a euro risk free rate. On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates 
recommended €STR as the new risk free rate. In addition, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk free-rate working group 
published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash products (including bonds). 
The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts 
without incorporating robust fallback provisions may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 
2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and 
fallback rates.  
Additional considerations associated with Securities that pay a floating rate of interest referencing SOFR 
SOFR is a relatively new rate. The New York Federal Reserve began to publish SOFR in April 2018. Although the 
New York Federal Reserve has published historical indicative SOFR information going back to 2014, such 
prepublication historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Investors should not 
rely on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of the future performance of SOFR. Since the initial 
publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in other 
benchmark or market rates. As a result, the return on and value of Notes that pay a floating rate of interest by reference 
to SOFR may fluctuate more than floating rate debt securities that are linked to less volatile rates. 
Because SOFR is a relatively new market index, Notes that reference SOFR will likely have no established trading 
market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms 
for debt securities indexed to SOFR, such as the spread over the base rate reflected in the interest rate provisions, 
may evolve over time, and trading prices of Notes that reference SOFR may be lower than those of later-issued SOFR-
linked debt securities as a result. Similarly, if SOFR does not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the 
trading price of Notes that reference SOFR may be lower than those of securities linked to rates that are more widely 
used. Investors may not be able to sell Notes that reference SOFR at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices 
that will provide a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
The manner of adoption or application of reference rates based on SOFR in the bond market may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. 
Investors should carefully consider how any potential inconsistencies between the adoption of reference rates based 
on SOFR across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place 
in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes that reference SOFR. 
The New York Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject to important 
limitations, including that the New York Federal Reserve may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, 
rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. There can be no guarantee that SOFR will 
not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in the 
Notes. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or 
discontinuance may result in a reduction or elimination of the amount of interest payable on such Notes that reference 
SOFR and a reduction in the trading prices of such Notes. 
SOFR differs fundamentally from, and may not be a comparable substitute for, LIBOR.  
In June 2017, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the "ARRC") convened by the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System and the New York Federal Reserve announced SOFR as its recommended alternative to the 
London interbank offered rate for U.S. dollar obligations. However, because SOFR is a broad U.S. Treasury repo 
financing rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, it differs fundamentally from LIBOR. For 
example, SOFR is a secured overnight rate, while LIBOR is an unsecured rate that represents interbank funding over 
different maturities. In addition, at present, SOFR is calculated on a backward-looking basis, whereas LIBOR is 
forward-looking. Because of these and other differences, there can be no assurance that SOFR will perform in the

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
same way as LIBOR would have done at any time, and there is no guarantee that it is a comparable substitute for 
LIBOR. 
Considerations Relating to Reference Item Linked Notes 
Considerations in relation to regulatory consequences for a holder of Reference Item Linked Notes 
There may be regulatory and other consequences associated with the ownership by certain investors of certain 
Reference Item Linked Notes. Each purchaser of Notes must conduct its own investigation into its regulatory position 
with respect to the potential purchase of Notes, and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer or the Arranger 
assumes any obligation or liability whatsoever to such purchaser in such regard. 
Considerations in relation to taxation of Reference Item Linked Notes 
Potential purchasers of Reference Item Linked Notes should be aware that stamp duty and other taxes and/or charges 
may be levied in accordance with the laws and practices in countries where the Reference Item Linked Notes are 
transferred and/or where any potential reference items are delivered, or elsewhere. 
The considerations set out under this "Considerations in relation to taxation of Reference Item Linked Notes" section 
do not consider the tax treatment of payments in respect of Reference Item Linked Notes. Potential purchasers of 
Reference Item Linked Notes should note that the tax treatment of payments in respect of Reference Item Linked 
Notes may be different (and in some cases significantly different) from these considerations. 
Potential purchasers of Reference Item Linked Notes who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult their 
own independent tax advisers. In addition, potential purchasers should be aware that tax laws and regulations and 
their application and interpretation by the relevant taxation authorities change from time to time. Accordingly, it is 
not possible to predict the precise tax treatment which will apply at any given time. 
Considerations Relating to Equity Linked Notes 
Considerations relating to whether an investment in Equity Linked Notes is suitable for a particular investor 
Each potential investor should determine whether an investment in the Notes is appropriate in its particular 
circumstances. An investment in Equity Linked Notes requires a thorough understanding of the nature of the relevant 
transaction. Potential investors should be experienced with respect to an investment in the Equity Linked Notes and 
be aware of the related risks. 
An investment in Equity Linked Notes is only suitable for potential investors who: 
(a) 
have the requisite knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to evaluate the merits and 
risks of an investment in the Equity Linked Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference 
into this document; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate such merits and risks in the context 
of the potential investor's particular financial situation and to evaluate the impact the Notes will have on 
their overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Equity Linked Notes and are familiar with the behaviour of the 
relevant underlying security or index and financial markets; 
(d) 
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in the Equity Linked Notes until the maturity date 
of the Equity Linked Notes; 
(e) 
recognise that it may not be possible to dispose of the Equity Linked Notes for a substantial period of time, 
if at all, before the maturity date; and 
(f) 
are able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial and legal adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect the investment in the Equity Linked Notes and the 
investor's risks. 
Equity Linked Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as 
a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Equity Linked Notes Notes unless such potential investor has the 
expertise (either alone or with a financial and legal adviser) to evaluate how the Equity Linked Notes will perform

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Equity Linked Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Investors should refer to the Risk Factor entitled "Risks Relating to Equity Linked Notes" for information on the risks 
relating to these types of investment. 
Considerations relating to exchange rates and exchange controls 
Investors should consult their financial and legal advisers as to any specific risks entailed by an investment in Equity 
Linked Notes that are denominated or payable in, or the return on which is linked to values for a relevant underlying 
security or index denominated in a currency other than the currency of the country in which such investor resides or 
in which such investor conducts its business, which is referred to as their home currency. Such Equity Linked Notes 
are not appropriate investments for investors who are not sophisticated in foreign currency transactions.  
Investors should refer to the Risk Factor entitled "Exchange rates and exchange controls may affect the value or 
return of the Equity Linked Notes" for information on the risks relating to such an investment. 
Legal and Regulatory Considerations  
Risks in Relation to Spanish Taxation  
Royal Decree Law 8/2014, of 4 July, introduced a 0.03% tax on bank deposits in Spain. This tax is payable annually 
by Spanish banks. There can be no assurance that additional national or transnational bank levies or financial 
transaction taxes will not be adopted by the authorities of the jurisdictions where the Bank operates.   
Risks related to the Spanish withholding tax regime 
All payments by the Issuer will be made free and clear of, and without any deduction or withholding for or on account 
of, any Luxembourg taxes, except as stated in the Notes, and in particular, save for witholding tax for or on account 
of, any Luxembourg taxe levied pursuant to the Luxembourg law dated 23 December 2005, as amended. 
Payments under the Guarantee may be characterised as an indemnity and, accordingly, as provided for under Spanish 
legislation, the Guarantor shall not be required to make any withholding or deduction from any payment due under 
the Notes for or on account of any taxes and duties of whatever nature imposed by the Kingdom of Spain. 
However, although no clear precedent, statement of law or regulation exists in relation thereto, in the event that the 
Spanish tax authorities take the view that the Guarantor has validly, legally and effectively assumed all obligations 
of the Issuer subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Guarantee, the Spanish tax authorities may 
attempt to impose withholding tax in the Kingdom of Spain on any payments made by the Guarantor, unless: 
(i) 
the recipient is resident for tax purposes in a Member State of the European Union, other than Spain, or in a 
state member of the European Economic Area with which there is an effective exchange of tax information with 
Spain (each an EEA Jurisdiction), or is a permanent establishment of such resident situated in another Member State 
of the European Union or EEA Jurisdiction not resident in or acting through a territory considered as a tax haven or 
non-cooperative jurisdiction pursuant to Spanish law nor through a permanent establishment in Spain or in a country 
outside the European Union or an EEA Jurisdiction, or 
(ii) 
the recipient is resident of a state with which Spain has entered into a Double Taxation Treaty which makes 
provision for full exemption from tax imposed in Spain on such payment under the Double Taxation Treaty, or 
(iii)  
any other withholding tax exemption applies under Spanish law, 
PROVIDED THAT in either case of (i) and (ii) above, such recipient submits to the Guarantor the relevant tax 
residence certificate, issued by the corresponding tax authorities in its own jurisdiction stating its residence for tax 
purposes either within the relevant European Union Member State/EEA Jurisdiction or in the relevant country for the 
purposes of the Double Taxation Treaty, such certificate being valid for the period of one year beginning from its 
date of issue under Spanish law. 
Additional information on the BRRD and SRM Regulation 
In accordance with article 20 of Law 11/2015, a relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail in any of 
the following circumstances: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in significant breach of its solvency or any 
other requirements necessary for maintaining its authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, 
less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or (iv) it

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). The determination that a relevant 
entity is no longer viable may depend on a number of factors which may be outside of that relevant entity's control. 
As provided in the BRRD and the SRM Regulation, Law 11/2015 contains four resolution tools and powers, which 
may be used alone or in combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) a relevant entity is 
failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent 
the failure of such relevant entity within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest, 
are: (i) sale of business – which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or the whole or 
part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all 
or part of the business of the relevant entity to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly 
or partially in public control), which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity to meet its repayment obligations; 
(iii) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer certain categories of assets (including impaired 
or problem assets) to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a 
view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another 
resolution tool only); and (iv) the general bail-in tool. 
Pursuant to Law 11/2015 the adoption of any early intervention or resolution procedure shall not itself constitute an 
event of default or entitle any counterparty of the Issuer or Guarantor to exercise any rights it may otherwise have in 
respect thereof and any provision providing for such rights shall further be deemed not to apply. However, this does 
not limit the ability of a counterparty to declare any event of default and exercise its rights accordingly where an 
event of default arises either before or after the exercise of any such early intervention or resolution procedure and 
does not necessarily relate to the exercise of any relevant measure or power which has been applied pursuant to Law 
11/2015. 
EU Banking Reforms  
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published, among others, a proposal for a European Regulation 
amending CRR, two European Directives amending the CRD IV and the BRRD I and a proposal for a European 
Regulation amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment 
firms in the framework of a SRM and a SRF and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010.  
On 27 June 2019, Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures ("CRD V"); BRRD II; Regulation 
(EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending CRR as regards the leverage 
ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market 
risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting 
and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) 648/2012 ("CRR II"); and Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing 
and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms (together with CRD V, BRRD II and CRR II, 
the "EU Banking Reforms") entered into force.  
However, most of the provisions of CRR II were not applicable until 28 June 2021 and CRD V and BRRD II have 
been very recently fully transposed into Spanish law through RDL 7/2021, the amendments to Royal Decree 84/2015, 
Royal Decree 1012/2015 made by Royal Decree 1041/2021, and to certain Bank of Spain Circulars made by Circular 
5/2021. As a result, it is uncertain how such amendments will affect the Issuer, the Guarantor or the investors and 
how the EU Banking Reforms will be implemented and applied by the relevant authorities.  
Moreover, on 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public consultation on technical 
aspects on a new review of BRRD ("BRRD III"), the SRM Regulation ("SRM Regulation III"), and Directive 
2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes ("DGSD 
II"). The consultation was open until 20 April 2021 and was split into two main sections: a section covering the 
general objectives of the review focus, and a section seeking technical feedback on stakeholders' experience with the 
current framework and the need for changes in the future framework, notably on (i) resolution, liquidation and other 
available measures to handle banking crises, (ii) level of harmonisation of creditor hierarchy in the EU and impact 
on no creditor worse-off principle, and (iii) depositor insurance. Legislative proposals for BRRD III, SRM Regulation 
III and DGSD II are to be tabled on Q4 2021. 
The EU Banking Reforms cover multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, the leverage ratio, mandatory 
restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, macroprudential tools, a new 
category of "non-preferred" senior debt that should only be bailed-in after junior ranking instruments but before other 
senior liabilities, changes to the definitions of Tier 2 and Additional Tier 1 instruments, the MREL framework and 
the integration of the TLAC standard into EU legislation.

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
Additionally, with regard to the European Commission's proposal to create a new asset class of "non- preferred" 
senior debt, on 27 December 2017, Directive 2017/2399 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking of 
unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy was published in the Official Journal of the European Union 
which sets forth a harmonised national insolvency ranking of unsecured debt instruments to facilitate the issuance by 
credit institutions of senior "non-preferred" instruments. It had to be transposed into national law by the EU member 
states by 29 December 2018, provided that the relevant EU member states had not been previously legislated in the 
sense of such Directive. Before that, Royal Decree-Law 11/2017, of 23 June, approving urgent measures on financial 
matters ("RDL 11/2017") created in Spain the new asset class of senior-non preferred debt. 
One of the main objectives of the EU Banking Reforms is to implement the TLAC standard and to integrate the TLAC 
requirement into the general MREL rules (the "TLAC/MREL Requirements") thereby avoiding duplication from 
the application of two parallel requirements. As mentioned above, although TLAC and MREL pursue the same 
regulatory objective, there are, nevertheless, some differences between them in the way they are constructed. The EU 
Banking Reforms integrate the TLAC standard into the existing MREL rules and to ensure that both requirements are 
met with largely similar instruments, with the exception of the subordination requirement, which will be partially 
institution-specific and determined by the resolution authority. Under the EU Banking Reforms, institutions such as 
the Bank would continue to be subject to an institution-specific MREL requirement, which may be higher than the 
Pillar 1 TLAC/MREL Requirements for G-SIIs contained in the EU Banking Reforms. 
Although the specific MREL requirements may vary depending on the specific characteristics of the credit entity (its 
application falls on resolution institution or resolution group, being entities subject to resolution following a Single 
Point of Entry or Multiple Point of Entry resolution strategy) and the resolution process, BRRD II together with CRR 
II introduce a relevant change for complying with MREL which now includes two different ratios (i) a risk ratio 
(percentage of total risk weighted assets of the resolution entity) and (ii) a non-risk ratio (percentage of the resolution 
entity's total exposure), as well as empower the relevant resolution authority to authorise or require (a) complying 
with additional CET1, Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital ratios (which was not foreseen in the previous MREL rules) 
and (b) that certain level of senior liabilities issued by the resolution entity can be subject to bail-in. 
MREL application is also subject to a diferent regime depending on the nature of the entity based on its resource 
volume and systemic profile. Thus, the MREL requirements are different for G-SIIs, "top tier" entities (which are not 
G-SIIs with aggregated asset volume of over €100 billion), O-SIIs (which are institutions that, due to their systemic 
importance, are more likely to create risks to financial stability) and the rest of the resolution institutions. In particular, 
G-SIIs, "top tier" banks and O-SIIs are subject to Pillar 1 requirements: 18 per cent. (including the combined buffer 
requirements under CRD IV), and 13 per cent. of risk weighted assets and 6.75 per cent. and 5 per cent. of leverage 
exposure, respectively for G-SIIs and "top tier" banks and O-SIIs. These requirements are complemented by further 
Pillar 2 requirements, which would be determined on a case-by-case basis for the rest of the resolution institutions. 
The EU Banking Reforms have introduced limited adjustments to the existing MREL rules ensuring technical 
consistency with the structure of any requirements for G-SIIs. Implementation of the TLAC/MREL Requirements 
will be phased-in from 1 January 2019 (a 16 per cent. minimum of the resolution group's risk weighted assets) to 1 
January 2022 (an 18 per cent. minimum of the resolution group's risk weighted assets). 
The EU Banking Reforms provide that a bank's failure to comply with its TLAC/MREL Requirements should be 
addressed by the relevant authorities on the basis of their powers to address or remove impediments to resolution, the 
exercise of their supervisory powers and their power to impose early intervention measures, administrative penalties 
and other administrative measures. If there is any shortfall in an institution's level of eligible liabilities and own funds, 
and the own funds of such institution are otherwise contributing to the "combined buffer requirement", those own 
funds will automatically be used instead to meet that institution's MREL requirement and will no longer count towards 
its "combined buffer requirement", which may lead the institution to fail to meet its "combined buffer requirement". 
Failure to meet the "combined buffer requirements" when consider in addition to the TLAC/MREL Requirements 
would require such institution to calculate its Maximum Distributable Amount, and the relevant resolution authority 
shall impose (but subject to a potential 9 months grace period) restrictions to make (i) distributions relating to CET1 
capital, (ii) payments in respect of variable remuneration or discretionary pension revenues and (iii) distributions 
relating to Additional Tier 1 instruments ("Discretionary Payments") above the Maximum Distributable Amount. 
As a result of the above, upon the entry into force of the EU Banking Reforms, the Bank must fully comply with its 
"combined buffer requirement" in addition to its TLAC/MREL Requirements in order to make sure that it is able to 
make Discretionary Payments.On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee's oversight body, the Group of Central 
Bank Governors and Heads of Supervision ("GHOS") published the finalisation of the Basel III post-crisis regulatory 
reform agenda. This review of the regulatory framework covers credit, operational and credit valuation adjustment 
("CVA") risks, introduces a floor to the consumption of capital by internal ratings-based methods ("IRB") and the 
revision of the calculation of the leverage ratio. The main features of the reform are: (i) a revised standard method for 
credit risk, which will improve the soundness and sensitivity to risk of the current method; (ii) modifications to the 
IRB methods for credit risk, including input floors to ensure a minimum level of conservatism in model parameters

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
and limitations to its use for portfolios with low levels of non- compliance; (iii) regarding the CVA risk, and in 
connection with the above, the removal of any internally modelled method and the inclusion of a standardised and 
basic method; (iv) regarding the operations risk, the revision of the standard method, which will replace the current 
standard methods and the advanced measurement approaches (AMA); (v) the introduction of a leverage ratio buffer 
for G-SIIs; and (vi) regarding capital consumption, it establishes a minimum limit on the aggregate results (output 
floor), which prevents the risk weighted assets of the banks generated by internal models from being lower than the 
72.5 per cent. of the risk weighted assets that are calculated with the standard methods of the Basel III framework. In 
August 2019 the EBA advised the European Commission on the introduction of the output floor and concluded that 
the revised framework should be implemented by using the floored risk weighted assets as a basis for all the capital 
layers, including the systemic risk buffer and the Pillar 2 capital requirement. 
In July 2020 the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision ("BCBS") endorsed the final targeted revision to the CVA 
framework which replace the earlier version from 2017. The revised standard comes into effect on 1 January 2023. It 
incorporates changes proposed in a November 2019 consultative document. The revision includes recalibrated risk 
weights, a different treatment for certain client cleared derivatives, and an overall recalibration of the standardised 
approach CVA and the basic approach CVA.  
The GHOS have extended the implementation of the revised minimum capital requirements for market risk until 
January 2022, to coincide with the implementation of the reviews of credit, operational and CVA risks. 
On 27 March 2020, among the package of measures in reaction to the covid-19 outbreak described above, the GHOS 
announced a deferral of Basel III post-crisis regulatory reform implementation until January 2023 to increase 
operational capacity of banks and supervisors to respond to covid-19.

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes should 
be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, the Applicable Transaction Terms and the documents 
incorporated by reference. 
Information relating to the Issuer 
 
The Issuer: 
Bankinter International Notes S.àr.l. 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 529900QGCKTS5X3AG225. 
 
Bankinter International Notes S.àr.l. a private limite liability company 
(société à responsabilité limitée) incorporated on 22 December 2021 
under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and in particular 
the law dated 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended 
(the “Companies Act”) for an unlimited duration with its registered 
office at 46A avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg trade and 
companies register (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, 
Luxembourg) under number B262854.  
Business: 
The principal objects of the Issuer are set forth in Article 4 of its 
articles of association and are the issuance of financial instruments. 
Managers: 
The Managers of the Issuer are as follows: 
 
Name 
Principal Occupation 
 
Andrés 
Muñoz 
Serrano  
Chairman - Financial Accounting Director of 
Bankinter, S.A. - Resident Spain) 
 
Adolfo Gutierrez 
Gonzalez  
Manager 
- 
I.T. 
Director 
of 
Bankinter 
Luxembourg - Resident Lux 
 
Adolfo-Teodoro 
De Leste Portoles 
Manager - Asset Manager Director of Bankinter 
Luxembourg - Resident Lux) 
 
Hector 
Esteban 
Moreno  
Manager - General Director of Bankinter 
Luxembourg - Resident Lux) 
 
Natalia 
Melero 
Bermejo  
Manager - Director of Bankinter Network 
Distribution, S.A.) 
 
Information Relating to the Guarantor 
 
The Guarantor and the Group: 
Bankinter, S.A. is domiciled in Spain and has its registered office at 
Paseo de la Castellana 29, 28046 Madrid where the principal 
operating headquarters are located in Paseo de la Castellana 29, 28046 
Madrid. The telephone number of the principal operating 
headquarters of the Bank is +34 91 339 7500.  
 
The Guarantor is a Spanish company with legal status as a public 
limited company (sociedad anónima), with the status of a bank and is 
governed by the Restated Spanish Companies Act (Texto Refundido 
de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital), approved by Royal Legislative 
Decree 1/2010, of 2 July (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de 
julio, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley de Sociedades 
de Capital). The Guarantor is subject to special legislation for credit 
institutions in general, the supervision, control and regulation of the 
European Central Bank and, as a listed company, the regulatory 
supervision of the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión 
Nacional del Mercado de Valores) and, as a credit institution, to Law 
10/2014, of 26 June on the management, supervision and solvency of 
credit institutions and Royal Decree 84/2015, of 13 February,

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
developing Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on ordination, supervision and 
solvency of credit institutions. 
Business: 
The Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries are a financial group 
operating through a network of offices and subsidiaries across Spain, 
Luxembourg, Portugal and other European countries, offering a wide 
range of financial products.  
 
At 31 December 2020, the Group had a market capitalisation over 
€4,600 millions, shareholders' equity of € 269,659,846.20 and total 
assets of € 96.252.093 (in thousands).  
Directors and Employees 
The members of the Board of Managers of the Bank as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus are as follows:  
Pedro Guerrero Guerrero 
Cartival, S.A.  
María Dolores Dancausa Treviño 
Marcelino Botín-Sanz de Sautuola y Naveda 
Fernando Masaveu Herrero 
María Teresa Pulido Mendoza 
Teresa Martín-Retortillo Rubio 
Álvaro Álvarez-Alonso Plaza 
María Luisa Jordá Castro  
Fernando Francés Pons 
Cristina García-Peri Álvarez 
Description of the Programme 
 
Description: 
Guaranteed Structured Notes Programme (the "Programme"). 
Arranger and Dealer: 
Bankinter, S.A. 
Dealers: 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
Dealer(s) under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of a single Tranche or in respect of the Programme. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Bankinter, S.A.  
Listing: 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank, as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central 
Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the requirements 
imposed under Irish and EU law pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation. Application has been made to The Irish Stock Exchange 
plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for the Notes to 
be admitted to its Official List and trading on its regulated market, if 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Size: 
Up to EUR 4,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any 
one time. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements, Notes may be denominated in 
Euros or U.S. dollars or in any other currency or currencies. Payments 
in respect of Notes may, subject to such compliance, be made in 
and/or linked to, any currency or currencies other than the currency 
in which such Notes are denominated. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations, central bank requirements and directives.  
 
Any Notes issued with an original legal maturity of less than one year 
must comply with the Central Bank's notice of exemptions granted 
under section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act, 1971 as amended (BSD

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
C01/02) and, inter alia, have a minimum Specified Denomination of 
EUR 125,000. In addition such Notes must bear the following legend: 
 
"An investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit 
and does not have the protection of the deposit protection scheme 
operated by the Central Bank of Ireland. The Issuer is not regulated 
by the Central Bank of Ireland by virtue of the issue of the Notes." 
Denomination: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency (see "Maturities" above) and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €1,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency). 
Final Terms, Drawdown Prospectus or 
Pricing Supplement: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) pursuant 
to this Base Prospectus and associated Applicable Transaction Terms, 
or (2) pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes will be the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as (i) completed by the applicable Final 
Terms in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin, (ii) supplemented, amended and/or replaced to 
the extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus or (iii) 
supplemented, amended or replaced by the applicable Pricing 
Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in one or more Series (which may be issued on 
the same date or which may be issued in more than one Tranche on 
different dates). The Notes may be issued in Tranches on a continuous 
basis with no minimum issue size, subject to compliance with all 
applicable laws, regulations and directives. Further Notes may be 
issued as part of an existing Series. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form, with or without interest coupons 
("Bearer Notes"). 
 
Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes will, unless otherwise specified, only be sold outside the 
United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S and 
will, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
be represented by a Global Note deposited: 
 
(a) 
in the case of a global note which is not intended to be issued 
in new global note form (a "Classic Global Note" or 
"CGN"), as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms, with or on behalf of a common depositary located 
outside the United States for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg; or  
 
(b) 
in the case of a global note which is intended to be issued in 
new global note form (a "New Global Note" or "NGN"), as 
specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, with 
a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  
Interests in a Global Note will be exchangeable  in whole but not in 
part for a definitive Notes in bearer form in the limited circumstances 
described in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a premium to their 
principal amount. The Issue Price and amount of Notes to be issued 
under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
Fixed Interest Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrears on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest set separately for each Series 
by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or €STR (or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, such other benchmark as may be specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) as adjusted for any applicable margin. 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Reference Item Linked Interest Notes: 
The Applicable Transaction Terms issued in respect of each issue of 
reference item linked interest Notes will specify the relevant type of 
Note and the amounts of interest payable will be calculated as 
provided in the conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus 
for that type of Note, which may be by reference to equity, a constant 
maturity swap, an inflation index, an equity index, a fund, reference 
entity, a foreign exchange rate, an EU emissions allowance contract 
or a formula (or in the case of Exempt Notes such other underlying 
reference item as may be set out in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement).  
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time 
or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. All such information will be set 
out in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Settlement of the Notes: 
Notes may be cash settled, as provided in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Applicable Transaction Terms issued in respect of each issue of 
Notes which are redeemable in two or more instalments will set out 
the date on which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be 
redeemed. 
Other Notes: 
Terms applicable to high interest Notes, low interest Notes, step-up 
Notes, step-down Notes, dual currency Notes, reverse dual currency 
Notes, optional dual currency Notes and any other type of Note which 
the Issuer, and any Dealer or Dealers may agree to issue under the 
Programme will be set out in the Pricing Supplement or in a 
Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Applicable Transaction Terms issued in respect of each issue of 
Notes will state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the Noteholders, and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption.  
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above or as otherwise 
specifically provided in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only 
for tax reasons.

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
Information requirements under Spanish 
Law: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax 
Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 7 (Taxation). In the event that 
any such deduction is made, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 7 (Taxation), be required to pay such additional amounts to 
cover the amounts so deducted as will result in receipt by the 
Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received by them 
had no such withholding or deduction been required.  
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Guarantee and all non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them are governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Spanish law. 
With regard to the Issuer and for the avoidance of doubt, Articles 
470-1 to 470-19 of the Companies Act, are hereby excluded. No 
Noteholder may start proceedings against the Issuer which are based 
on article 470-21 of the Companies Act. 
Selling Restrictions: 
United States, United Kingdom, EEA Retail Investors, UK Retail 
Investors, Spain, and Portugal. See "Plan of Distribution". 
 
In connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes, additional selling restrictions may be imposed which will be 
set out in the Pricing Supplement. 
Risk Factors: 
Prospective investors should understand the risks of investing in any 
type of Note before they make their investment decision. They should 
make their own independent decision to invest in any type of Note 
and as to whether an investment in such Note is appropriate or proper 
for them based upon their own judgement and upon advice from such 
advisers as they consider necessary. 
 
For a description of certain risks involved in investing in the Notes, 
see "Risk Factors". 
 
Risk factors are designed both to protect investors from investments 
from which they are not suitable and to set out the financial risks 
associated with an investment in a particular type of Note. 
Representation of Noteholders: 
The interest of the Noteholders shall be protected and the Noteholders 
represented by either the Meetings of Noteholders or the Syndicate of 
Noteholders, as applicable, in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
ISSUE OF NOTES 
Notes will be issued on a continuous basis in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms 
otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
"Tranche") on different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be, save in respect of the issue 
date, issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount of the Tranche, identical to the terms of other Tranches 
of the same Series) will be set forth in Applicable Transaction Terms to this Base Prospectus (the form of which is 
set out in "Pro Forma Final Terms" or "Pro Forma Pricing Supplement" below) or, as the case may be, in a 
Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable).

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, the Base Prospectus:  
(1) 
the English language translations of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor for the 
years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, together with the auditor's reports thereon, prepared 
in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union; and  
(2) 
the unaudited consolidated interim financial report for the Guarantor for the four-month period ended 31 
December 2021; 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
English translations of Documents (1) above are available at:   
https://webcorporativa.bankinter.com/stf/traducciones/ingles/web_corporativa/accionistas_e_inversores/info_financ
iera/memoria/2019/bankinter_and_subsidiaries_audit_report_2019_and_informe.pdf 
and 
https://webcorporativa.bankinter.com/stf/traducciones/ingles/web_corporativa/accionistas_e_inversores/info_financ
iera/memoria/2020/consolidated_bankinter__web.pdf 
An 
English 
translation 
of 
Document 
(2) 
above 
is 
available 
at: 
https://webcorporativa.bankinter.com/stf/web_corporativa/accionistas_e_inversores/info_financiera/resultados/2021
/cuarto_trimestre/4q21.pdf

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
APPLICABLE TRANSACTION TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the information 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits 
and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor and of the rights attaching to the Notes. In relation to the 
different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer and the Guarantor have endeavoured 
to include in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which 
is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue 
of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order to 
complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes which are not Exempt Notes will be contained 
either in the applicable Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be contained in the 
applicable Final Terms unless any of such information constitutes a significant new factor relating to the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus in which case such information, together with all of the other necessary information 
in relation to the relevant series of Notes, may be contained in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which are not Exempt Notes and are the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for 
the purposes of that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final 
Terms are the Conditions as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
For a Tranche of Notes which are Exempt Notes, any information which is not included in this Base Prospectus and 
which is required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to such Tranche of Notes will be contained 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Such Pricing Supplement will, for the purposes of that Tranche only, complete 
this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable 
to any particular Tranche of Notes which are Exempt Notes and are subject to a Pricing Supplement are the 
Conditions, as supplemented, amended or replaced by the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each 
reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms (or Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) shall be read and construed as a reference to such 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary information relating 
to the Issuer and the Guarantor and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which will include the additional terms and conditions contained 
in Annex 1 in the case of Equity Linked Notes, Annex 2 in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes and 
Annex 3 in relation to Payouts and which, subject to completion by the applicable Final Terms (in the case of Notes 
other than Exempt Notes (as defined below)) or the applicable Pricing Supplement (in the case of Exempt Notes), 
which will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and endorsed upon each definitive 
Note representing each Series and, subject further to simplification by deletion of non-applicable provisions, will be 
endorsed on such definitive Bearer Notes, details of the relevant Series being shown on the relevant definitive Notes 
and in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the case may be. References in the Conditions to "Notes" 
are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes which may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an agency agreement dated on or around 18 February 2022 (the "Agency 
Agreement") between Bankinter International Notes S.àr.l. as issuer (the "Issuer"), Bankinter, S.A. as guarantor (the 
"Guarantor") and Bankinter, S.A., acting as principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent") (the Principal 
Paying Agent and any additional or other paying agents in respect of the Notes from time to time appointed, the 
"Paying Agents") and Bankinter, S.A. acting as transparency directive agent (the “Transparency Directive Agent”). 
The Guarantor has, for the benefit of the Noteholders from time to time, executed and delivered an unconditionally 
and irrevocably guarantee on first demand dated on or around 18 February 2022 (the "Guarantee") under which it 
has guaranteed the due and punctual payment and/or delivery of all amounts due by the Issuer under the Notes. The 
initial Calculation Agent(s) (if any) is specified on the Notes. The holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders" or 
"Holders"), the holders of the interest coupons (the "Coupons") appertaining to interest bearing Notes in bearer form 
(the "Couponholders") and the holders of the instalment receipts (the "Receipts") appertaining to the payment of 
principal by instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to 
them.  
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Guarantee are available for inspection at the specified offices of each of the 
Paying Agent. 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or more 
tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a set of Applicable Transaction Terms (the 
"Applicable Transaction Terms") which completes or, in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined below), modifies or 
supplements these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. In the event of 
any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms shall prevail. The Applicable Transaction Terms will comprise either (a) the final terms for this 
Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) as set out in Part A of the Final Terms (the "Final Terms") attached to or 
endorsed on this Note, or (b) if this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area or in the United Kingdom nor offered in the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA"), as the case may be, (an "Exempt Note"), the final terms for this Note 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) as set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") 
attached to or endorsed on this Note and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent inconsistent 
with the Conditions, supplement amend or replace the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. Any reference in 
these Conditions to "Applicable Transaction Terms" and/or "relevant Applicable Transaction Terms" will be deemed 
to be a reference to "Final Terms" and/or "applicable Final Terms"; and/or "Pricing Supplement" and/or "applicable 
Pricing Supplement", as appropriate in respect of each Series of Notes. Where this Note is issued under a standalone 
prospectus (a "Drawdown Prospectus"), references to the Applicable Transaction Terms, Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be references to the Drawdown Prospectus, as the context 
requires. The expression "Prospectus Regulation' means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
1. 
Definitions 
See also Condition 17 (Additional Definitions) below. 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms; 
"Adjustment Spread" means, in respect of any Replacement Reference Rate, the adjustment, if any, to such 
Replacement Reference Rate that the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, where relevant having regard to any Industry Standard Adjustment, which

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
is required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic 
value from the Issuer to the Noteholders (or vice versa) that would otherwise arise as a result of the 
replacement of the relevant Reference Rate with the relevant Replacement Reference Rate. Any such 
adjustment may take account of, without limitation, any transfer of economic value (which may be a value 
anticipated or estimated by the Calculation Agent) as a result of any difference in the term structure or tenor 
of the Replacement Reference Rate by comparison to the relevant Reference Rate. The Adjustment Spread 
may be positive, negative or zero, or determined pursuant to a formula or methodology. If a spread or 
methodology for calculating a spread has been formally designated, nominated or recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate with a relevant 
Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate, then, where the Replacement Reference Rate is the Alternative 
Post-nominated Reference Rate, the Adjustment Spread shall be determined on the basis of such 
recommendation (adjusted as necessary to reflect the fact that the spread or methodology is used in the 
context of the Notes); 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Modification or Cessation Event, a Non-Approval Event, a Rejection Event or a Suspension/Withdrawal 
Event, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event Date" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the date determined by 
the Calculation Agent to be the later of the Issue Date and: 
(a) 
in respect of a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event, (A) in the event of a Benchmark 
Modification or Prohibition of Use, the effective date of the material change or prohibition of use 
of such Reference Rate or (B) in the event of a Benchmark Cessation, the first day on which such 
Reference Rate is no longer available; 
(b) 
in respect of a Non-Approval Event, the date on which the relevant authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval, inclusion in any official register or 
regulatory or legal requirement is required under any applicable law or regulation in order for any 
of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the 
Notes; 
(c) 
in respect of a Rejection Event, the date on which, following the rejection or refusal of the relevant 
application for authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, an equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity 
is not permitted under any applicable law or regulation to perform its obligations in respect of the 
Notes; and 
(d) 
in respect of a Suspension/Withdrawal Event, the date on which following (A) the suspension or 
withdrawal by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body of the relevant 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval, or (B) the 
date on which such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate is 
removed from the official register, as applicable, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other 
entity is not permitted under any applicable law or regulation to perform its obligations in respect 
of the Notes; 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or 
indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes "control" means ownership of a 
majority of the voting power of an entity or person or, if the Calculation Agent determines appropriate, the 
power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the First Entity, whether by contract, 
or otherwise; 
"Alternative Industry Standard Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, a rate that is, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, recognised or acknowledged as being an industry standard (or 
otherwise customarily widely adopted) replacement rate for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference such Reference Rate (which may include (i) an interpolation of other tenors of such Reference 
Rate, (ii) a rate or fall-back rate, or methodology for calculating a rate or fall-back rate, (iii) a rate selected 
or recommended by a relevant trade association, working group, task-force or committee or (iv) a rate that 
has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Nominating Body for the currency of such Reference 
Rate), which recognition or acknowledgment may, but does not have to, be in the form of a press release, a 
member announcement, a member advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard terms or otherwise by 
ISDA or any other industry body, or relevant trade association, working group, task-force or committee;

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
"Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, any interest rate, 
index, benchmark or other price source which is formally designated, nominated or recommended by:  
(a) 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(b) 
the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate,  
in each case, to replace such Reference Rate. If a replacement interest rate, index, benchmark or other price 
source is designated, nominated or recommended under both paragraphs (a) and (b) above, then the 
replacement interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source designated, nominated or recommended 
under paragraph (a) shall be the Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate; 
"Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the first of the indices, 
benchmarks or other price sources specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms which is not subject 
to a Reference Rate Event; 
"Amortised Face Amount" means, in respect of Zero Coupon Notes, an amount calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis 
of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or Early Redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual 
number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or Early Redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or Early 
Redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and 
the denominator will be 365); 
"Associated Costs" means an amount per principal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount 
equal to such Notes' pro rata share of the total amount of any and all costs associated or incurred by the 
Issuer, any Affiliate and/or Hedging Party in connection with an early redemption, including, without 
limitation, any costs associated with unwinding, substituting, re-establishing and/or incurring any funding 
relating to the Notes and/or any costs associated with unwinding, substituting, re-establishing and/or 
incurring any Hedging Arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
"Benchmark" means any figure by reference to which any amount payable or deliverable under the Notes, 
or the value of the Notes, is determined in whole or in part, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate any of the following 
has occurred or will occur: 
(a) 
any material change in such Reference Rate (including, but not limited to, any material change to 
the definition of, or the methodology or formula for the determination of, such Reference Rate or 
other means of calculating such Reference Rate) (a "Benchmark Modification");  
(b) 
permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Reference Rate (a 
"Benchmark Cessation"); or 
(c) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Reference Rate such that any of 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity is unable to perform its obligations in respect 
of the Notes (a "Prohibition of Use");

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended from time to time; 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET2 Settlement Day or (ii) in relation to 
any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency; and  
(b) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms (other than 
TARGET2);  
(c) 
and if TARGET2 is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as an Additional Business 
Centre, a TARGET2 Settlement Day; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the 
following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the 
calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such date 
should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date will be 
the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in 
which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a Business Day, 
then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day in the calendar month 
which is the specified number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date 
occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Person specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as 
may be specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" means, in relation to any Notes, (i) where the Notes have only one Specified 
Denomination, such Specified Denomination, and (ii) where the Notes have more than one Specified 
Denomination, the lowest common factor of those Specified Denominations;

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
"Cash Settled Notes" means Notes for which settlement will be by way of cash settlement, as provided in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Cut-off Date" means, in respect of a Reference Rate and: 
(a) 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the later of (a) 60 Business Days following the day on which 
the Calculation Agent determines that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred and (b) the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date; or 
(b) 
a Reference Rate Cessation Event, the later of (i) 60 Business Days following the day on which a 
relevant public statement is made or relevant information is published in respect of a Reference 
Rate Cessation Event and (ii) the Reference Rate Cessation Event Date; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time not comprising a complete year (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the 
"Calculation Period") such day count fraction as may be specified in these conditions or the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which it falls, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2









--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; and 
(h) 
if "1/1" or "1" is so specified, one; 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
 
1
2
1
2
1
2








360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
 
1
2
1
2
1
2









--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, if "Not Applicable" is specified in respect of 
the Day Count Fraction in the Applicable Transaction Terms, no Day Count Fraction will be taken into 
account in the calculation of any interest in respect of the Notes; 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
(which may be expressed as a percentage of the Calculation Amount or an amount per Calculation Amount) 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. If 
"Market Value less Associated Costs" is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, this amount will be 
the fair market value of such Notes less Associated Costs. The Early Redemption Amount will be subject 
where applicable to the provisions of the definition "Fair Market Value Interest Element"; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount (which may be expressed as a percentage of the Calculation Amount or an amount per Calculation 
Amount) as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms and subject where applicable to the provisions of the definition "Fair Market Value Interest Element"; 
"Equity Linked Notes" means Single Share Linked Notes, Share Basket Linked Notes, Single Share Index 
Linked Notes, Share Index Basket Linked Notes, each as defined in Annex 1 (Provisions relating to Equity 
Linked Notes) of these Conditions; 
"Euro-zone" means the member states of the European Union that are participating in the third stage of 
European Monetary Union; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Fair Market Value Interest Element" means, if "Fair Market Value Interest Element" is specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, then notwithstanding any other provision in the Conditions, 
no amount of accrued interest will be payable on early redemption of the Notes, but the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax) or Early Redemption Amount (as applicable) will take into account or (as applicable and 
without double counting) be increased by the fair market value (if any) of the interest element of the relevant 
Notes; 
"Final Redemption Amount" shall be an amount in respect of each Calculation Amount equal to, the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by: (i) the percentage or (ii) the Final Payout, in each case as specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be). For the avoidance of 
doubt, if the Final Payout is zero or negative, no amount shall be payable on the final redemption of the 
Note; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"General Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that (1) a General 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur or (2) any authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of a 
relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, 
obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent 
authority or other relevant official body, in each case, with the effect that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant 
Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes or (3) it is not commercially 
reasonable to continue the use of Benchmark in connection with the Notes from the perspective of the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent or the Issuer or the Calculation Agent suffers or will suffer an increased cost, in 
each case, as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or 
maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or 
any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in respect of 
the Notes and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a 
material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence) or (4) there has been a public statement 
or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the relevant Benchmark 
announcing that the relevant Benchmark is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, 
representative of any relevant underlying market(s); 
"General Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any of the 
following:

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
(a) 
any material change in such Benchmark; 
(b) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; or 
(c) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark; 
"Hedging Arrangements" means any underlying or related transaction(s), asset(s) or trading position(s) or 
arrangements the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents may enter into or hold from time to time 
(including, if applicable, on a portfolio basis) to hedge directly or indirectly and whether in whole or in part 
the credit or other price risk or funding of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to 
the Notes;  
"Hedging Party(ies)" means the Issuer and, if any, the entity with which the Issuer agrees the Hedging 
Transaction(s);  
"Hedging Transaction" means any transaction that the Issuer enters into in order to hedge its obligations in 
respect of the Notes; 
"IBOR Fallback Rate Adjustments Rule Book" means the IBOR Fallback Rate Adjustments Rule Book 
published by Bloomberg Index Services Limited (or a successor provider as approved and/or appointed by 
ISDA from time to time) as updated from time to time in accordance with its terms; 
"Industry Standard Adjustment" means, in respect of a Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread, the 
fixed spread adjustment published by Bloomberg Index Services Limited (or a successor provider as 
approved and/or appointed by ISDA from time to time) for the purpose of calculating fallback rates under 
the IBOR Fallback Rate Adjustments Rule Book (or any successor publication), or any other spread or 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread or payment (as applicable), that is, in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard (or being otherwise 
customarily widely adopted) for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference such Reference 
Rate (which may include (i) a spread or payment (as applicable) selected or recommended by a relevant 
trade association, working group or committee or (ii) a spread or payment (as applicable) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Nominating Body for the currency of such Reference Rate), which 
recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of a press release, a member announcement, a member 
advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard terms or otherwise by ISDA or any other industry body; 
"Index Linked Notes" means Equity Linked Notes other than Single Share Linked Notes and Share Basket 
Linked Notes; 
"Instalment Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date of issue of the Notes (the "Issue Date") or such other date 
as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to an Interest Rate and Interest Period, the date 
specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or, if none is so specified, the day falling two 
TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Euro;  
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as 
such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms and, 
if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance 
with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified 
Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date; 
"Interest Rate" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect 
of the Notes specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or any successor thereto ("ISDA"), as amended or supplemented from time to time (the 
"2006 Definitions"), provided that if the Calculation Agent determines this is appropriate by reference to 
the hedging arrangements for the relevant series of Notes, ISDA Definitions will mean any successor 
definitional booklet to the 2006 Definitions as supplemented from time to time for interest rate derivatives, 
all as determined as of the date of the relevant determination under this Condition; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Non-Approval Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the Calculation Agent 
that one or more of the following events has occurred: 
(a) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in 
respect of such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate has not been 
or will not be obtained; 
(b) 
such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate has not been or will 
not be included in an official register; or  
(c) 
such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate does not or will not 
fulfil any legal or regulatory requirement applicable to the Notes, the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent or such Reference Rate, 
in each case, as is or will be required under any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent and any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. For the 
avoidance of doubt, a Non-Approval Event shall not be deemed to occur if at the time of occurrence or 
continuation of any event described above, each of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity is 
permitted to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes;  
"Other Reference Item" means a reference item other than a share index, a share, an inflation index, a 
reference item rate, an exchange traded fund, a fund share, a fund unit, the credit of a specified entity or a 
foreign exchange rate, as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement for the purpose of determining any 
interest payable or the redemption amount in respect of the relevant Note; 
"Other Reference Item Linked Interest Note" means any Reference Item Linked Note in relation to which 
one or more interest amounts payable in respect of such Note are determined by reference to an Other 
Reference Item; 
"Other Reference Item Linked Note" means an Other Reference Item Linked Interest Note or an Other 
Reference Item Linked Redemption Note; 
"Other Reference Item Linked Redemption Note" means any Reference Item Linked Note in relation to 
which the redemption amounts payable in respect of such Note are determined by reference to an Other 
Reference Item; 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means the paid-up amount of each Calculation Amount from time to 
time;

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member 
State of the European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent;   
"Priority Fallback" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, if the definition of such Reference Rate includes 
a reference to a concept defined or otherwise described as an "index cessation event" (regardless of the 
contents of that definition or description), any fallback specified in that definition or description to apply 
following such an event (which may include, amongst others, the replacement of such Reference Rate with 
a replacement reference rate and/or the application of an adjustment spread to such replacement reference 
rate); 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Amortised Face Amount (in respect of Zero Coupon 
Notes) or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or, if none, four 
(or if the Principal Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the 
market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Item" means one or more underlying reference assets, entities or bases, as may be specified in 
the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Reference Item Linked Note" means a Note whose return (whether in respect of any interest payable on 
such Note and/or its redemption amount or the assets deliverable in respect of such Note) is linked to one or 
more Reference Items, including share indices, shares, inflation indices, reference item rate(s), fund shares 
or units, the credit of a specified entity or entities, foreign exchange rates or EU emissions allowance 
contracts or any Other Reference Item as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means one of EURIBOR, Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or 
Compounded Daily €STR, any rate (including any swap rate) to be determined pursuant to Condition 
4(b)(iv) or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any other rate, as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms. To the extent that a Replacement Reference Rate is determined to be used in respect of the Notes, 
such Replacement Reference Rate shall be a "Reference Rate" for the Notes during the period in which it is 
used; 
"Reference Rate Cessation Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the 
Calculation Agent that one or more of the following events has occurred: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such 
Reference Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide such Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide such Reference Rate; 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of such Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of such Reference Rate, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Reference Rate, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for such Reference Rate or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Reference Rate which states that 
the administrator of such Reference Rate has ceased or will cease to provide such Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide such Reference Rate;  
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of such Reference Rate announcing that the regulatory supervisor has determined that such 
Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative of the 
underlying market and economic reality that such Reference Rate is intended to measure and that 
representativeness will not be restored; or

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
(d) 
any event which otherwise constitutes an "index cessation event" (regardless of how it is actually 
defined or described in the definition of such Reference Rate) in relation to which a Priority 
Fallback is specified;  
"Reference Rate Cessation Event Date" means, in respect of a Reference Rate and the occurrence of a 
Reference Rate Cessation Event, the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the first day on which 
such Reference Rate is no longer provided or, if earlier, the first day on which such Reference Rate is no 
longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Reference Rate is intended to 
measure (where applicable); 
"Reference Rate Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the Calculation Agent 
that one or more of the following events has occurred: 
(a) 
a Reference Rate Cessation Event; or 
(b) 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event, 
provided that if, in respect of such Reference Rate, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise 
constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation 
Event, or (ii) both a Reference Rate Cessation Event and an Administrator/Benchmark Event would 
otherwise be continuing at the same time, it will in either case constitute a Reference Rate Cessation and 
will not constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event, unless the date that would otherwise 
have been the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date would have occurred prior to the relevant Reference 
Rate Cessation Event Date, in which case, such event will constitute an Administrator/Benchmark Event;  
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first Interest 
Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date to but 
excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only 
by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year 
to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not 
the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, interest 
is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a 
Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than 
the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Rejection Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the Calculation Agent that 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body rejects or refuses or will reject or refuse any 
application for authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, an equivalence decision, approval or 
inclusion in any official register which, in each case, is or will be required in relation to the Notes, such 
Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate under any applicable law or 
regulation for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Notes; 
"Relevant Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms 
or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received by the 
Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so 
received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Relevant Market Data" means, in relation to any determination by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, 
any relevant information including, without limitation, one or more of the following types of information:

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
(a) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant market supplied by one or more third 
parties including, without limitation, alternative benchmarks, relevant rates, prices, yields, yield 
curves, volatilities, spreads, correlations or other relevant market data in the relevant market, unless 
such information is not readily available or, if used to make a determination, would produce a result 
that is not commercially reasonable; or 
(b) 
information of the type described in paragraph (a) above from the Issuer's or the Calculation Agent's 
internal sources if that information is of the same type used by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, for adjustments to, or valuations of, similar transactions. 
Third parties supplying market data pursuant to paragraph (a) above may include, without limitation, central 
counterparties, exchanges, dealers in the relevant markets, end-users of the relevant product, information 
vendors, brokers and other recognised sources of market information; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate:  
(a) 
the central bank for the currency in which such Reference Rate is denominated or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising either such Reference Rate or 
the administrator of such Reference Rate; or  
(b) 
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (A) the central bank for the 
currency in which such Reference Rate is denominated, (B) any central bank or other supervisor 
which is responsible for supervising either such Reference Rate or the administrator of such 
Reference Rate, (C) a group of those central banks or other supervisors, or (D) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service (including, 
without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Replacement Reference Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate (if any); or 
(b) 
(A) if paragraph (a) above does not apply, an Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate or 
Alternative Industry Standard Rate for such Reference Rate, or (B) if the Calculation Agent 
determines that there is no Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate or Alternative Industry 
Standard Rate that is appropriate in relation to the Notes, any other interest rate, index, benchmark 
or other price source that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable 
alternative for such Reference Rate; 
"Share Linked Notes" means Equity Linked Notes other than Single Share Index Linked Notes and Share 
Index Basket Linked Notes. 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" means, in relation to any Notes, the denomination or denominations of such 
Notes specified as such in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms and may be expressed as (i) a currency 
amount or (ii) a currency amount and integral multiples of a second currency amount in excess of such 
currency amount; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Suspension/Withdrawal Event" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the 
Calculation Agent that one or more of the following events has occurred: 
(a) 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws or will 
suspend or withdraw any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision or approval in relation to such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
Reference Rate which is or will be required under any applicable law or regulation in order for any 
of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity to perform its obligations under the Notes; 
or  
(b) 
such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate is or will be removed 
from any official register where inclusion in such register is or will be required under any applicable 
law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity to 
perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not occur if, at the time of occurrence or 
continuation of any event described above, each of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity is 
permitted to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007; 
"TARGET2 Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open; and 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Bearer Notes  
The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"). 
Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, save in the case of Bearer Notes which do not bear 
interest or which are Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in which case references to interest 
(other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons in these Conditions are not 
applicable. Any Bearer Note, the principal amount of which is redeemable in instalments, is issued 
with one or more Receipts attached. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Receipts and Coupons shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered 
by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Bearer Note, Receipt 
or Coupon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Bearer Note, 
Receipt or Coupon, as the case may be, for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on account 
thereof and for all other purposes, whether or not such Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon, shall be 
overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing thereon 
made by anyone. 
In these Conditions, "holder" (in relation to a Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon) means the bearer of 
any Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon (as the case may be).   
(b) 
Definitions 
Capitalised terms have the meanings given to them herein, the absence of any such meaning 
indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. All capitalised terms which are not defined 
in these conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Bearer Notes. 
3. 
Guarantee and Status 
(a) 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and the Receipts and Coupons relating thereto constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and rateably without 
any preference among the obligations of the Issuer in respect of other Notes of the same Series of 
the Issuer and (subject to any applicable statutory exceptions and without prejudice as aforesaid) at 
least pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary 
obligations of the Issuer, present and future. 
(b) 
Guarantee 
The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment of all sums 
expressed to be payable and/or delivery of all assets expressed to be deliverable by the Issuer under 
the Notes, Receipts and Coupons. The obligations of the Guarantor in respect of the Notes constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured senior preferred obligations (créditos

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
ordinarios preferentes) of the Guarantor and rank pari passu without any preference in respect of 
other Notes of the same Series and in the event of the insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor will 
rank pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated senior preferred 
obligations (créditos ordinarios preferentes) of the Guarantor, except for such payment obligations 
that are preferred by law under Articles 242, 270 and 280 of RDL 1/2020 and any deposits described 
in Additional Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015 or, as the case may be, that are qualified as senior 
non-preferred debt under Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015 and subordinated debt by law 
under Article 281 of RDL 1/2020 or equivalent legal provisions which replace them in the future. 
Its obligations in that respect (the "Guarantee") are contained in the Guarantee. 
The claims of all creditors against the Guarantor considered as "ordinary preferred credits" will be 
satisfied pro rata in insolvency. Ordinary preferred credits rank above senior non-preferred ordinary 
credits, subordinated credits and the rights of shareholders. 
Pursuant to Article 152 of RDL 1/2020, the further accrual of interest shall be suspended from the 
date of declaration of the insolvency of the Guarantor. Claims of Noteholders in respect of interest 
accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure in respect of the 
Guarantor shall constitute subordinated claims against the Guarantor ranking in accordance with 
the provisions of Article 281 of RDL 1/2020 (including, without limitation, after claims on account 
of principal in respect of contractually subordinated obligations of the Guarantor in respect of 
instruments not qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments of the Guarantor). 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are also subject to the application of the general 
bail-in tool by the relevant resolution authority pursuant to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
and Law 11/2015. 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of the Guarantor arising on 
or after 3 February 2005, any indebtedness of the Issuer or any other person or entity in the form of, or 
represented by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which are or are capable of being 
quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter market or other securities market 
(for which purpose any such bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities shall be deemed not to 
be capable of being so quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in if the terms of the issue thereof expressly so 
provide) and where more than 50% thereof in aggregate principal amount are initially offered, sold or 
distributed outside the Kingdom of Spain ("Spain"); provided, however, that Relevant Indebtedness shall 
not include any indebtedness which is secured upon, or has a preferential right to, a specified pool of assets 
or revenues present or future, including, without limitation, cédulas hipotecarias issued in accordance with 
Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, of 2 November, on the transposition of European Union Directive 2019/2162 
of the European Parliament and of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond 
public supervision, as amended or superseded from time to time ("Cédulas Hipotecarias") or Cédulas 
Territoriales. 
4. 
Interest Provisions 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(i) 
Application: This Condition 4(a) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 6 (Payments ) and Condition 4(b)(vii) (Reference Item Linked Interest Notes). 
Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon 
due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount due is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 
4(a) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (A) the day on 
which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of 
the relevant Noteholder and (B) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying 
Agent (as the case may be) has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due 
in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment and/or delivery). 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount: If a Fixed Coupon Amount is specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for 
any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in 
respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. If a Broken Amount is specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the amount of interest payable in respect of the specified 
Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Broken Amount and, if the Notes are in more 
than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Broken Amount in respect of the 
relevant Specified Denomination. 
(iv) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for 
any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is not specified shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the 
product by the relevant Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure shall be rounded to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such 
Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case 
of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Floating Rate Notes, Reference Item Linked Notes and Other Reference Item Linked Interest 
Notes 
(i) 
Application: This Condition 4(b) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions Equity Linked Note Provisionsor Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms as being applicable 
in relation to the determination of interest or if the Other Reference Item Linked Interest 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus (as the case may be) as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 6 (Payments ) and Condition 4(b)(vii) (Reference Item Linked Interest Notes). 
Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon 
due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount due is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 
(as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (A) the day on which 
all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder and (B) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent 
has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment 
and/or delivery). 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest or Rate is/are 
to be determined, then, subject to the provisions of Condition 4(e), such Rate of Interest 
or the relevant Rate in respect of an Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the following basis and the Rate of Interest or Rate shall be determined in 
accordance with Condition 4(b)(v) (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) or Condition 
4(b)(vii) (in the case of Reference Item Linked Interest Notes): 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(B) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(C) 
if a Reference Rate Event has not occurred and, in the case of (A) above, such 
rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than two 
such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, the Rate of Interest or Rate will be such rate as is determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
regard to the nearest comparable benchmarks or other reference source(s) then 
available. 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest or Rate is/are to be 
determined, the Rate applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the relevant 
ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were 
acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (X) if the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is based on the London inter-bank offered rate 
(LIBOR) or (Y) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms, 
provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has not 
occurred but such ISDA Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the ISDA 
Definitions read with the above provisions and prior to the application of fallbacks in the 
ISDA Definitions (including, where applicable, any Reference Dealer (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) quotations or fallbacks set out in Supplement number 70 to the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (Amendments to the 2006 ISDA Definitions to include new IBOR 
fallbacks)) then, the ISDA Rate for the Relevant Determination Date shall be such rate as 
is determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner having regard to the nearest comparable benchmarks or other reference source(s) 
then available. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, unless otherwise stated in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(v) 
Rate of Interest: the Rate of Interest in relation to the Notes (other than Reference Item 
Linked Interest Notes) shall be determined as follows: 
(A) 
If "Margin Plus Rate" is specified as applicable in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the Rate of Interest will be equal to the Margin plus the Rate; 
(B) 
If "Specified Percentage Multiplied by Rate" is specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the Rate of Interest will be equal to the Specified 
Percentage multiplied by the Rate; or 
(C) 
If "Difference in Rates" is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms, the Rate of Interest will be equal to the Specified Percentage multiplied 
by (Rate – Rate 2), each of Rate and Rate 2 to be determined in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(iii) or (iv), as applicable. 
(D) 
SONIA 
Compounded Daily SONIA – non Index Determination  
If the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms 
as being Compounded Daily SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below and save where Index Determination applies, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus the Margin (if any), as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent:

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date (as further specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms) in accordance with the following formula, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (where in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant 
Interest Period or (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"d0" means (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Lag" is 
specified as the Observation Method) for any Interest Period, the number of 
London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period or (where in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) 
for any SONIA Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Lag" 
is specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest Period or (where 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method) the SONIA Observation Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any calendar day (other than a 
Saturday and Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni", for any day "i", means the number of calendar days from and including such 
day "i" up to but excluding the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) the 
number of London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period 
specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms;  
"SONIA Observation Period" means the period from and including the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date; 
"SONIA Reference Rate", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors (on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day); and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means:

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
(a) 
where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Lag" is specified 
as the Observation Method, (save as specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms) in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling 
in the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the 
London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such 
day; or 
(b) 
where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is specified 
as the Observation Method, (save as specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms) SONIAi, where SONIAi is, in respect of any 
London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant SONIA Observation 
Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for such London Banking Day. 
Compounded Daily SONIA – Index Determination 
If the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms 
as being Compounded Daily SONIA, and Index Determination is specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated by reference to the screen rate 
or index administered by the administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average reference rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or 
other information service from time to time at the relevant time on the relevant 
determination dates specified below, as further specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms (the "SONIA Compounded Index") and the 
following formula and the following formula and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. Such Rate of Interest will be plus the Margin (if any), as calculated by 
the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SONIA rate = 
d
x
Index
Compounded
SONIA
Index
Compounded
SONIA
x
y
365
1






 
where: 
"x" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior 
to the first day of the relevant Interest Period;  
"y" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which "x" is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which "y" is 
determined;  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any calendar day (other than a 
Saturday and Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
and 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms. 
(E) 
SOFR 
Compounded Daily SOFR – non Index Determination 
If the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms 
as being Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below and save where Index Determination applies, be

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
Compounded Daily SOFR plus the Margin (if any), as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent: 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the Interest Determination Date (as further specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms) as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
d
n
SOFR
o
d
i
i
pUSBD
i
360
1
360
1
1



















 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (where in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant 
Interest Period or (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method) the relevant SOFR Observation Period;  
"d0", means (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Lag" is 
specified as the Observation Method) for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period or (where 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method) for any SOFR Observation Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day (where in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method) in the relevant Interest Period or (where in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the SOFR 
Observation Period; 
"ni", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means the number of 
calendar days from and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day up to but excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day;  
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms; 
"SOFR Reference Rate", in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day ("USBDx"), is a reference rate equal to the daily secured overnight financing 
("SOFR") rate for such USBDx as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website or the website of any 
successor administrator for the publication of such rate (the "New York Federal 
Reserve’s Website") (in each case, on or about 5:00 p.m., New York City time, 
on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following such 
USBDx) or if the New York Federal Reserve’s Website is unavailable as 
otherwise published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator; 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" means: 
(a) 
where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms"Lag" is specified 
as the Observation Method, (save as specified in the relevant Applicable

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
Transaction Terms) in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SOFR 
Reference Rate for the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day; or 
(b) 
where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is specified 
as the Observation Method, (save as specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms) SOFRi, where SOFRi is, in respect of any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" falling in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for such day;  
"SOFR Observation Period" means in respect of each Interest Period, the 
period from and including the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to but excluding 
the date p U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the relevant 
Interest Payment Date; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day, except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Index Determination 
If the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SOFR, and Index Determination is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated by reference to the 
following formula and based on the SOFR Index (as defined below), as further 
specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of 
a percentage point e.g., 9.876541% (or .09876541) being rounded down to 
9.87654% (or .0987654) and 9.876545% (or .09876545) being rounded up to 
9.87655% (or .0987655). Such Rate of Interest will be plus the Margin (if any), 
all as calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SOFR = 
 
where: 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms; 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of 
the relevant Interest Period; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date relating to such Interest Period; 
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, the SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such index (or any successor administrator of index) 
as such index appears on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website or the website of any 
successor administrator for the publication of such index at 3:00 pm New York 
City time;

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day, except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities; and 
"dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to 
which SOFR IndexEnd is determined. 
(F) 
€STR 
If the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms 
as being Compounded Daily €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus the Margin (if 
any), as calculated by the Calculation Agent, as applicable (as specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) calculated as immediately set out below. 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short term 
rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fourth decimal 
place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
d
360
360
n
€STR
Relevant
o
d
i
i
i
















1
1
1
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in (where in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant 
Interest Period or (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method) the relevant €STR Observation Period; 
"d0" is the number of TARGET2 Business Days in (where in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the 
relevant Interest Period or (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms 
"Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant €STR Observation 
Period; 
"€STR Observation Period" means the period from (and including) the day 
falling "p" TARGET2 Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period to (but excluding) the day falling "p" TARGET2 Business Days prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date; 
"€STR Reference Rate", in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short term ("€STR") rate for such 
TARGET2 Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the 
website 
of 
the 
European 
Central 
Bank 
at 
https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html, or any successor website 
or the website of any successor administrator for the publication of such rate (the 
"ECB's Website") (in each case, on or about 9.00am., Central European Time, 
on the TARGET2 Business Day immediately following such TARGET2 
Business Day) or if the ECB’s Website is unavailable as otherwise published by 
or on behalf of the relevant administrator; 
"€STRi-pTBD" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day "i", the €STR 
reference rate for the TARGET2 Business Day falling "p" TARGET2 Business 
Days prior to the relevant TARGET2 Business Day "i";

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "d0", each representing the relevant 
TARGET2 Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET2 Business Day in (where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms 
"Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or 
(where in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method) the relevant €STR Observation Period; 
"ni", for any TARGET2 Business Day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from and including such TARGET2 Business Day "i" up to but excluding the 
following TARGET2 Business Day; 
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of TARGET2 Business 
Day specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) the 
number of TARGET2 Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms; 
"Relevant €STRi" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day "i": 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms, €STRi-pTBD; or 
(b) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms, €STRi-, where €STRi- is, in respect of 
any TARGET2 Business Day "i" falling in the relevant €STR 
Observation Period, the €STR Reference Rate for such day; and 
"TARGET2 Business Day" or "TBD" means a day on which the TARGET2 
System is open. 
(vi) 
Subject as provided in Condition 4(e), if in respect of any relevant determination date a 
relevant component value required for the determination of a Daily Compounded SONIA, 
Daily Compounded SOFR or Daily Compounded €STR, as applicable, has not been 
provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any successor 
administrator) or authorised distributors or the relevant website is not available, the 
relevant value in respect of such determination date will be the last such value provided 
prior to the relevant unavailability. 
(vii) 
Reference Item Linked Interest Notes: In the case of Reference Item Linked Interest Notes 
or Other Reference Item Linked Interest Notes, where the Rate of Interest and/or the 
Interest Amount (whether on any Interest Payment Date, early redemption, maturity or 
otherwise) is to be determined by reference to one or more Reference Items, the Rate of 
Interest and/or the Interest Amount shall be determined where applicable as provided 
below, in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms and, where applicable, the Payout 
Conditions. If the Applicable Transaction Terms specify that the Interest Amounts for 
such Reference Item Linked Interest Notes or Other Reference Item Linked Interest Notes 
is calculated as fixed amounts, each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount. 
(viii) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, then the Rate 
of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so 
specified. Unless otherwise stated in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Minimum 
Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero and in no event shall the Rate of Interest be 
less than zero. 
(ix) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, 
calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The 
Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency 
(half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation 
Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, 
the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(x) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms specifies that 
any other amount is to be calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, 
as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, 
calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(xi) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other 
amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to 
be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination. Notice thereof shall also 
promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate 
any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged 
to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and 
the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(xii) 
Notifications, etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and 
(subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
for such purposes. 
(c) 
Dual Currency Note Provisions 
(i) 
Application: This Condition 4(c) is applicable to the Notes only if the Dual Currency Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest: If the rate or amount of interest falls to be determined by reference to an 
exchange rate, the rate or amount of interest payable shall be determined in the manner 
specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Application: This Condition 4(d) is applicable only if the Zero Coupon Notes provisions are 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as being applicable. Zero Coupon Notes are Notes 
issued on a non-interest bearing basis and are offered and sold at a discount (other than a de minimis 
discount) to its nominal amount or at par and to which Zero Coupon Notes provisions are expressed 
to be applicable. 
(e) 
Reference Rate Event 
(i) 
Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event 
(A) 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Conditions, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of a Reference 
Rate, then: 
(1) 
if ISDA Determination applies pursuant to Condition 4(b)(iv), the 
Calculation Agent determines that such Reference Rate Event 
constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation Event in respect of the Floating 
Rate Option for a Reference Rate and if one or more Priority Fallback(s) 
are specified in the definition of such Floating Rate Option in the ISDA 
Definitions, then subject as provided below such Priority Fallback(s) 
shall apply and the Calculation Agent shall, without the consent of the

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
Noteholders, make such other adjustments to the Conditions (including, 
but not limited to, any Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day 
Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Amount, Interest 
Payment Date, Interest Period and Rate of Interest) in order to account 
for the effect of applying such Priority Fallback(s) and/or to preserve as 
nearly as practicable the economic equivalence of the Notes before and 
after the application of such Priority Fallback(s) either (i) on the 
arithmetic mean of the applicable prices or middle market quotations 
provided to it by two or more financial institutions engaged in the 
trading of the relevant underlying, (ii) in its absolute and sole own 
discretion, or (iii) according to the determinations made by the 
calculation agent to any Hedging Transactions. Fallbacks in the ISDA 
Definitions (including where applicable any reference bank quotations 
or fallbacks set out in Supplement number 70 to the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (Amendments to the 2006 ISDA Definitions to include new 
IBOR fallbacks)) will only be followed as provided for in this 
paragraph, if applicable, and subject as provided below; or 
(2) 
If (I) ISDA Determination does not apply pursuant to Condition 4(b)(iv) 
or such Reference Rate Event does not constitute a Reference Rate 
Cessation Event, or (II) such Reference Rate Event constitutes a 
Reference Rate Cessation Event, but (x) the specified Priority 
Fallback(s) fail to provide any appropriate means of determining the rate 
of interest, or (y) the Calculation Agent determines either (i) on the 
arithmetic mean of the applicable prices or middle market quotations 
provided to it by two or more financial institutions engaged in the 
trading of the relevant underlying, (ii) in its absolute and sole own 
discretion, or (iii) according to the determinations made by the 
calculation agent to any Hedging Transactions, that the application of 
the Priority Fallback(s) and/or any such adjustments would not achieve 
a commercially reasonable result for either the Issuer or the Noteholders 
or that it would be impracticable to apply the Priority Fallback(s) and/or 
to make any adjustments to the Conditions, or (z) no Priority Fallback(s) 
are specified in the definition of such Floating Rate Option in the ISDA 
Definitions, then the Calculation Agent shall, subject as provided below, 
seek to identify a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of such 
Reference Rate. If the Calculation Agent identifies a Replacement 
Reference Rate in respect of such Reference Rate prior to the Cut-off 
Date it shall: 
(x) 
seek to determine the related Adjustment Spread; and 
(y) 
determine the amendments (if any) to the Conditions of the 
Notes which it considers are necessary and/or appropriate 
according either (i) on the arithmetic mean of the applicable 
prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or 
more financial institutions engaged in the trading of the 
relevant underlying, (ii) in its absolute and sole own discretion, 
or (iii) according to the determinations made by the calculation 
agent to any Hedging Transactions, in order to replace such 
Reference Rate with the relevant Replacement Reference Rate 
(as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread) (the "Replacement 
Reference Rate Amendments"). 
Following the determination by the Calculation Agent of the 
Replacement Reference Rate and the related adjustments, the 
Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of such determination and the 
Conditions of the Notes shall be amended as of the Cut-off Date. Prior 
to the Cut-off Date, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices) of the occurrence of the relevant Reference 
Rate Event and the action to be taken in relation thereto.

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
(B) 
If the relevant Reference Rate Event is a Benchmark Modification, as an 
alternative to Condition 4(e)(i)(A) above, the Calculation Agent may instead 
prior to the Cut-off Date:  
(1) 
determine that no Replacement Reference Rate or other amendments to 
the Conditions of the Notes are required as a result of such Benchmark 
Modification; or  
(2) 
determine the adjustment(s) to the Conditions of the Notes as are 
necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such material 
change and the effective date of any such adjustment(s) according either 
(i) on the arithmetic mean of the applicable prices or middle market 
quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions engaged 
in the trading of the relevant underlying, (ii) in its absolute and sole own 
discretion, or (iii) according to the determinations made by the 
calculation agent to any Hedging Transactions. 
Following any such determination, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer 
of the action, if any, to be taken in relation thereto and, where adjustment(s) are 
required to be made to the Conditions of the Notes pursuant to Condition 
4(e)(i)(B)(2) above, the Conditions shall be amended as of the relevant effective 
date and the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) of the occurrence of the relevant Benchmark Modification and the 
action to be taken in relation thereto. No notice to Noteholders is required where 
Condition 4(e)(i)(B)(1) above applies. 
(ii) 
Early Redemption 
If:  
with respect to any Reference Rate Event, the Calculation Agent determines either (i) on 
the arithmetic mean of the applicable prices or middle market quotations provided to it by 
two or more financial institutions engaged in the trading of the relevant underlying, (ii) in 
its absolute and sole own discretion, or (iii) according to the determinations made by the 
calculation agent to any Hedging Transactions, that (1) it is not possible or commercially 
reasonable to identify a Replacement Reference Rate and/or determine any Adjustment 
Spread or the related Replacement Reference Rate Amendments prior to the Cut-off Date 
in accordance with Condition 4(e)(i)(A); or (2) 
(A) 
with respect to a Benchmark Modification, the Calculation Agent determines that 
Condition 4(e)(i)(B) above applies, but that it is not possible or commercially 
reasonable to make any amendments to the Conditions of the Notes which it 
determines are required following the occurrence of the Benchmark Modification 
prior to the Cut-off Date in accordance with such Condition 4(e)(i)(B) above; 
(B) 
it (i) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation 
or (ii) would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, for the Issuer or 
the Calculation Agent to perform the actions prescribed in these Conditions (or 
it would be unlawful or would contravene those licensing requirements were a 
determination to be made at such time);  
(C) 
the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Spread is or would be a 
benchmark, index or other price source whose production, publication, 
methodology or governance would subject the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to 
material additional regulatory obligations (such as the obligations for 
administrators under BMR); or  
(D) 
the Calculation Agent determines that having identified a Replacement Reference 
Rate and determined an Adjustment Spread on or before the Cut-off Date in 
accordance with these Conditions, the adjustments provided for would not 
achieve a commercially reasonable result for either the Issuer or the Noteholders,  
the Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) 
as soon as reasonably practicable after the relevant determination and the Issuer shall

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes on a day selected by the Issuer, each Note 
being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount, together with, if so specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, accrued interest. 
(iii) 
Interim Adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to the Cut-off Date, the relevant Reference 
Rate is required for any determination in respect of the Notes: 
(A) 
if (1) in relation to a Reference Rate Cessation Event, the Reference Rate 
Cessation Event Date has not yet occurred, or (2) in relation to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date has 
not yet occurred, the level of such Reference Rate shall be determined pursuant 
to the terms that would apply to the determination of such Reference Rate as if 
no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or 
(B) 
otherwise, the level of such Reference Rate shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent either (i) on the arithmetic mean of the applicable prices or 
middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions 
engaged in the trading of the relevant underlying, (ii) in its absolute and sole own 
discretion, or (iii) according to the determinations made by the calculation agent 
to any Hedging Transactions, by reference to either (i) the rate published in 
respect of such Reference Rate at the time such Reference Rate is ordinarily 
determined on the day immediately prior to (1) the Reference Rate Cessation 
Event Date or (2) the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date, as applicable or, if 
no rate is published at the time or that rate cannot be used in accordance with 
applicable law or regulation, by reference to the rate published at that time on the 
last day on which the rate was published or can be used in accordance with 
applicable law or regulation, as applicable or (ii) such other rate that is, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent as abovementioned, recognised or 
acknowledged as being an industry standard (or otherwise customarily widely 
adopted) replacement rate or, if the Calculation Agent determines there is no such 
replacement rate, such other interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source 
that the Calculation Agent determines (as stated above) to be a commercially 
reasonable alternative for such Reference Rate and the Issuer shall give notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as reasonably 
practicable of the action to be taken in relation thereto. 
(iv) 
Determinations 
Any adjustment to the Conditions of the Notes (including the determination of any 
adjustment spread or factor, however defined) which the Calculation Agent determines 
either (i) on the arithmetic mean of the applicable prices or middle market quotations 
provided to it by two or more financial institutions engaged in the trading of the relevant 
underlying, (ii) in its absolute and sole own discretion, or (iii) according to the 
determinations made by the calculation agent to any Hedging Transactions, is necessary 
or appropriate pursuant to the above provisions of this Condition 4(e) (Reference Rate 
Event): 
(A) 
shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market) and Relevant Market Data; 
(B) 
may include, where applicable and without limitation, (1) technical, 
administrative or operational changes (including without limitation, changes to 
determination dates, timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments, rounding of amounts or tenors, the introduction of any time delay or 
lag between the calculation or observation period of a rate and the related 
payment dates and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent 
determines are appropriate, (2) the application of any adjustment factor or 
adjustment spread (whether or not expressly referenced in the relevant provision 
and which may be positive or negative) and (3) adjustments to reflect any 
increased costs to the Issuer of providing exposure to the replacement or 
successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s); and

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
(C) 
may be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more 
effective dates and may (but does not have to) involve the selection of a successor 
or replacement rate which is determined on a backwards-looking compounding 
basis by reference to a "risk-free rate". 
For the avoidance of doubt, (I) the Calculation Agent is not obliged to make any 
determination in relation to any Reference Rate Event if the relevant Cut-off Date would 
fall after the earlier of (x) the date the relevant Reference Rate is no longer used to 
determine any amount payable under the Notes and (y) the Maturity Date of the Notes and 
(II) the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent may make all determinations and/or 
adjustments and take all actions in respect of the Notes as are provided for in connection 
with a Reference Rate Event, notwithstanding that such Reference Rate Event may have 
occurred before the Issue Date of the Notes. 
5. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note will be 
redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest 
Payment Date or, if so specified thereon, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), (subject as provided below, together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption), if (i) the Issuer (or, if the Guarantee were called, the Guarantor) has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation) as a result 
of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Ireland or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the Issue Date, and (ii) such obligations cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as 
the case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of 
redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes (or either Guarantee, as the case may be) were then due. Prior to the publication 
of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Principal 
Paying Agent a certificate signed by a director of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) 
stating that the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) is entitled to effect such redemption 
and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer 
(or the Guarantor, as the case may be) so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent 
legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case 
maybe) has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. 
(c) 
Redemption or adjustment for a General Administrator/Benchmark Event 
In the event that a General Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer may (at its option): 
(i) 
instruct the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to the Conditions of the Notes as 
it may determine appropriate to account for the relevant event or circumstance and, 
without limitation, such adjustments may (a) consist of one or more amendments and/or 
be made on one or more dates (b) be determined by reference to any adjustment(s) in 
respect of the relevant event or circumstance made in relation to any hedging arrangements 
in respect of the Notes and (c) include selecting a successor benchmark(s) and making 
related adjustments to the Conditions of the Notes including, where applicable, adding an 
adjustment spread (which may be positive or negative) or any adjustment to reflect any 
increased costs of the Issuer providing exposure to the replacement or successor 
benchmark(s) and, in the case of more than one successor benchmark, making provision 
for allocation of exposure as between the successor benchmarks; or 
(ii) 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount.

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
Prior to the effective date of any adjustment or any date of early redemption, the Issuer shall give 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) of the occurrence of the 
relevant General Administrator/Benchmark Event and the action to be taken in relation thereto. 
For the avoidance of doubt, other than as provided in Condition 4(e), the above is additional, and 
without prejudice, to any other terms of the Notes. In the event that under any such terms any other 
consequences could apply in relation to an event or occurrence the subject of a General 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer shall determine which terms shall apply in its sole and 
absolute discretion. 
(d) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and any of the Guarantor's Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes 
(provided that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons appertaining thereto are attached or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Options 
(i) 
Subject to paragraph (iv) below, if so provided hereon, the Issuer may on giving 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders of, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days, redeem, or exercise any 
Issuer's option in relation to, all or, if so provided, some of the Notes in the principal 
amount or integral multiples thereof and on the date or dates so provided. Any such 
redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (Call) together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
(ii) 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's 
option shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this 
Condition. 
(iii) 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of 
Notes, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the serial numbers of the Notes to be 
redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place as the Principal Paying Agent may 
approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
requirements. 
(iv) 
Notes to be redeemed shall have been drawn in such place as the Principal Paying Agent 
may approve in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
requirements. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and holders' Exercise of Noteholder's Options 
(i) 
Subject to paragraph (ii) below, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such 
Note, redeem such Note on the date or dates so provided at its Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
(ii) 
To exercise such option or any other option of a holder of Bearer Notes which may be set 
out hereon the holder must deposit such Note with any Paying Agent at its specified office, 
together with a duly completed option exercise notice ("Exercise Notice") in the form 
obtainable from any Paying Agent or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) not less than 30 
and not more than 60 days prior to the relevant date fixed for redemption. No Note so 
deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency 
Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer.  
(g) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 5, each Note 
which provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts will be partially redeemed on each 
Instalment Date at the Instalment Amount specified on it, whereupon the outstanding principal 
amount of such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount for all purposes.

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor's 
subsidiaries may be surrendered for cancellation, by surrendering each such Note together with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons to the Principal Paying Agent and, if so surrendered, will, 
together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons attached thereto and surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for 
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor in 
respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(i) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 5(a), 5(b), 5(e) or 5(f) above, or upon it becoming due and repayable 
as provided in Condition 9, is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount calculated as provided in 
Condition 1 above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date 
upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the 
date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(j) 
Buy-Back  
The Noteholders reserves the right, by giving to the Issuer a period of notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), to buy-back such Note before its scheduled Maturity Date. In such case, the Issuer 
may, at its sole option, upon the expiry of such notice, buy-back such Note by paying a buy-back 
price as agreed by the Noteholder and the Issuer from time to time.  
6. 
Payments  
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes will, subject as mentioned below, be 
made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of 
Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipts are 
presented for payment together with its relative Note), Notes (in the case of all other payments of 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6(d)(v) (Unmatured Coupons and 
Receipts )) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 6(d)(ii) (Unmatured 
Coupons and Receipts )), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States by transfer to an account denominated in that currency with, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of that currency; in the case of Euro, by transfer to, a Euro account to which Euro 
may be credited or transferred as specified by the payee. 
(b) 
Payments Subject to Laws, Regulations and Directives  
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation), (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof 
or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (any such withholding or 
deduction "FATCA Withholdings"), and (iii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to 
Section 871(m) of the Code (any such withholding or deduction, "871(m) Withholding"). In 
addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to any amounts 
to be paid on the Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any "dividend equivalent" (as 
defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments 
regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under 
applicable law. Payments on the Notes that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S.

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at 
a rate of 70%. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed 
to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30% of any dividend equivalent payments 
(as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will 
not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed 
withheld. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in 
respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Appointment of Agents  
The Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by 
the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Principal Paying Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and 
do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. The Issuer 
and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Principal 
Paying Agent any other Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other 
agents provided that the Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Principal Paying Agent, (ii) a 
Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require one, (iii) Paying Agents in relation to Notes 
having a specified office in at least one major European city, other than the jurisdiction in which 
the Issuer or the Guarantor is incorporated, and (iv) if, and for so long as the Notes are admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system, such other agents as are required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
(d) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts  
(i) 
Unless the Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due date 
for redemption of those Notes, Bearer Notes should be presented for payment together 
with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, failing which an amount equal 
to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being 
made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon which the 
sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) will be deducted from the 
Redemption Amount due for payment. Any amount so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of ten years 
from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
has become void pursuant to Condition 8 (Prescription). 
(ii) 
If the relevant Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note which is redeemable in instalments, 
all Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due 
date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect 
of them. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note which provides that the relative Coupons are to become void upon 
the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and 
surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note representing it. Interest accrued on a 
Note which only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of 
such Note against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the 
case may be. 
(e) 
Non-Business Days

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Business Day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Business Day nor to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment.   
7. 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor shall be made without 
set-off, counterclaim, fees, liabilities or similar deductions, and free and clear of, and without deduction or 
withholding for any taxes, levies, duties, assessments or charges of any nature now or hereafter imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the Kingdom of Spain or any 
political subdivision or any taxing authority thereof or therein (Taxes) unless such deduction or withholding 
is required by law. If the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, is required by law or regulation to 
make any deduction or withholding for or on account of Taxes, the Issuer, or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law or regulation, pay such additional amounts as shall 
be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the bearer of the Notes or the holder or beneficial 
owner of any interest herein or rights in respect hereof, after such deduction or withholding shall equal the 
amount which would have been receivable hereunder in the absence of such deduction or withholding, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable:  
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, the bearer of the Notes or the holder or beneficial owner of any 
interest herein or rights in respect hereof where such deduction or withholding is required by reason 
of the holder having some connection with the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the Kingdom of 
Spain, other than the mere holding of and payment in respect of this Note; or 
(b) 
in respect of any deduction or withholding which would not have been required but for the 
presentation by the bearer of this Note for payment on a date more than 15 days after the Maturity 
Date or, if applicable, the relevant Interest Payment Date or (in either case) the date on which 
payment hereof is duly provided for, whichever occurs later; or 
(c) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder which is resident in a jurisdiction (i) which has not 
entered into a Double Taxation Treaty with Spain; or (ii) which has entered into a Double Taxation 
Treaty with Spain that does not provide for a full exemption for payments made under this Note; 
or 
(d) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who would have been able to fully or partially avoid 
such withholding or deduction by presenting this Note to another paying agent in a member state 
of the European Union; or 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who would have been able to fully or partially avoid 
such withholding or deduction by authorising the relevant paying agent to report information in 
accordance with the procedure laid down by the relevant tax authority or by delivering, in the form 
required by the relevant tax authority, a declaration, claim, certificate, document or other evidence 
establishing exemption or reduction therefrom, including, for the avoidance of doubt, to, or to a 
third party on behalf of, a holder who would have been able to fully or partially avoid such 
withholding or deduction by complying with the Guarantor’s request addressed to the holder or the 
beneficial owner to provide a valid certificate of tax residence duly issued by the tax authorities of 
the country of tax residence of the holder or the beneficial owner of any Note confirming that the 
holder or the beneficial owner is (i) resident for tax purposes in a Member State of the European 
Union (other than Spain), or in a member state of the European Economic Area (other than Spain) 
with which there is an effective exchange of tax information with Spain and not considered a tax 
haven pursuant to Spanish law; or (ii) resident for tax purposes in a jurisdiction with which Spain 
has entered into a tax treaty to avoid double taxation, which makes provision for full exemption 
from tax imposed in Spain on interest and within the meaning of the referred tax treaty. 
(f) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder of 
official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and 
another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, 
rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or 
deduction, a FATCA Withholding). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay 
any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding.

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
In addition, no additional amounts will be payable with respect to any Taxes that are imposed in respect of 
any combination of the items set forth above. 
8. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer and the Guarantor for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons shall 
be prescribed and become void unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the 
case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof. 
For this purpose, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which the payment in respect of the Note or the 
Coupon first becomes due and payable. However, if the full amount of the moneys payable on such date has 
not been received by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such date, the "Relevant Date" means the 
date on which such moneys shall have been so received and notice to that effect shall have been given to the 
Holders in accordance with Clause 13 (Notices). 
The Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996 requires that, in the event that (i) an opposition has been filed in 
relation to the Bearer Notes or Coupons (if any) and (ii) the Bearer Notes mature prior to becoming forfeited 
(as provided for in the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996), any amount that is payable under the Bearer 
Notes or Coupons (if any), but has not yet been paid to the holders of such Bearer Notes or Coupons (if any), 
will be paid to the Caisse des consignations in Luxembourg until the opposition has been withdrawn or the 
forfeiture of the Bearer Notes occurs. 
9. 
Events of Default  
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing, the holder of a Note 
of any Series may give written notice to the Principal Paying Agent, at its specified office that such Note is 
immediately repayable, whereupon the Redemption Amount of such Note, subject as provided below, 
together with, accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable; 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment of any interest or principal due in respect of the Notes or any of 
them and such default continues for a period of seven days; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under or in 
respect of the Notes, the Guarantee or the Agency Agreement and (except in the case where such 
failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will 
be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 days next following the service by a holder 
of a Note on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
if any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes 
due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described) or the Issuer 
or the Guarantor fails to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money 
on the due date for such payment or within any originally applicable grace period or any security 
given by the Issuer or the Guarantor for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes 
enforceable and steps are taken to enforce the same or if default is made by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor in making any payment when due (or within any applicable grace period in respect 
thereof) under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for 
Borrowed Money of any other person, provided that no such event as aforesaid shall constitute an 
Event of Default unless the Indebtedness for Borrowed Money or other liability relative thereto 
either alone or when aggregated with other Indebtedness for Borrowed Money and/or other 
liabilities relative to all (if any) other such events which shall have occurred shall amount to at least 
EUR100 million (or its equivalent in any other currency); or  
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding-up, examination 
or dissolution of the Issuer or the Guarantor unless it is done in connection with a merger, 
amalgamation or reconstruction or other form of business combination with another company (in 
the case of the Guarantor, such company to be part of a financial group) and that company assumes 
all the obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in connection with the Notes, 
whether by express assumption or by application of law; or 
(e) 
if the Issuer or the Guarantor ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part 
of its business, except for the purposes of a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation or other form 
of business combination with another company (in the case of the Guarantor, such company to be 
part of a financial group) and that company assumes all the obligations of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be, in connection with the Notes, whether by express assumption or by

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
application of law, or the Issuer or the Guarantor stops, suspends or threatens to stop or suspend 
payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay all or a material part of its debts (or any class 
thereof) as they fall due, or proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a 
moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or any class of) the 
debts of the Issuer or the Guarantor, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the 
purposes of any applicable law, or is (or could be deemed by law or a court to be) adjudicated or 
found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(f) 
if (i) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or the Guarantor under any applicable liquidation, 
insolvency, examination, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an application is 
made for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, examiner, manager, administrator 
or other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other 
similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer or the Guarantor or in relation to the whole or 
a part of the undertaking or assets of either of them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the 
whole or a part of the undertaking or assets of either of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole 
or a part of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (ii) in any case is not discharged within 14 
days; or 
(g) 
if the Issuer or the Guarantor initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under 
any applicable liquidation, examination, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar 
laws or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or 
other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); or 
(h) 
the Issuer ceases to be wholly owned and controlled by the Guarantor; or 
(i) 
any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any necessary consent, 
approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or registration) at any time 
required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer and the Guarantor lawfully to 
enter into, exercise their respective rights and perform and comply with their respective obligations 
under the Notes and the Guarantee, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legally binding and 
enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes and the Guarantee admissible in evidence in the courts of 
Ireland or Spain is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(j) 
if the Guarantee ceases to be a valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor or it becomes unlawful 
for the Guarantor to perform its obligations under the Guarantee or the Guarantee is claimed by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor not to be in full force and effect; or 
(k) 
any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any 
of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs including, but not limited to, concurso 
de acreedores. 
As used herein "Indebtedness for Borrowed Money" means (a) money borrowed and premiums and accrued 
interest in respect thereof, (b) liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit or (c) the 
principal and premium (if any) and accrued interest in respect of any bonds, notes, debentures, debenture 
stock, loan stock, certificates of deposit or other securities whether issued for cash or in whole or in part of 
a consideration other than cash. 
10. 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications 
The Noteholders’ interests shall be protected and Noteholders shall be represented by the Meeting of 
Noteholders or the Syndicate of Noteholders, as specified in the Final Terms or the Pricing Supplement. 
Representation of the Noteholders by the Syndicate of Noteholders will be mandatory if conditions of Article 
42 of the Spanish Securities Market Law are complied with.    
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
 
1.  
a) If Meeting of Noteholders applies in accordance with this Section, the Issuer may at any time 
and, if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 10% in aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall convene a Meeting of the Noteholders

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
and if the Issuer fails for a period of seven days to convene the meeting, the meeting may be 
convened by the relevant Noteholders. Whenever the Issuer is about to convene any meeting 
it shall immediately give notice in writing to the Principal Paying Agent of the day, time and 
place of the meeting and the nature of the business to be transacted at the meeting. Every 
meeting shall be held at a time and place approved by the Principal Paying Agent. 
b) At least 21 clear days’ notice specifying the place, day and hour of the meeting shall be given 
to the Noteholders in the manner provided in Condition 13 (Notices).  The notice, which shall 
be in the English language, shall state generally the nature of the business to be transacted at 
the meeting and, in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution only, shall either (a) specify the 
terms of the Extraordinary Resolution to be proposed or (b) inform Noteholders that the terms 
of the Extraordinary Resolution are available free of charge from the Principal Paying Agent, 
provided that, in the case of (b), such resolution is so available in its final form with effect on 
and from the date on which the notice convening such meeting is given as aforesaid. The notice 
shall (i) include statements as to the manner in which Noteholders are entitled to attend and 
vote at the meeting or (ii) inform Noteholders that details of the voting arrangements are 
available free of charge from the Principal Paying Agent, provided that, in the case of (ii) the 
final form of such details are available with effect on and from the date on which the notice 
convening such meeting is given as aforesaid. A copy of the notice shall be sent by post to the 
Issuer (unless the meeting is convened by the Issuer). 
c) The person (who may but need not be a Noteholder) nominated in writing by the Issuer (the 
“Chairman”) shall be entitled to take the chair at each meeting but if no nomination is made 
or if at any meeting the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time 
appointed for holding the meeting the Noteholders present shall choose one of their number to 
be Chairman, failing which the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned 
meeting need not be the same person as was Chairman of the meeting from which the 
adjournment took place. 
d) At any meeting one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the 
aggregate not less than 5% of the nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding 
shall (except for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary Resolution) form a quorum for the 
transaction of business and no business (other than the choosing of a Chairman in accordance 
with Condition 10.a)1(c)) shall be transacted at any meeting unless the required quorum is 
present at the commencement of business. The quorum at any meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject as provided below) be one or more Eligible Persons 
present and holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 50% of the nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding provided that at any meeting the business of which 
includes any of the following matters (each of which shall only be capable of being effected 
after having been approved by Extraordinary Resolution): 
(i) 
to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any 
date for payment of interest thereon,  
(ii) 
to reduce or cancel the principal amount of any Instalment Amount of, or any premium 
payable on redemption of, the Notes,  
(iii) 
to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis 
of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating the Interest 
Amount in respect thereof,  
(iv) 
if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Interest Rate, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum,  
(v) 
to change any method of calculating the Redemption Amount,  
(vi) 
to change the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes,  
(vii) 
to take any steps which as specified hereon may only be taken following approval by an 
Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum provisions apply, or  
(viii) 
to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders 
or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, will only be binding if

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
passed at a meeting of the Noteholders (or at any adjournment thereof) at which a special 
quorum (provided for in the Agency Agreement) is present;  
the quorum shall be one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the 
aggregate not less than two thirds of the nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. 
e) If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may 
decide) after the time appointed for any meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of 
any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business 
(if any) for which a quorum is present, the meeting shall, if convened by Noteholders or if the 
Issuer was required by Noteholders to convene such meeting pursuant to Condition 10.a)1(a), 
be dissolved. In any other case it shall be adjourned to the same day of the next week (or if that 
day is a public holiday the next following business day) at the same time and place (except in 
the case of a meeting at which an Extraordinary Resolution is to be proposed in which case it 
shall be adjourned for a period being not less than 14 clear days nor more than 42 clear days 
and at a place appointed by the Chairman and approved by the Principal Paying Agent). If 
within 15 minutes (or a longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may decide) 
after the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction 
of any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business 
(if any) for which a quorum is present, the Chairman may either dissolve the meeting or adjourn 
it for a period, being not less than 14 clear days (but without any maximum number of clear 
days) and to a place as may be appointed by the Chairman (either at or after the adjourned 
meeting) and approved by the Principal Paying Agent, and the provisions of this sentence shall 
apply to all further adjourned meetings. 
f) 
At any adjourned meeting one or more Eligible Persons present (whatever the nominal amount 
of the Notes so held or represented by them) shall (subject as provided below) form a quorum 
and shall (subject as provided below) have power to pass any Extraordinary Resolution or other 
resolution and to decide upon all matters which could properly have been dealt with at the 
meeting from which the adjournment took place had the required quorum been present, 
provided that at any adjourned meeting the business of which includes any of the matters 
specified in the proviso to Condition 10.a)1(d) the quorum shall be one or more Eligible 
Persons present and holding or representing in the aggregate not less than one-third in the 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
g) Notice of any adjourned meeting at which an Extraordinary Resolution is to be submitted shall 
be given in the same manner as notice of an original meeting but as if ten were substituted for 
21 in Condition 10.a)1(b) and the notice shall state the relevant quorum. Subject to the 
foregoing it shall not be necessary to give any notice of an adjourned meeting. 
2.  
a) Every question submitted to a meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show of hands 
and in the case of an equality of votes the Chairman shall both on a show of hands and on a 
poll have a casting vote in addition to the vote or votes (if any) to which he may be entitled as 
an Eligible Person. 
b) At any meeting, unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show of hands) 
demanded by the Chairman or the Issuer or by any Eligible Person present (whatever the 
nominal amount of the Notes held by him), a declaration by the Chairman that a resolution has 
been carried or carried by a particular majority or lost or not carried by a particular majority 
shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or proportion of the votes 
recorded in favour of or against the resolution. 
c) Subject to Condition 10.a)2(e) if at any meeting a poll is demanded it shall be taken in the 
manner and, subject as provided below, either at once or after an adjournment as the Chairman 
may direct and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the meeting at 
which the poll was demanded as at the date of the taking of the poll. The demand for a poll 
shall not prevent the continuance of the meeting for the transaction of any business other than 
the motion on which the poll has been demanded. 
d) The Chairman may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any meeting, adjourn the 
meeting from time to time and from place to place. No business shall be transacted at any

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
adjourned meeting except business, which might lawfully (but for lack of required quorum) 
have been transacted at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
e) Any poll demanded at any meeting on the election of a Chairman or on any question of 
adjournment shall be taken at the meeting without adjournment. 
f) 
Any director or officer of the Issuer and its lawyers and financial advisers may attend and speak 
at any meeting.  Subject to this, but without prejudice to the proviso to the definition of 
“outstanding” in the Agency Agreement, no person shall be entitled to attend and speak nor 
shall any person be entitled to vote at any meeting of the Noteholders or join with others in 
requiring the convening of a meeting unless he is an Eligible Person. 
g) Subject as provided in Condition 10.a)2(f), at any meeting: 
i. 
on a show of hands every Eligible Person present shall have one vote; and 
ii. 
on a poll every Eligible Person present shall have one vote in respect of each €1.00 or such 
other amount as the Principal Paying Agent shall in its absolute discretion specify the 
nominal amount of the Notes in respect of which he is an Eligible Person. 
h) A meeting of the Noteholders shall in addition to the powers set out above have the following 
powers exercisable only by Extraordinary Resolution (subject to the provisions relating to the 
quorum contained in Conditions 10.a)1(d) and 10.a)1(f)), namely: 
i. 
power to approve any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer 
and the Noteholders; 
ii. 
power to approve any abrogation, modification, compromise or arrangement in respect of 
the rights of the Noteholders against the Issuer or against any of its property whether these 
rights arise under the Agency Agreement, these Conditions or the Notes or otherwise; 
iii. 
power to agree to any modification of the provisions contained in the Agency Agreement, 
these Conditions or the Notes, which is proposed by the Issuer; 
iv. 
power to give any authority or approval which under the provisions of this Condition 10 
or the Notes is required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
v. 
power to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or committees 
to represent the interests of the Noteholders and to confer upon any committee or 
committees any powers or discretions which the Noteholders could themselves exercise 
by Extraordinary Resolution; 
vi. 
power to approve any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the Notes for, or the 
conversion of the Notes into, or the cancellation of the Notes in consideration of, shares, 
stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or securities 
of the Issuer or any other company formed or to be formed, or for or into or in 
consideration of cash, or partly for or into or in consideration of shares, stock, notes, 
bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or securities as stated 
above and partly for or into or in consideration of cash; and 
vii. 
power to approve the substitution of any entity in place of the Issuer (or any previous 
substitute) as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes. 
i) 
Any resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and held shall be binding 
upon all the Noteholders whether present or not present at the meeting and whether or not 
voting and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the resolution accordingly and the 
passing of any resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances justify its passing.  
Notice of the result of voting on any resolution duly considered by the Noteholders shall be 
published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) by the Issuer within 14 days of the result 
being known provided that non-publication shall not invalidate the resolution. 
j) 
The expression “Extraordinary Resolution” when used in this Condition 10 means a 
resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 10 by a majority consisting of not less than 75% of the persons

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
voting on the resolution upon a show of hands or, if a poll was duly demanded, by a majority 
consisting of not less than 75% of the votes given on the poll. 
k) Subject to Condition 10.a) 2(a), to be passed at a Meeting of the Noteholders duly convened 
and held in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 10, a resolution (other than an 
Extraordinary Resolution) shall require a majority of the persons voting on the resolution upon 
a show of hands or, if a poll was duly demanded, a majority of the votes given on the poll. 
l) 
Minutes of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting shall be made and duly entered in 
books to be from time to time provided for that purpose by the Issuer and any minutes signed 
by the Chairman of the meeting at which any resolution was passed or proceedings had 
transpired shall be conclusive evidence of the matters contained in them and, until the contrary 
is proved, every meeting in respect of the proceedings of which minutes have been made shall 
be deemed to have been duly held and convened and all resolutions passed or proceedings had 
transpired at the meeting to have been duly passed or had. 
m) For the purposes of calculating a period of clear days, no account shall be taken of the day on 
which a period commences or the day on which a period ends. 
n) The initial provisions governing the manner in which Noteholders (including accountholders 
in the European Clearing Systems) may attend and vote at a meeting of the holders of Notes 
are set out in the Agency Agreement.  The Principal Paying Agent may without the consent of 
the Issuer or the Noteholders prescribe any other regulations regarding such manner of 
attendance and voting as the Principal Paying Agent may in its sole discretion think fit.  Notice 
of any such regulations may be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) 
and/or at the time of service of any notice convening a meeting. 
o) For the purposes of this Condition 10, “Eligible Persons” means those Noteholders or persons 
(being duly appointed proxies or representatives of such Noteholders) that are entitled to attend 
and vote at a Meeting of the Noteholders, for the purposes of which no person shall be entitled 
to vote at any such meeting in respect of the Notes held by or for the benefit, or on behalf, of 
the Issuer. 
These Conditions may be supplemented, amended, modified, or replaced in relation to any Series 
of Notes by the terms of the applicable Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus in relation to 
such Series. These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of 
the applicable Final Terms in relation to such series. 
For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to the Issuer, Articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Companies 
Act, are hereby excluded. 
(b) 
Syndicate of Noteholders and Modification 
If Syndicate of Noteholders in this section applies, the Noteholders shall meet in accordance with 
the regulations governing the relevant Syndicate of Noteholders of (the “Regulations”). The 
Regulations, which shall have effect as if incorporated herein, contain the rules governing the 
functioning of each Syndicate of Noteholders, including the provisions for meetings of such 
Syndicate to take place, and the rules governing its relationship with the Issuer. A set of pro forma 
Regulations is included in this Base Prospectus and in the Agency Agreement. 
A Commissioner will be appointed for each Syndicate and will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
The Issuer may, with the consent of the Paying Agent and the relevant Commissioner, but without 
the consent of the Noteholders of any Series or Coupons, amend these Terms and Conditions, the 
Notes, the Coupons, the Guarantee and the Paying Agency Agreement, insofar as they may apply 
to such Notes to correct a manifest error or to make any modification that is of a minor, formal or 
technical nature or to comply with a mandatory provision of law. Subject as aforesaid, no other 
modification may be made to these Terms and Conditions, the Notes, the Coupons, the Guarantee 
or the Agency Agreement, except with the sanction of a resolution of the relevant Syndicate of 
Noteholders. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions,

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
“Commissioner” means the trustee (comisario) as this term is defined under the the Restated 
Spanish Companies Act (Texto Refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital), approved by Royal 
Legislative Decree 1/2010, of 2 July (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio, por el que se 
aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital) (“Ley de Sociedades de Capital”) 
of each Syndicate of Noteholders; and 
“Syndicate” means the syndicate (sindicato) as this term is described under the Ley de Sociedades 
de Capital. 
 
(c) 
Modification of Agency Agreement 
The Issuer and the Guarantor shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation 
of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, which 
is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such modification shall be binding on the 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, and any such modification shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts and Coupons  
If a Note, Receipt or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to 
applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent, as the case may be, as may from 
time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees 
and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which 
may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Receipt or Coupon is subsequently 
presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there will be paid to the 
Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further 
Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts or Coupons must 
be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
13. 
Notices 
Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes will be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times or Expansion) or on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/) (so long as such Instruments are listed on Euronext Dublin and the rules of that 
exchange so require). If any such publication is not practicable, notice will be validly given if published in 
another leading daily English language newspaper of general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different 
dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above.  
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice to the Holders 
of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
Notice of a General Meeting of Noteholders must be given in accordance with the Regulations. 
Copies of any notice given to any Noteholders will be also given to the Commissioner of the Syndicate of 
Noteholders of the relevant Series. 
14. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law  
The Notes, Receipts, Coupons and the Guarantee and all non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and the Guarantee are governed by, and 
construed in accordance with Spanish law.

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to the Issuer, Articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Companies 
Act, are hereby excluded.  
In addition, no Noteholder may initiate proceedings againstthe Issuer based on article 470-19 of the 
Companies Act. 
(b) 
Madrid courts 
Subject to Condition 14(d) (Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside ) below, the 
courts of Spain have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes, Receipts and/or Coupons (including a dispute relating to the existence, validity, 
interpretation, performance, breach or termination of the Notes, Receipts and/or Coupons or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligation arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes, Receipts and/or Coupons or the Guarantee) (a "Dispute") and 
accordingly, each of the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholder in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Madrid Courts.  
(c) 
Appropriate forum 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor waives any objection to the courts of Spain on the grounds 
that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside Spain 
Condition 14(b) (Madrid courts) is for the benefit of the holders of the Notes, Receipts and/or 
Coupons only. To the extent allowed by law, holders of Notes, Coupons and/or Receipts may, in 
respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and 
(ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions ("Proceedings").  
(e) 
Direct Rights 
The Issuer and each Noteholder will have agreed that, when each Noteholder elects so, the relevant 
Account Holder will immediately acquire the right under this Condition 14 and the provisions of 
the Global Notes with regard to the Notes, to claim and receive all payments due at any time in 
respect of the relevant portion of the corresponding Notes credited in the securities account of the 
Account Holder (the "Direct Rights") and, from that time, the said Noteholders will have no further 
rights under the Global Notes with respect to that relevant portion of the Notes (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the Noteholder or any other person may have under the relevant Global 
Note). 
In this Condition 14, "Account Holder" means a holder of a securities account, except for 
Clearstream or Euroclear Luxembourg or a common depositary to the extent that any securities, or 
rights in respect of securities, credited to such Clearstream or Euroclear’s securities account are 
held by Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg or common depositary for the account or benefit of 
a holder of a securities account within Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg or common 
depositary. 
15. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
This Condition 15 only applies to Index Linked Notes and Share Linked Notes. 
(a) 
This Condition 15 is applicable only if: 
(i) 
Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in which 
case any payment under the Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-in Event 
shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) 
Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in which 
case any payment under the relevant Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-
out Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
(b) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day at any time during the one-hour period that begins or ends at the Valuation 
Time a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event would otherwise have occurred and a Trading

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event 
or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred; provided that if, by operation of this 
provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the 
Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending 
Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the level or price, as applicable, of each affected Share Index, Share or Fund 
Share, as applicable, as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in 
accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of Valuation Date in order to determine 
whether a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event has occurred. 
(c) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms is any time or period of time other than the Valuation Time during the regular 
trading hours on the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day and at any time during the one-hour period that begins or ends at the Knock-in 
Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event would 
otherwise have occurred and a Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure 
occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have 
occurred, provided that if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out 
Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be 
treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the level or price, as 
applicable, of each affected Share Index, Share or Fund Share, as applicable, as at the Knock-in 
Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the 
definition of Valuation Date. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
or otherwise each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(a) 
greater than; 
(b) 
greater than or equal to; 
(c) 
less than; or 
(d) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Level (in the case of Index Linked Notes) or Knock-in Price (in the case of Share Linked 
Notes) or (B) within the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in respect of any 
Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Knock-in Level" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these 
Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, 
if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Price" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these 
Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions.

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time 
in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions; 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day specified 
as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or in the event that the Applicable Transaction Terms does not 
specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms, being a term defined 
in Payout Condition 4.2. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, or 
otherwise each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period.  
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(a) 
greater than; 
(b) 
greater than or equal to; 
(c) 
less than; or 
(d) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-out Level (in the case of Index Linked Notes) or Knock-out Price (in the case of Share Linked 
Notes) or (B) within the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or (y) in respect of any 
Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Knock-out Level" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these 
Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Price" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these 
Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or in the event that the Applicable Transaction Terms 
does not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms, being a term defined 
in Payout Condition 4.2. 
16. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
This Condition 16 only applies to Notes other than Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes.

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, then 
unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically 
redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or the last day of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Period, as applicable, and the Issuer shall pay an amount in respect of each Calculation Amount 
equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms, being a term defined in 
Payout Condition 4.2 (Value Definitions) 
"AER Value Automatic Early Redemption Event" means, in respect of Index Linked Notes and Share 
Linked Notes, the AER Value is:  
(a) 
greater than; 
(b) 
greater than or equal to; 
(c) 
less than; or 
(d) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Level (in the case of Index Linked Notes) or Automatic Early Redemption 
Price (in the case of Share Linked Notes), (a), (b), (c) or (a) applying as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means an amount, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, being the Automatic Early Redemption Payout set out in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no Noteholder shall be 
entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the occurrence of an AER Value Automatic Early 
Redemption Event, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
of these Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Payout" is as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Price" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
of these Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be delayed in accordance with 
the corresponding provisions of the definition of Valuation Date which shall apply mutatis mutandis as if 
references in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given it in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms. 
17. 
Additional Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below:

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
"Coupon Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Observation Date" means, in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to one or more Share Index or Share 
Linked Notes relating to one or more Share, each date specified as an Observation Date in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled 
Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day.  
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms. 
"Redemption Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Redemption Valuation Date in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Relevant Asset(s)" means the relevant asset(s) so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Valuation Date" means, in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to one or more Share Index or Share 
Linked Notes relating to one or more Share, the Coupon Valuation Date, Strike Date, the Redemption 
Valuation Date and/or any other date for valuation of the relevant asset(s) or reference basis(es), as the case 
may be, specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day 
is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Share Index, the Valuation Date shall be the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Settlement Level by determining the level of the Share Index as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating the Share Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted 
Day using the Exchange traded or quoted level as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in the Share Index (or, if an event giving rise 
to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security, as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); 
(b) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Share Index Basket, the Valuation Date for each 
Share Index shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of any Share Index forming part of the Share Index Basket unless each of the number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Share 
Index forming part of the Share Index Basket. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for each Share Index forming part of the 
Share Index Basket, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to any 
Share Index, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Level using the level of 
that Share Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Share Index last in effect prior to 
the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or determined in accordance 
with these terms quoted level as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day of each security comprised in that Share Index (or, if an event giving rise to a 
Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security determined in 
accordance with these terms as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day) and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions;  
(c) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a single Share, the Valuation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Settlement Price in accordance with its good faith estimate of the Settlement Price as 
of the Valuation Time on that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or  
(d) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a Share Basket, the Valuation Date for each Share 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any 
Shares forming part of the Share Basket unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating to any Share of the Share Basket. In that 
case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date 
for each Share of the Share Basket, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with 
respect to any Share, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price using, in 
relation to the relevant affected Share, its good faith estimate of the value for the affected Share as 
of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day determined in 
accordance with these terms and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions; For the 
purpose of improving the reading and intelligibility in connection with the applicable meaning of 
Valuation Date used in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, a numerical or letter suffix value 
may be attributed when included in the Applicable Transaction Terms.

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
PRO FORMA REGULATIONS OF THE SYNDICATE OF THE NOTEHOLDERS  
 
REGULATIONS OF THE SYNDICATE OF NOTEHOLDERS FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES BY  
BANKINTER INTERNATIONAL NOTES, S.ÀR.L. 
 
CHAPTER I 
Article 1. Object. - The object of this Syndicate is to protect the legitimate interests of Noteholders of Notes against 
BANKINTER INTERNATIONAL NOTES, S.ÀR.L. (the Issuer), in accordance with current law and these 
Regulations, by using and preserving such interests collectively and through the representation determined by these 
Regulations. 
Article 2. Address. - The address of the Syndicate shall be []. The General Meeting may, however, take place at 
any other location in [Madrid] for reasons of convenience or, even by way of conference call or by use of a 
videoconference platform, and such location or way to hold the General Meeting shall be specified in the relevant 
notice of meeting. 
Article 3. Duration. - The Syndicate shall exist until the rights of the holder of Notes to principal, interest and any 
other right shall have been fulfilled. The Syndicate shall be automatically dissolved upon the fulfilment of all such 
rights. 
 
CHAPTER II 
Governance of Syndicate 
Article 4. Governance. - The governance of the Syndicate lies with the General Meeting and the Commissioner. 
 
CHAPTER III 
General Meeting 
Article 5. Legal Nature. - A duly convened and constituted General Meeting is the body that expresses the will of 
the Syndicate and its resolutions, approved in accordance with these Regulations, will be binding on all Noteholders 
in the manner established by current law. 
Article 6. Convening General Meetings. - The General Meeting shall be convened by the Board of Managers of the 
Issuer or by the Commissioner, whenever they consider it appropriate. However, the Commissioner shall convene a 
General Meeting whenever the Noteholders, representing at least one twentieth of the Notes outstanding, request a 
General Meeting in writing and specify in such request the aim of such a meeting. In this case, the General Meeting 
shall be held within thirty (30) days following the date on which the Commissioner receives such a request. 
Article 7. Method of Convening General Meetings. - The General Meeting shall be convened (i) by publication in 
an English language newspaper in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times or Expansión) and so long as 
any Note is listed on Euronext Dublin and if Euronext Dublin so requires, on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/); (ii) by mail, or email, to Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg, or to any other relevant 
clearing system; (iii) by publication in one of the daily newspapers of greatest circulation in the Madrid province; or 
(iv) in the Official Gazette of the Commercial Registry; in each case not less than fifteen (15) days prior to the date 
on which the meeting is due to be held.  
Notwithstanding this Article, the General Meeting shall be convened and validly constituted to deal with any matter, 
so long as all Notes in circulation are in attendance or represented and the attendants and represented Noteholders 
unanimously agree that the General Meeting be held. 
Article 8. Right of Attendance. - All Noteholders who have registered their name in the relevant securities account 
of at least one outstanding Note not less than five (5) days prior to the date of the General Meeting shall be entitled 
to attend such meeting. The Managers of the Issuer shall be entitled to attend the General Meeting, even if they are 
not given notice. 
The Commissioner or the Issuer may approve the attendance of such experts or other advisers as it may deem 
necessary.

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
The Commissioner will attend the General Meeting even though such meeting, had not previously been convened by 
the Commissioner. 
Article 9. Proxies. - All Noteholders with a right to attend the General Meeting shall be entitled to delegate their 
representation to any Noteholder. Nevertheless, none of the Directors of the Issuer even though they might be also 
Noteholders, shall be entitled to represent any other Noteholder. 
The right to represent shall be conferred in writing for each General Meeting. 
Article 10. Adoption of Resolutions. – The General Meeting shall approve valid resolutions by an absolute majority 
of affirmative votes in attendance and represented. 
Nevertheless, in order to validly modify either the relevant maturity date, redemption, conversion or the exchange 
date, of the Notes, two thirds of the affirmative votes corresponding to Notes outstanding will be required. 
The resolutions approved according to this article shall be binding on all Noteholders, including those that do not 
attend or those that dissent. 
Article 11. Chairman. - The General Meeting shall be chaired by the Commissioner, who shall direct debates, deem 
discussions to be ended, as he/she considers appropriate, and rule, in each case, whenever matters should be subject 
to a vote. 
Article 12. Holding of the Sessions. - The General Meeting shall be held in Madrid, at the place and on the date set 
out in the announcement or, if the Board of Managers of the Issuer or the Commissioner, as the case may be, deemed 
to be appropriate, by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform as set out in the announcement. 
Article 13. Attendance List. - Before starting the agenda, the Commissioner shall make a list of attendees describing 
the nature or form of representation of each attendee and the number of Notes owned or held on behalf of another in 
respect of each attendee, totalling at the end of the list the number of Notes in attendance or represented, as well as 
the number of Notes in circulation. 
Article 14. Right to Vote. - Each Note represented shall confer on its Noteholder the right to vote proportionally to 
the outstanding amount of the Note's specified denomination. 
Article 15. Powers of the General Meeting. - The General Meeting may approve resolutions necessary for the better 
protection of the legitimate interests of the Noteholders as against the Issuer; modify, in agreement with the Issuer 
and with the relevant prior official authority, if necessary, the terms and conditions of the Notes and adopt decisions 
on other similar matters; remove and appoint the Commissioner; exercise any corresponding judicial proceedings; 
and approve the expenses incurred in the protection of common interests. 
Article 16. Challenges to Resolutions. - Resolutions of the General Meeting may be challenged by Noteholders 
according to the Restated Spanish Companies Act (Texto Refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital), approved 
by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2010, of 2 July (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio, por el que se aprueba 
el texto refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital). 
Article 17. Minutes. - Minutes of a General Meeting may be approved by the General Meeting itself immediately 
after the meeting, or otherwise within fifteen (15) days following the date of the General Meeting, by the 
Commissioner and two (2) Noteholders assigned such responsibility by the General Meeting. 
Article 18. Certification. - The certification of the minutes book shall be expedited by the Commissioner. 
 
 
CHAPTER IV 
The Commissioner 
Article 19. Scope of competence of the Commissioner. - The Commissioner is concerned with the legal 
representation of the Syndicate and to act as the relationship body between the Syndicate and the Issuer. 
Article 20. Appointment and Duration of Post. - The Commissioner shall be appointed by the Issuer once the 
issuance is agreed and shall exercise his post until substituted at a General Meeting. 
Article 21. Powers. - The powers of the Commissioner shall be:

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
(a) Protecting the common interests of the Noteholders. 
(b) Calling and chairing General Meetings. 
(c) Ability to attend, with the right to speak but not vote, the deliberations and meetings of the General Noteholders' 
Meetings of the Issuer. 
(d) Informing the Issuer of the resolutions of the Syndicate. 
(e) Requiring from the Issuer the reports that either himself or the General Meeting determine to be of interest to the 
Noteholders. 
(f) Supervising the payment of interest and principal. 
(g) Execution of resolutions of the General Meeting. 
(h) When the Issuer, by a reason imputable to it, postpones for more than six (6) months the redemption of principal 
and payment of interest, the Commissioner shall have the power to propose to the Board of Managers of the Issuer, 
the suspension of any of the Managers and to call a General Noteholders' Meeting, if it has not already been called, 
when it considers that the Managers should be substituted. 
Article 22. Responsibility. - The Commissioner shall be responsible to the Noteholders of Notes and, as the case 
may be, the Issuer for carrying out his term of office out of the relevant professional diligence. 
 
CHAPTER V 
General Arrangements 
Article 23. Syndicate Expenses. - Ordinary expenses resulting from the maintenance of the Syndicate shall be for 
the account of the Issuer, but they will not, in any case, exceed two per cent. of the gross annual interest accrued by 
the issued Notes. 
Article 24. Accounts. - The Commissioner shall be responsible for keeping the accounts of the Syndicate and will 
submit them for approval to the General Meeting and to the Board of Managers of the Issuer. 
Article 25. Dissolution of the Syndicate. - If the Syndicate is dissolved for one of the reasons given in Article 3, the 
Commissioner in charge at the time shall continue with his duties until the dissolution of the Syndicate and shall 
produce final accounts of the Syndicate to the last General Meeting and to the Board of Managers of the Issuer. 
Article 26. Jurisdiction. - For the purposes of any issues arising from these Regulations, the Noteholders, by reason 
only of being such, expressly renounce their own jurisdiction for that of the courts of the city of Madrid. 
Article 27. (Additional). - The current applicable legislation shall apply to matters for which no provision is made 
in these Regulations.

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
ANNEX 1 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
This Annex 1 (Provisions relating to Equity Linked Notes) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms as being one of the following Notes: 
(i) 
Notes linked to the Shares of an entity not affiliated with the Issuer ("Single Share Linked Notes"); 
(ii) 
Notes linked to a basket of Shares of entities not affiliated with the Issuer ("Share Basket Linked Notes"); 
(iii) 
Notes linked to a single index of Shares not prepared by the Issuer or entities affiliated with the Issuer 
("Single Share Index Linked Notes"); and 
(iv) 
Notes linked to a basket of indices of Shares not prepared by the Issuer or entities affiliated with the Issuer 
("Share Index Basket Linked Notes"). 
In this Annex 1, references to "Share" and "Share Index" shall have the meanings given to them in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and the additional terms and conditions relating to Equity 
Linked Notes set out in this Annex 1 (the "Equity Linked Conditions"), the Equity Linked Conditions shall prevail. 
In the event of any inconsistency between the Equity Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the Payout 
Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or the Equity Linked 
Conditions and (ii) the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Applicable Transaction Terms shall prevail. 
PART 1 SINGLE SHARE LINKED NOTES 
This Part 1 (Single Share Linked Notes) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms as being Single Share Linked Notes. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
"Exchange" means each exchange or quotation system specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system 
to which trading in the Share has temporary relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined 
that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such 
Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day Convention" means any of the following, as specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms: 
 
Following Business Day Convention: if a date specified as Valuation Date in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day, such Valuation Date will be the first 
succeeding Exchange Business Day. 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention: if a date specified as Valuation Date in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day, such Valuation Date will be the 
first succeeding Exchange Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which 
case such Valuation Date will be the first preceding day that is an Exchange Business Day.  
"Related Exchange" means each exchange or quotation system specified as such for the Share in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Share has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" is specified as 
the Related Exchange in the Applicable Transaction Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange 
or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the 
overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Share.

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
"Relevant Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as 
the case may be, in the case of a Share, an amount equal to the official closing price (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) 
quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Share on the relevant Settlement Price Date, or if, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) cannot be so determined and the 
relevant Settlement Price Date is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to 
be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at 
the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date if so specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on 
the relevant Settlement Price Date if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) for the Share based, 
at the Calculation Agent's discretion, either (i) on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle 
market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) 
engaged in the trading of the Share, (ii) the determination made by any calculation agent of a Hedging 
Transaction, or (iii) on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide, such amount to be converted, 
if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, into the Specified Currency at the Exchange Rate 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms on the relevant Settlement Price Date and such converted 
amount to be the Relevant Price, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading 
Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which each Exchange and Related Exchange are scheduled to 
be open for trading for their respective regular trading session.  
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as 
the case may be, the Relevant Price for the relevant Settlement Price Date, as determined by or on behalf of 
the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Settlement Price Date" means any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Share Issuer" means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of the Share as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Valuation Time" means Coupon Valuation Time or the Redemption Valuation Time, as the case may be, 
specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if no such time is specified, the Scheduled Closing 
Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date in relation to each Share to be valued. If the 
relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the 
actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
2. 
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS 
2.1 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in each case ((i) and (ii)) the Calculation Agent determines 
is material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (iii) an Early 
Closure. 
2.2 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange 
or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted 
by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to the Share on the Exchange, or (ii) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
2.3 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for, the Shares on the Exchange, or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for, futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related Exchange.

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
2.4 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and 
(ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for 
execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
2.5 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event 
has occurred. The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances notify 
the Issuer of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, 
would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, a Knock-in Determination Day or a 
Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. Without 
limiting the obligation of the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer as set forth in the preceding sentence, 
failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall not affect the 
validity of the occurrence and effect of such Disrupted Day. 
2.6 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
3. 
ADJUSTMENTS 
Potential Adjustment Events: 
3.1 
Following the declaration by the Share Issuer of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation 
Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the relevant Shares and, if so, will (i) make the corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to 
the Strike Price, Initial Price, Final Price and Barrier(s), as the case may be, and any other variable relevant 
to the redemption and the payment of the coupon amount or other terms of the Notes as the Calculation 
Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no 
adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or 
liquidity relative to the relevant Share) and (ii) determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). The 
Calculation Agent may at its discretion determine the appropriate adjustment(s) by reference to (i) the 
adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the 
relevant Shares traded on such options exchange, (ii) the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential 
Adjustment Event made by any calculation agent of any Hedging Transaction, or (iii) on such factors as the 
Calculation Agent shall decide. 
3.2 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of a relevant Share (unless resulting in a Merger 
Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (A) such Shares, or (B) 
other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of 
liquidation of the Share Issuer equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such 
Shares, or (C) share capital or other securities of another share issuer acquired or owned (directly 
or indirectly) by the Share Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (D) any 
other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other 
consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; 
(iv) 
a call by the Share Issuer in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by the Share Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares whether out of profits 
or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(vi) 
in respect of the Share Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or 
becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the Share 
Issuer pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that 
provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon 
any redemption of such rights; or 
(vii) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effected on the theoretical value of the 
relevant Shares. 
4. 
EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS 
4.1 
Definitions: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means a Change in Law, Failure to Deliver, Insolvency Filing or Hedging 
Disruption. 
"Announcement Date" means, (i) in the case of a Merger Event, the date of the first public announcement 
of a firm intention to engage in a transaction (whether or not subsequently amended) that leads to the Merger 
Event, (ii) in the case of a Tender Offer, the date of the first public announcement of a firm intention to 
purchase or otherwise obtain the requisite number of voting shares (whether or not subsequently amended) 
that leads to the Tender Offer, (iii) in the case of a Nationalisation, the date of the first public announcement 
to nationalise (whether or not subsequently amended) that leads to the Nationalisation, (iv) in the case of an 
Insolvency, the date of the first public announcement of the institution of a proceeding or presentation of a 
petition or passing of a resolution (or other analogous procedure in any jurisdiction) that leads to the 
Insolvency and (v) in the case of a Delisting, the date of the first public announcement by the Exchange that 
the Shares will cease to be listed, traded or publicly quoted in the manner described in the "Delisting" 
definition below. In respect of any Extraordinary Event, if the announcement of such Extraordinary Event 
is made after the actual closing time for the regular trading session on the relevant Exchange, without regard 
to any after hours or any other trading outside of such regular trading session hours, the Announcement Date 
shall be deemed to be the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of 
or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Hedging Party(ies) 
determine(s) in good faith that (X) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of Shares relating to the 
Hedging Transaction(s), or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on its tax position). 
"Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a clearance system, any day on which such 
clearance system is (but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for the 
acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Delisting" means that the Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the Shares 
cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a 
Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or 
quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the 
European Union, in any member state of the European Union). 
"Extraordinary Event" means a Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency, Delisting or any 
applicable Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Party(ies) is/are unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk of entering into and performing its obligations, 
or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Party(ies)" means the Issuer and, if any, the entity with which the Issuer agrees the Hedging 
Transaction(s). 
"Hedging Transaction" means any transaction that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor enter into in order to 
hedge their obligations in respect of the Notes; 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Share Issuer, (A) all the Shares of that

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
Share Issuer are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) holders of 
the Shares of that Share Issuer become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
"Insolvency Filing" means that the Share Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in 
the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents 
to proceedings seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided 
that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Share Issuer shall 
not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined 
under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (i) reclassification or change of such Shares 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another 
entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer 
with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share 
exchange in which such Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification 
or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100% of the outstanding 
Shares of the Share Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such 
Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) the consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer or its subsidiaries with or into another 
entity in which the Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or 
change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50% of 
the outstanding Shares immediately following such event (a "Reverse Merger"), in each case if the Merger 
Date is on or before, in the case of Cash Settled Notes, the latest of the last occurring Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, Observation 
Date or Valuation Date. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of a Share Issuer are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, 
entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"New Shares" means ordinary or common shares, whether of the entity or person (other than the Share 
Issuer) involved in the Merger Event or the making of the Tender Offer or a third party, that are, or that as 
of the Merger Date or Tender Offer Date are promptly scheduled to be, (i) publicly quoted, traded or listed 
on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange 
is within the European Union, in any member state of the European Union) and (ii) not subject to any 
currency exchange controls, trading restrictions or other trading limitations. 
"Other Consideration" means cash and/or any securities (other than New Shares) or assets (whether of the 
entity or person (other than the Share Issuer) involved in the Merger Event or the making of the Tender Offer 
or a third party). 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Share, the period of Clearance System Business Days following 
a trade in such Shares on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of 
the Exchange. 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, an event beyond the control of the Hedging 
Party(ies) as a result of which the relevant clearance system cannot clear the transfer of such Share. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity 
or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, 
by conversion or other means, greater than 10% and less than 100% of the outstanding voting shares of the 
Share Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental 
or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in the amount of 
the applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent).

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
4.2 
Consequences: 
Consequences of Merger Events: in respect of any Merger Event, on or after the relevant Merger Date, the 
Calculation Agent shall either (i) (A) make such adjustment to any one or more of the coupon amount or 
any other terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic 
effect on the Notes of such Merger Event (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, 
expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Notes), which may, but need 
not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of such Merger Event by an options 
exchange to options on the relevant Shares traded on such options exchange and (B) determine the effective 
date of that adjustment, or (ii) if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make 
under (i) will produce a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer that the 
relevant consequence shall be the early redemption of the Notes. If the early redemption of the Notes occurs, 
then the Issuer will pay to the Noteholders the Early Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent for each of the outstanding Notes. 
Consequences of Tender Offer: in respect of any Tender Offer, on or after the relevant Tender Offer Date, 
the Share Issuer and the Shares will not change, but the Calculation Agent shall either (i) (A) make such 
adjustment to the coupon amount or any other terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Notes of such Tender Offer (including adjustments to 
account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to 
the Notes), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of 
such Tender Offer by an options exchange to options on the relevant shares traded on such options exchange 
and (B) determine the effective date of that adjustment, or (ii) if the Calculation Agent determines that no 
adjustment that it could make under (i) will produce a commercially reasonably result, the Calculation Agent 
will notify the Issuer that the relevant consequence shall be the early redemption of the Notes. If the early 
redemption of the Notes occurs, then the Issuer will pay to the Noteholders the Early Redemption Amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the outstanding Notes. 
Consequences of Nationalisation, Insolvency Filing and Delisting: upon the Issuer's becoming aware of 
the occurrence of a Nationalisation, Insolvency Filing or Delisting, the early redemption of the Notes will 
take place (as determined by the Calculation Agent) and then the Issuer will pay to the Noteholders the Early 
Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the outstanding Notes. 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Event: upon becoming aware of the occurrence of an Additional 
Disruption Event, the Issuer may early redeem the Notes and therefore pay to the Noteholders the Early 
Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the outstanding Notes. 
Correction of the Share Price: in the event that the Share price on the Exchange which is utilised for any 
calculation or determination made under these Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction is 
published by the Exchange within one Settlement Cycle after the original publication, the Issuer may notify 
the Noteholder of that correction and the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is payable or 
deliverable as a result of that correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of these Notes to 
account for such correction. 
PART 2 SINGLE SHARE INDEX LINKED NOTES 
This Part 2 (Single Share Index Linked Notes) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms as being Single Share Index Linked Notes. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of each component security or reference security of the Share Index (each, a 
"Component Security"), the principal stock exchange on which such Component Security is principally 
traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Exchange Business Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Share Index Sponsor 
publishes the level of the Share Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular 
trading session, notwithstanding such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day Convention" means any of the following, as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms:

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
 
Following Business Day Convention: if the date specified as Valuation Date in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day, the Valuation Date will be the first succeeding 
Exchange Business Day. 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention: if the date specified as Valuation Date in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day, the Valuation Date will be the 
first succeeding Exchange Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which 
case the Valuation Date will be the first preceding day that is an Exchange Business Day. 
"Related Exchange" means in respect of a Share Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as 
such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such 
Share Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Share Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that 
where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the Applicable Transaction Terms, "Related 
Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Share Index. 
"Relevant Level" means, subject as referred to in relation to anyObservation Date, Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day as the case may be in the case of a Share Index, an amount equal to the official closing level of such 
Share Index, or in the case of a Share Dividend Index, the level for the Share Dividend Index for the relevant 
day, as published by the relevant Share Index Sponsor, as determined by the Calculation Agent or, if so 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the level of the Share Index determined by the Calculation 
Agent as set out in the Applicable Transaction Terms at the Valuation Time. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading 
Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which: (i) the Share Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish 
the level of the Share Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular 
trading session. 
"Share Index Sponsor" means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing 
the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Share 
Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the relevant Share Index on a regulated 
basis during each Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Settlement Level" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, 
as the case may be, the Relevant Level for the relevant Settlement Level Date, all as determined by or on 
behalf of the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Settlement Level Date" means the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Share Dividend Index" means an index specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Valuation Time" means (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred: (a) in respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect 
of such Component Security, and (b) in respect of any options contracts or future contracts on the Share 
Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, the Coupon Valuation 
Time or the Redemption Valuation Time, as the case may be, specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or, if no such time is specified, the time at which the official closing level of the Share Index is calculated 
and published by the Share Index Sponsor. 
2. 
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS 
2.1 
"Market Disruption Event" means either:

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
(i) 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(1) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one-hour period 
that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which 
such Component Security is principally traded; 
(2) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one-hour period 
that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which 
such Component Security is principally traded; or 
(3) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security; and 
(b) 
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a Trading Disruption, an 
Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists and comprises 20% or more of 
the level of the Share Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to the Share Index, 
of: (a) a Trading Disruption Event; (b) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation 
Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the Valuation 
Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (c) an Early Closure, in each case in respect of such 
futures or options contracts. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a Component 
Security at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such Component Security at that 
time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component Security to the level of the Share Index 
shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Share Index attributable to that 
Component Security to (y) the overall level of the Share Index, in each case using the official opening 
weightings as published by the Sponsor as part of the market "opening data". 
2.2 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange 
or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted 
by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to the Share on the Exchange, or 
(ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
2.3 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, 
or obtain market values for: (i) any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component 
Security or (ii) futures or options contracts relating to the Share Index on the Related Exchange. 
2.4 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect of any 
Component Security or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing 
is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of: (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange 
(as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day. 
2.5 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Share Index Sponsor fails to publish 
the level of the Share Index; (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading 
session; or (iii) other than in the case of a Share Dividend Index, a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances notify the Issuer of 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have 
been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-out 
Determination Day, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. Without limiting the 
obligation of the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer as set forth in the preceding sentence, failure by the 
Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall not affect the validity of 
the occurrence and effect of such Disrupted Day on the Notes. 
2.6 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date.

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
3. 
ADJUSTMENTS 
3.1 
If the Share Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Share Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor 
sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (iii) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used 
in the calculation of that Share Index, then in each case that index (the "Successor Share Index") will be 
deemed to be the Share Index. 
3.2 
If (i) on or prior to any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-
out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, the Share Index Sponsor announces that it will 
make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating that Share Index or in any other way 
materially modifies that Share Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain that Share Index in the event of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation and other routine 
events) (an "Share Index Modification") or permanently cancels the Share Index and no Successor Share 
Index exists (an "Share Index Cancellation") or (ii) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date in respect 
of this Note, the Share Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Share Index (an "Share 
Index Disruption" and together with a Share Index Modification and a Share Index Cancellation, each an 
"Share Index Adjustment Event"), then the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Share Index 
Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Notes and, if so, shall calculate the relevant Strike Price(s), 
Initial Price(s), Valuation Price(s), Final Price(s) and Barrier(s) and any other variable relevant to the 
redemption and the payment of the coupon amount or other terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to account for that Share Index Adjustment Event, using, in lieu of a published level 
for that Share Index, the level for that Share Index as at that Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that 
Share Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using only those securities that 
comprised that Share Index immediately prior to that Share Index Adjustment Event. 
3.3 
Correction of Share Index 
In the event that any price or level published on the Exchange or by the Share Index Sponsor and which is 
utilised for any calculation or determination made under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the 
correction is published by the Exchange or the Share Index Sponsor within one Settlement Cycle after the 
original publication, the Issuer may notify the Noteholder of that correction and the Calculation Agent will 
determine the amount that is payable or deliverable as a result of that correction. 
"Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a clearance system, any day on which such 
clearance system is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for 
the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of the Share Index, the number of Clearance System Business Days 
following a trade in such shares on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to 
the rules of the Exchange (if there are multiple Exchanges in respect of the Share Index, the longest such 
period). 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Component Security, an event beyond the control of 
the Hedging Party(ies) as a result of which the relevant clearance system cannot clear the transfer of such 
Component Security. 
4. 
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS 
4.1 
Definitions: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means a Change in Law, Insolvency Filing or Hedging Disruption. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of 
or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Hedging Party(ies) 
determine(s) in good faith that (X) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of Shares relating to the 
Hedging Transaction(s), or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on its tax position). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Party(ies) is/are unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk of entering into and performing its obligations, 
or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), being both transaction(s) 
and asset(s) the Hedging Transaction(s). 
"Hedging Party(ies)" means the Issuer and, if any, the entity with which the Issuer agrees the Hedging 
Transaction(s). 
"Hedging Transaction" means any transaction that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor enter into in order to 
hedge their obligations in respect of the Notes;  
"Insolvency Filing" means that the issuer of a Component Security institutes or has instituted against it by 
a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or 
home office, or it consents to proceedings seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief 
under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents 
to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented 
to by the issuer of the Component Security shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
4.2 
Consequences: upon becoming aware of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer may 
early redeem the Notes and therefore pay to the Noteholders the Early Redemption Amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent per each of the outstanding Notes. 
PART 3 SHARE BASKET LINKED NOTES 
This Part 3 (Share Basket Linked Notes) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms as being Share Basket Linked Notes. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
"Exchange" means, in respect of each Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for the 
Share in the Applicable Transaction Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Share has temporary relocated (provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such 
Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day Convention" means any of the following, as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms: 
 
Following Business Day Convention: if the date specified as Valuation Date in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day for any of the Shares comprised in the Basket, 
the Valuation Date will be deemed to be, only for that Share, the first succeeding Exchange 
Business Day. 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention: if the date specified as Valuation Date in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day for any of the Shares comprised 
in the Basket, the Valuation Date will be deemed to be, only for that Share, the first succeeding 
Exchange Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the 
Valuation Date for that Share will be the first preceding day that is an Exchange Business Day. 
"Related Exchange" means each exchange or quotation system specified as such for each Share in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to each Share has 
temporally relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the futures or options contracts relating to each Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" is specified as

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
the Related Exchange in the Applicable Transaction Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange 
or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the 
overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Share. 
"Relevant Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as 
the case may be, in the case of a Share, an amount equal to the official closing price (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) 
quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Share or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such 
official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date if so specified 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms) cannot be so determined and the relevant Settlement Price Date is not 
a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the 
closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) and the closing fair market selling 
price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date if so 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) for the Share based, at the Calculation Agent's discretion, 
either (i) on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two 
or more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of the Share , (ii) 
the determination made by any calculation agent of a Hedging Transaction, or (iii) on such other factors as 
the Calculation Agent shall decide, such amount to be converted, if so specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, into the Specified Currency at the Exchange Rate specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms on the relevant Settlement Price Date as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading 
Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which each Exchange and Related Exchange are scheduled to 
be open for trading for their respective regular trading session. 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as 
the case may be, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
"Settlement Price Date" means any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Share Basket" means, where the Share Basket Linked Notes are linked to the performance of more than 
one Share, a basket comprising such Shares, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Share Issuer" means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of the Share as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Valuation Time" means the Coupon Valuation Time or Redemption Valuation Time, as the case may be, 
specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if no such time is specified, the Scheduled Closing 
Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date in relation to each Share to be valued. If the 
relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the 
actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
2. 
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS 
2.1 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in each case ((i) and (ii)) the Calculation Agent determines 
is material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (iii) an Early 
Closure. 
2.2 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange 
or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted 
by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to the Share on the Exchange, or (ii) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related Exchange.

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
2.3 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for, the Shares on the Exchange, or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for, futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
2.4 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and 
(ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for 
execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
2.5 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event 
has occurred. The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances notify 
the Issuer, of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or , a Knock-in Determination Day or a 
Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. Without 
limiting the obligation of the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer as set forth in the preceding sentence, 
failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall not affect the 
validity of the occurrence and effect of such Disrupted Day. 
2.6 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
3. 
ADJUSTMENTS 
Potential Adjustment Events: 
3.1 
Following the declaration by the Share Issuer of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation 
Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the relevant Shares and, if so, will (i) make the corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to 
the Strike Price, Initial Price(s), Valuation Price(s), Final Price(s) and Barrier(s), as the case may be, and, in 
any case, any other variable relevant to the redemption and the payment of the coupon amount or other terms 
of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative 
effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share) and (ii) determine the effective date(s) 
of the adjustment(s). The Calculation Agent may at its discretion determine the appropriate adjustment(s) 
by reference to (i) the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by an options 
exchange to options on the relevant Shares traded on such options exchange, (ii) the adjustment(s) in respect 
of such Potential Adjustment Event made by any calculation agent of any Hedging Transaction, or (iii) on 
such factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide. 
3.2 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares (unless resulting in a Merger 
Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (A) such Shares, or (B) 
other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of 
liquidation of the Share Issuer equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such 
Shares, or (C) share capital or other securities of another share issuer acquired or owned (directly 
or indirectly) by the Share Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (D) any 
other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other 
consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; 
(iv) 
a call by the Share Issuer in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by the Share Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares whether out of profits 
or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise;

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
(vi) 
in respect of the Share Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or 
becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the Share 
Issuer pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that 
provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt 
instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon 
any redemption of such rights; or 
(vii) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
relevant Shares. 
4. 
EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS 
4.1 
Definitions: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means Change in Law, Failure to Deliver, Insolvency Filing or Hedging 
Disruption. 
"Announcement Date" means, (i) in the case of a Merger Event, the date of the first public announcement 
of a firm intention to engage in a transaction (whether or not subsequently amended) that leads to the Merger 
Event, (ii) in the case of a Tender Offer, the date of the first public announcement of a firm intention to 
purchase or otherwise obtain the requisite number of voting shares (whether or not subsequently amended) 
that leads to the Tender Offer, (iii) in the case of a Nationalisation, the date of the first public announcement 
to nationalise (whether or not subsequently amended) that leads to the Nationalisation, (iv) in the case of an 
Insolvency, the date of the first public announcement of the institution of a proceeding or presentation of a 
petition or passing of a resolution (or other analogous procedure in any jurisdiction) that leads to the 
Insolvency and (v) in the case of a Delisting, the date of the first public announcement by the Exchange that 
the Shares will cease to be listed, traded or publicly quoted in the manner described in the "Delisting" 
definition below. In respect of any Extraordinary Event, if the announcement of such Extraordinary Event 
is made after the actual closing time for the regular trading session on the relevant Exchange, without regard 
to any after hours or any other trading outside of such regular trading session hours, the Announcement Date 
shall be deemed to be the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of 
or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Hedging Party(ies) 
determine(s) in good faith that (X) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of Shares relating to the 
Hedging Transaction(s), or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on its tax position). 
"Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a clearance system, any day on which such 
clearance system is (but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for the 
acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Delisting" means that the Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the Shares 
cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a 
Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or 
quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the 
European Union, in any member state of the European Union). 
"Extraordinary Event" means a Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency, Delisting or any 
applicable Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Party(ies) is/are unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk of entering into and performing its obligations, 
or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), being both transaction(s) 
and asset(s) to the Hedging Transaction(s). 
"Hedging Party(ies)" means the Issuer and, if any, the entity with which the Issuer agrees the Hedging 
Transaction(s).

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
"Hedging Transaction" means any transaction that the Issuer enters into in order to hedge its obligations in 
respect of the Notes; 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Share Issuer, (A) all the Shares of that 
Share Issuer are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) holders of 
the Shares of that Share Issuer become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
"Insolvency Filing" means that the Share Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in 
the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents 
to proceedings seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided 
that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Share Issuer shall 
not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined 
under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (i) reclassification or change of such Shares 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another 
entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer 
with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share 
exchange in which such Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification 
or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100% of the outstanding 
Shares of the Share Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such 
Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer or its subsidiaries with or into another 
entity in which the Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or 
change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50% of 
the outstanding Shares immediately following such event (a "Reverse Merger"), in each case if the Merger 
Date is on or before, in the case of Cash Settled Notes, the latest of the last occurring Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, Observation 
Date or Valuation Date. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of a Share Issuer are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, 
entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"New Shares" means ordinary or common shares, whether of the entity or person (other than the Share 
Issuer) involved in the Merger Event or the making of the Tender Offer or a third party, that are, or that as 
of the Merger Date or Tender Offer Date are promptly scheduled to be, (i) publicly quoted, traded or listed 
on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange 
is within the European Union, in any member state of the European Union) and (ii) not subject to any 
currency exchange controls, trading restrictions or other trading limitations. 
"Other Consideration" means cash and/or any securities (other than New Shares) or assets (whether of the 
entity or person (other than the Share Issuer) involved in the Merger Event or the making of the Tender Offer 
or a third party). 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Share, the period of Clearance System Business Days following 
a trade in such Shares on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of 
the Exchange. 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, an event beyond the control of the Hedging 
Party(ies) as a result of which the relevant clearance system cannot clear the transfer of such Share. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity 
or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, 
by conversion or other means, greater than 10% and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
of the Share Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with 
governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in the amount of 
the applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent). 
4.2 
Consequences: 
Consequences of Merger Events: in respect of any Merger Event, on or after the relevant Merger Date, the 
Calculation Agent shall either (i) (A) make such adjustment to any one or more of the coupon amount or 
any other terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic 
effect on the Notes of such Merger Event (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, 
expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Notes), which may, but need 
not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of such Merger Event by an options 
exchange to options on the relevant Shares traded on such options exchange and (B) determine the effective 
date of that adjustment, or (ii) if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make 
under (i) will produce a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer that the 
relevant consequence shall be the early redemption of the Notes. If the early redemption of the Notes occurs, 
then the Issuer will pay to the Noteholders the Early Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent for each of the outstanding Notes. 
Consequences of Tender Offer: in respect of any Tender Offer, on or after the relevant Tender Offer Date, 
the Share Issuer and the Shares will not change, but the Calculation Agent shall either (i) (A) make such 
adjustment to the coupon amount or any other terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Notes of such Tender Offer (including adjustments to 
account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to 
the Notes), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of 
such Tender Offer by an options exchange to options on the relevant shares traded on such options exchange 
and (B) determine the effective date of that adjustment, or (ii) if the Calculation Agent determines that no 
adjustment that it could make under (i) will produce a commercially reasonably result, the Calculation Agent 
will notify the Issuer that the relevant consequence shall be the early redemption of the Notes. If the early 
redemption of the Notes occurs, then the Issuer will pay to the Noteholders the Early Redemption Amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the outstanding Notes. 
Consequences of Nationalisation, Insolvency Filing and Delisting: upon becoming aware of the 
occurrence of a Nationalisation, Insolvency Filing or Delisting, the early redemption of the Notes will take 
place (as determined by the Calculation Agent) and then the Issuer will pay to the Noteholders the Early 
Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the outstanding Notes. 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Event: upon becoming aware of the occurrence of an Additional 
Disruption Event, the Issuer may early redeem the Notes and therefore pay to the Noteholders the Early 
Redemption Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent for each of the outstanding Notes. 
Correction of the Share Price: in the event that the Share price on the Exchange which is utilised for any 
calculation or determination made under these Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction is 
published by the Exchange within one Settlement Cycle after the original publication, the Issuer may notify 
of that correction and the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is payable or deliverable as a 
result of that correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of these Notes to account for such 
correction. 
PART 4 SHARE INDEX BASKET LINKED NOTES 
This Part 4 (Share Index Basket Linked Notes) is applicable only in the Applicable Transaction Terms as being Share 
Index Basket Linked Notes. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
"Exchange" means, in respect of each component security or reference security of each of the Indices (each, 
a "Component Security"), the principal stock exchange on which such Component Security is principally 
traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of each Share Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(i) the relevant Share Index Sponsor publishes the level of the Share Index; and (ii) the relevant Related

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding the Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day Convention" means any of the following, as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms: 
 
Following Business Day Convention: if the date specified as Valuation Date in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day for any of the Indices, the Valuation Date will 
be deemed to be, only for that Share Index, the first succeeding Exchange Business Day. 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention: in case the date specified as Valuation Date in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms is not an Exchange Business Day for any of the Share Indices 
comprised in the Basket, the Valuation Date will be deemed to be, only for that Share Index, the 
first succeeding Exchange Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which 
case the Valuation Date for that Share Index will be the first preceding day that is an Exchange 
Business Day. 
"Related Exchange" means, in respect of each Share Index, each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such 
Share Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Share Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that 
where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the Applicable Transaction Terms, "Related 
Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Share Index. 
"Relevant Level" means, subject as referred to in relation to Observation Date, Valuation Date, Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the 
case may be, in the case of a Share Index, an amount equal to the official closing level of such Share Index 
or in the case of a Share Dividend Index, the level for the Share Dividend Index for the relevant day, as 
published by the relevant Share Index Sponsor, as determined by the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms, the level of the Share Index determined by the Calculation Agent as set 
out in the Applicable Transaction Terms at the Valuation Time. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading 
Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of each Share Index, any day on which: (i) the Share Index 
Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the Share Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to 
be open for trading for its regular trading session. 
"Settlement Level" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, 
as the case may be, the Relevant Level for the relevant Settlement Level Date, all as determined by or on 
behalf of the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Settlement Level Date" means any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Share Dividend Index" means an index specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Share Index Basket" means, where the Share Index Basket Linked Notes are linked to the performance of 
more than one Share Index, a basket comprising such Shares Indices, as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Share Index Sponsor" means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing 
the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Share 
Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the relevant Share Index on a regulated 
basis during each Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days.

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
"Valuation Time" means (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred: (a) in respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect 
of such Component Security, and (b) in respect of any options contracts or future contracts on the Share 
Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, the Coupon Valuation 
Time or the Redemption Valuation Time, as the case may be, specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or, if no such time is specified, the time at which the official closing level of the Share Index is calculated 
and published by the Share Index Sponsor. 
2. 
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS 
2.1 
"Market Disruption Event" means either: 
(i) 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(1) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period 
that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which 
such Component Security is principally traded; 
(2) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period 
that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which 
such Component Security is principally traded; or 
(3) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security; and 
(b) 
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a Trading Disruption, an 
Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists and comprises 20% or more of 
the level of the Share Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to the Share Index, 
of: (a) a Trading Disruption Event; (b) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation 
Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the Valuation 
Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (c) an Early Closure, in each case in respect of such 
futures or options contracts. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a Component 
Security at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such Component Security at that 
time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component Security to the level of the Share Index 
shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Share Index attributable to that 
Component Security to (y) the overall level of the Share Index, in each case using the official opening 
weightings as published by the Sponsor as part of the market "opening data". 
2.2 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange 
or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted 
by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to the Share on the Exchange; or 
(ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
2.3 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, 
or obtain market values for: (i) any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component 
Security; or (ii) futures or options contracts relating to the Share Index on the Related Exchange. 
2.4 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect of any 
Component Security or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing 
is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of: (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange 
(as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day. 
2.5 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Share Index Sponsor fails to publish 
the level of the Share Index; (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading 
session; or (iii) other than in the case of a Share Dividend Index, a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances notify the Issuer of

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have 
been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Datea Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-out 
Determination Day, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. Without limiting the 
obligation of the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer as set forth in the preceding sentence, failure by the 
Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall not affect the validity of 
the occurrence and effect of such Disrupted Day on the Notes. 
2.6 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
3. 
ADJUSTMENTS 
3.1 
If any of the Share Indices is (i) not calculated and announced by the Share Index Sponsor but is calculated 
and announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor 
sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (iii) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used 
in the calculation of that Share Index, then in each case that index (the "Successor Share Index") will be 
deemed to be the Share Index. 
3.2 
If (i) on or prior to any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date , Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-
out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, the Share Index Sponsor of any of the Share 
Indices announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating that 
Share Index or in any other way materially modifies that Share Index (other than a modification prescribed 
in that formula or method to maintain that Share Index in the event of changes in constituent stock and 
capitalisation and other routine events) (a "Share Index Modification") or permanently cancels the Share 
Index and no Successor Share Index exists (a "Share Index Cancellation") or (ii) on any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date 
or Valuation Date in respect of this Note, the Share Index Sponsor of any of the Indices fails to calculate 
and announce a relevant Share Index (a "Share Index Disruption" and together with a Share Index 
Modification and a Share Index Cancellation, each a "Share Index Adjustment Event"), then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine if such Share Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Notes 
and, if so, shall calculate the relevant Strike Price(s), Initial Price(s), Valuation Price(s), Final Price, Barrier, 
and any other variable relevant to the redemption and the payment of the coupon amount or other terms of 
the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that Share Index Adjustment Event, 
using, in lieu of a published level for that Share Index, the level for that Share Index as at that Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, 
Observation Date or Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
for and method of calculating that Share Index last effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but 
using only those securities that comprised that Share Index immediately prior to that Share Index Adjustment 
Event; 
3.3 
Correction of Share Index 
In the event that any price or level published on the Exchange or by the Share Index Sponsor of any of the 
Indices and which is utilised for any calculation or determination made under the Notes is subsequently 
corrected and the correction is published by the Exchange or the Share Index Sponsor within one Settlement 
Cycle after the original publication, the Issuer may notify the Noteholder of that correction and the 
Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is payable or deliverable as a result of that correction. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of any the Indices, the period of Clearance System Business Days 
following a trade in such shares on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to 
the rules of the Exchange (if there are multiple Exchanges in respect of the Share Index, the longest such 
period). 
"Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a clearance system, any day on which such 
clearance system is (but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for the 
acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Component Security, an event beyond the control of 
the Hedging Party(ies) as a result of which the relevant clearance system cannot clear the transfer of such 
Component Security.

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
4. 
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS 
4.1 
Definitions: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of the following events: 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of 
or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Hedging Party(ies) 
determine(s) in good faith that (X) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of Shares relating to the 
Hedging Transaction(s), or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on its tax position). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Party(ies) is/are unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk of entering into and performing its obligations, 
or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), being both transaction(s) 
and asset(s) to the Hedging Transaction(s). 
"Hedging Party(ies)" means the Issuer and, if any, the entity with which the Issuer agrees the Hedging 
Transaction(s).  
"Hedging Transaction" means any transaction that the Issuer enters into in order to hedge its obligations in 
respect of the Notes; 
"Insolvency Filing" means that the Share Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in 
the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents 
to proceedings seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided 
that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Share Issuer shall 
not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
Consequences: upon becoming aware of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer may 
early redeem the Notes and therefore pay to the Noteholders the Early Redemption Amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent for each of the outstanding Notes.

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
ANNEX 2 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES  
If specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes shall comprise the Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes set out below (the "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and subject to completion in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Conditions, the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the Payout 
Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or the Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions and (ii) the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Applicable Transaction Terms 
shall prevail. 
1. 
Non-EM Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1 apply unless EM Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a Subject Currency in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(a) 
Disruption Events 
The occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of any Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or 
Subject Currencies, shall be a "Disruption Event": 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) 
General Inconvertibility; 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) 
Material Change in Circumstance;  
(vii) 
Nationalisation; and/or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i) to (viii) above 
(inclusive). 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of 
the Disrupted Day, would have been a Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day, as the case may be.  
(b) 
Consequences of a Disruption Event 
Upon a Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day  (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in 
the ordinary course, be published by the relevant Price Source) as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
the Calculation Agent shall apply the applicable Disruption Fallback in determining the consequences of 
the Disruption Event. 
"Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for 
determining the Settlement Price when a Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is a Settlement 
Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day (or, if different, the day on 
which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the Price Source). 
The Calculation Agent shall take the relevant actions specified in either (i), (ii) or (iii) below:

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
(i) 
if a Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent will determine that the relevant Settlement Price Date 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day (in the case of 
the Strike Date or Valuation Date) or Valid Date (in the case of an Observation Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day), unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the originally scheduled Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, is a Disrupted Day in which case the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be the Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, as the case may be (irrespective, in the case of an Observation Date, Knock-
in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, of whether that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day is already an Observation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day, as the case may be) and may determine the Settlement Price (i) by using 
commercially reasonable efforts to determine a Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day taking into consideration all available 
information that in good faith it deems relevant, (ii) by using the adjustment(s) and/or 
calculations made by any calculation agent of any Hedging Transaction to determine a 
Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, 
or (iii) by using the arithmetic mean of the applicable prices or middle market quotations 
provided to it by two or more financial institutions engaged in the trading of the relevant 
underlying; or 
(ii) 
if a Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation Date, if Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence of a Disruption Event is specified as being not applicable in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), 
the Issuer shall redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by 
payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of such Note, less the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (i) in its sole and absolute own discretion, (ii) taking into 
account the calulations made by any calculation agent of any Hedging Transaction, or (iii) by 
using the arithmetic mean of the applicable prices or middle market quotations provided to it by 
two or more financial institutions engaged in the trading of the relevant underlying. Payment 
shall be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices); or 
(iii) 
if any Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is 
a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation Date, if Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence of a Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note less the cost to 
the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the 
"Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount") as soon as practicable following 
the occurrence of the Disruption Event (the "Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption 
Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Disruption Amount plus interest accrued on the Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption 
Amount on a daily basis from and including the Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption 
Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date, each such daily accrual rate 
being at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost on or about the relevant day or (y) if greater, its 
nominal amount. 
(c) 
Postponement of payment or settlement days 
Where any Settlement Price Date Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is 
postponed as a consequence of the provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1, 
then the corresponding date for payment or delivery of any asset shall fall on the later of (a) the date for 
such payment or delivery otherwise determined in accordance with the Applicable Transaction Terms 
and (b) the day falling on the Number of Postponement Settlement Days specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms (or, if none are so specified, two Business Days) after the last occurring Settlement 
Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock out Determination Day, as the case may be.

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
2. 
EM Currency Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 2 apply where EM Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a Subject Currency in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(a) 
EM Disruption Events 
If so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the occurrence of any of the following events, in 
respect of any Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies, shall be an "EM Disruption 
Event": 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) 
General Inconvertibility; 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) 
Material Change in Circumstance; 
(vii) 
Nationalisation;  
(viii) 
Price Materiality; ; and/or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i) to (viii) above 
(inclusive). 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of 
the Disrupted Day, would have been a Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day, as the case may be.  
(b) 
Consequences of an EM Disruption Event 
Upon an EM Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Settlement Price Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be (or, if different, the day on 
which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the relevant EM FX Price 
Source) as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply in determining the 
consequences of the EM Disruption Event: (a) EM Calculation Agent Determination where the 
applicable EM Disruption Event is other than Price Source Disruption or Price Materiality; and (b) the 
applicable EM Disruption Fallback where the applicable EM Disruption Event is a Price Source 
Disruption or Price Materiality.  
(c) 
Unscheduled Holiday 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a date that would otherwise have been a Settlement Price Date, 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is an Unscheduled Holiday in respect of 
a Subject Currency, then such date shall be the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day after the 
occurrence of the Unscheduled Holiday, subject as provided above, and provided that if such Settlement 
Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, has not 
occurred on or before the EM Maximum Days of Postponement following the originally designated 
Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may 
be, then the next Scheduled Trading Day after such period that would have been a Scheduled Trading 
Day but for the Unscheduled Holiday shall be deemed to be the relevant date for valuation and the 
Settlement Price shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on such day (i) in its sole discretion acting 
in good faith having taken into account relevant market practice and by reference to such additional 
source(s) as it deems appropriate, (ii) according to the determinations made by the calculation agent to 
any Hedging Transactions, or (iii) by using the arithmetic mean of the applicable prices or middle market

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 - 
quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions engaged in the trading of the relevant 
underlying. 
(d) 
Cumulative Events 
If "Cumulative Events" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of a 
Settlement Currency then, in no event shall the total number of consecutive calendar days during which 
a Settlement Price Date , Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is deferred due 
to either (i) an Unscheduled Holiday or (ii) an EM Valuation Postponement (or a combination of both (i) 
and (ii)) exceed the EM Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement in the aggregate. If a Settlement 
Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, is 
postponed by the number of calendar days equal to the EM Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement 
and at the end of such period (i) an Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be continuing on the 
day immediately following such period (the "Final Day"), then such Final Day shall be deemed to be the 
Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may 
be, and (ii) if a Price Source Disruption shall have occurred or be continuing on the Final Day, then 
Valuation Postponement shall not apply and the Settlement Price shall be determined in accordance with 
the next applicable EM Disruption Fallback. 
(e) 
Postponement of payment or settlement days 
Where any Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is 
postponed as a consequence of the provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 2, 
then the corresponding date for payment or delivery of any asset shall fall on the later of (a) the date for 
such payment or delivery otherwise determined in accordance with the Applicable Transaction Terms 
and (b) the day falling on the EM Number of Postponement Settlement Days specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms (or, if none are so specified, two Business Days) after the last occurring Settlement 
Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be. 
3. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
This Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 3 is applicable only:  
(i) 
if "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in which 
case any payment under the Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-
in Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) 
if "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in which 
case any payment under the Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-
out Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
(b) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms is the Valuation Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation Time and if a Disruption Event or an 
EM Disruption Event would otherwise have occurred on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, then, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, such Knock-
in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of 
a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
(c) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms is any time or period of time other than the Valuation Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation 
Time during the regular trading hours for the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies 
and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the 
one-hour period that begins or ends at the time at which a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event would 
otherwise have occurred, a Disruption Event or an EM Disruption Event occurs or exists, then, unless 
otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event 
shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
4. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If "AER Value Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, then, unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 - 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, 
as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, all but 
not some only of the Notes will be automatically redeemed on the Automatic Early Redemption Date 
immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or the last day of the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Period, as applicable, and the Issuer shall redeem each Note at an amount 
equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
5. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). If the Notes 
are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him 
which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note, taking into account the Additional Disruption 
Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements all as determined by the Calculation Agent (i) in its sole and absolute discretion, (ii) 
according to the determinations made by the calculation agent to any Hedging Transactions, or (iii) by 
using the arithmetic mean of the applicable prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or 
more financial institutions engaged in the trading of the relevant underlying. Payments will be made in 
such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
6. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost of 
Hedging, in each case if specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms, being a term defined in 
Payout Condition 4.2. 
"AER Value Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is: 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Level, (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal to 
the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Payout set out in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day and no Noteholder shall 
be entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of any such delay.  
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as 
such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1 and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Condition 2. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Payout" is as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 - 
Transaction Terms, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, 
in the event of an Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Note Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day 
determined in accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be delayed in accordance with the 
corresponding provisions of the definition of Valuation Date which shall apply mutatis mutandis as if 
references in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Base Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion 
that it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes or it has become illegal to hold, acquire 
or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes. 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that any of the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject 
Currencies, splits into dual or multiple currency exchange rates. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Disruption Event or EM Disruption Event has occurred. 
"EM Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for 
determining the Settlement Price when an EM Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is a 
Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day (or, if different, 
the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the 
EM FX Price Source) being, in respect of a Subject Currency, any of EM Calculation Agent 
Determination, EM First Fallback Reference Price, EM Second Fallback Reference Price and EM 
Valuation Postponement, as so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms for such Subject Currency. 
Where more than one EM Disruption Fallback is so specified then such EM Disruption Fallbacks shall 
apply in the order in which they are specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms until the Settlement 
Price can be determined for such exchange rate relating to that Settlement Currency for such Settlement 
Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day.  
Where: 
(a) 
"EM Calculation Agent Determination" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Price taking into consideration all information that it deems relevant. 
(b) 
"EM First Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Price by reference to the applicable First Fallback Reference Price and, for which 
purpose, references in the definition of Settlement Price to "EM FX Price Source", "EM 
Valuation Time" and "EM Number of Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, to be 
to "First Fallback EM FX Price Source", "First Fallback Valuation Time" and "First Fallback 
EM Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such terms shall have the meanings given 
to them in the Applicable Transaction Terms). 
(c) 
"EM Second Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Price by reference to the applicable Second Fallback Reference Price and, for which 
purpose, references in the definition of Settlement Price to "EM FX Price Source", "EM 
Valuation Time" and "EM Number of Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, to be 
to "Second Fallback EM FX Price Source", "Second Fallback Valuation Time" and "Second 
Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such terms shall have the 
meanings given to them in the Applicable Transaction Terms).

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 - 
(d) 
"EM Valuation Postponement" means that the Settlement Price shall be determined on the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that no such Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted 
Day has occurred on or before the day falling the EM Maximum Days of Postponement 
following the originally designated Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, as the case may be. In such event, the Settlement Price shall be determined 
on the next Scheduled Trading Day after the EM Maximum Days of Postponement 
(notwithstanding the fact that day may be a Disrupted Day) in accordance with the next 
applicable EM Disruption Fallback.  
"EM FX Price Source" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the price source(s) specified as such in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms (or any successor to such price source(s) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent).   
"EM Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days. 
"EM Maximum Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days.  
"EM Number of Settlement Days" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the number of days on 
which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of an EM Disruption Event would have 
been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice 
of the foreign exchange market) in the or each Settlement Day Centre specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms (each, an "EM Settlement Day"). Where no such number or zero is so specified, then 
such rate shall be for settlement on the same day.   
"EM Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or, if no such percentage is specified, 3%.  
"EM Primary Rate" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the rate specified as such for such Subject 
Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"EM Secondary Rate" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the rate specified as such for such 
Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"EM Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the time 
at which the EM FX Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is 
calculated. 
"General Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to 
convert a Subject Currency into the Base Currency in a Subject Currency Jurisdiction through customary 
legal channels. 
"General Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible 
to deliver (A) the Base Currency from accounts inside a Subject Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside 
a Subject Currency Jurisdiction or (B) the Subject Currency between accounts inside a Subject Currency 
Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of a Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental 
authority or (ii) any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets 
(including the central bank), in each case in any relevant jurisdiction. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, 
receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). Such event will not be 
applicable in the case of Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or on EuroTLX.

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 - 
"Hedging Transaction" means any transaction that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor enter into in order to 
hedge their obligations in respect of the Notes; 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the Base Currency, 
Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent 
to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the Calculation Agent to 
hedge its obligations under the Notes (in one or more transaction(s)) on the relevant Settlement Price 
Date , Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day (or, if different, the day on which 
rates for such Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day 
would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant Price Source or EM FX Price 
Source). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, 
without limitation foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due 
to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed 
an Increased Cost of Hedging. Such event will not be applicable in the case of Notes admitted to trading 
on SeDeX Market or on EuroTLX. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, or otherwise each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date.  
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A):  
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Level or (B) within the Knock-in Range, (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day, or (y) in 
respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Knock-in Level" means the FX Knock-in Level or the price, level, amount, percentage or value 
specified as such or otherwise determined in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 
1(a) and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1(b). 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, percentages or values specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time 
to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 1 (Non-
EM Valuation and Disruption Provisions) or, as the case may be, Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked 
Condition 2 (EM Currency Valuation and Disruption Provisions).

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 - 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or in the event that the Applicable Transaction 
Terms does not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation 
Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation Time. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms, being a term defined 
in Payout Condition 4.2. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, or otherwise each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period.  
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than;  
(ii) 
greater than or equal to;  
(iii) 
less than; or  
(iv) 
less than or equal to,  
the Knock-out Level or (B) within the Knock-out Range, (x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or (y) 
in respect of any Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms.  
"Knock-out Level" means the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Linked Rate Condition 1(a) and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1(b). 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, percentages or values specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment from time 
to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 1 (Non-
EM Valuation and Disruption Provisions) or, as the case may be, Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked 
Condition 2 (EM Currency Valuation and Disruption Provisions). 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or in the event that the Applicable Transaction 
Terms does not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation Time. 
"Knock-out Value" means the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the Applicable Transaction Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Linked Rate Condition 1(a) and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1(b). 
"Material Change in Circumstance" means the occurrence of any event (other than those events 
specified as Disruption Events or, as the case may be, EM Disruption Events) in the Subject Currency 
Jurisdiction beyond the control of the parties to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Notes which 
makes it impossible (A) for a party to fulfil its obligations under the hedging arrangement or (B) generally 
to fulfil obligations similar to such party's obligations under that hedging arrangement.

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 - 
"Nationalisation" means any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by 
any Governmental Authority which deprives a party to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Notes of 
all or substantially all of its assets in the Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if any 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are 
specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such day is the Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 1(b) shall apply, or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as 
applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of an 
Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
"Price Materiality" means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the EM Primary Rate 
differs from any EM Secondary Rate by at least the EM Price Materiality Percentage or if there are 
insufficient responses on the relevant Settlement Price Date , Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day to any survey used to calculate any such rate, then the EM Price Materiality 
Percentage will be deemed to be met.  
"Price Source" means the published source, information vendor or provider containing or reporting the 
rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated as specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms. 
"Price Source Disruption" means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which the 
Settlement Price is calculated. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the relevant page specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or any successor to such page or service acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means:  
(a) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as not applicable in respect of 
a Subject Currency, a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a 
Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the principal financial 
centre of each of the Base Currency and the Subject Currency or Subject Currencies. In the case 
of euro, for these purposes, the principal financial centre shall be deemed to mean each of 
Frankfurt and Brussels; and 
(b) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a 
Subject Currency, a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of an 
EM Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the or each 
EM Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
provided that where the Subject Currency is BRL, then notwithstanding the foregoing, if the 
Settlement Price Date , Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day falls on 
a date that, as the Trade Date, is not a scheduled day on which commercial banks are open (or, 
but for the occurrence of an EM Disruption Event would have been open) for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign 
exchange market) in New York City (an "NYC Business Day"), then no adjustment to such 
date shall be made on account of the fact that such date is not an NYC Business Day. 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes Condition 
1 or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes Condition 2 above, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes relating to a basket of Subject 
Currencies and in respect of a Subject Currency:

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 - 
(i) 
unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of such 
Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the spot rate of exchange appearing on 
the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out 
Valuation Time, as applicable, on the relevant Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the exchange of such Subject Currency into the Base 
Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of such Subject Currency for which 
one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged) or, if such rate is not available, the arithmetic 
mean (rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as 
determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Subject Currency/Base 
Currency exchange rates (expressed as aforesaid) at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation 
Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on the relevant Settlement Price Date, 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, of two or 
more leading dealers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) on a foreign exchange market (as 
selected by the Calculation Agent), multiplied by the relevant Weighting; or 
(ii) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of such 
Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms the rate of exchange appearing on the 
EM FX Price Source at the EM Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out 
Valuation Time, as applicable, on the relevant Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the exchange of such Subject Currency per one unit 
of the Base Currency for settlement on the EM Number of Settlement Days, multiplied by the 
relevant Weighting; and 
(b) 
in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes relating to a single Subject Currency: 
(i) 
unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of such 
Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, an amount equal to the spot rate of 
exchange appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation 
Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on the relevant Settlement Price Date, 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the exchange of such Subject 
Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Subject 
Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged) or, if such rate is not 
available, the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and 
offer Subject Currency/Base Currency exchange rates (expressed as aforesaid) at the Valuation 
Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the 
case may be, of two or more leading dealers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) on a foreign 
exchange market (as selected by the Calculation Agent); or 
(ii) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of such 
Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the rate of exchange appearing on the 
EM FX Price Source at the EM Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out 
Valuation Time, as applicable, on the relevant Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the exchange of such Subject Currency per one unit 
of the Base Currency for settlement on the EM Number of Settlement Days. 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Strike Date, 
Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if such day is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as 
applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 1(b) (Consequences of a Disruption Event), or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and,

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 - 
in the event of an Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Note Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day 
determined in accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions 
of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Subject Currency" means the currency(ies) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
(together, "Subject Currencies"). 
"Subject Currency Jurisdiction" means each country for which the relevant Subject Currency is the 
lawful currency. 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means a day that is not a Scheduled Trading Day and the market was not aware 
of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available information) 
until a time later than 9:00 a.m. local time in the principal financial centre of the Subject Currency two 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to the relevant scheduled Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day. 
"Valid Date" means, in respect of an Observation Date or Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Observation Date or Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, respectively, does 
not occur. 
"Valuation Date" means any Coupon Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the case 
may be, specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
(a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the 
relevant Subject Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which 
case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 1(b) shall apply, or (b) where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject 
Currency in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for 
such Subject Currency and, in the event of an Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, the resultant day determined in accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) day is a Disrupted Day, in 
which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
"Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the time at 
which the Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated. 
"Weighting" means, in relation to a Subject Currency, the percentage specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms.

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 - 
ANNEX 3 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
If specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to payouts 
shall comprise the Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for payouts set out below (the "Payout 
Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and subject to completion in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or any other Annex and (ii) the Payout Conditions, 
the Payout Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or any other 
Annex and/or the Payout Conditions and (ii) the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Applicable Transaction Terms 
shall prevail. 
1. 
Reference Item Linked Notes 
(a) 
Use of Payout Conditions 
These Payout Conditions set out the methodology for determining various payouts and product features 
in respect of the Notes. The applicable text shown in Payout Conditions 2, 3 and 4 below will be 
extracted, included and completed at the paragraph indicated in the Applicable Transaction Terms on the 
basis that (i) applicable text (including, where appropriate, section headings and terms defined in Payout 
Condition 4 which are required to be completed) from the relevant Payout Condition will be set out at 
the paragraph indicated in the Applicable Transaction Terms and (ii) inapplicable text (and any terms 
defined in Payout Condition 4 which are not required to be completed) need not be included. For the 
avoidance of doubt, a Rate of Interest or a Final Payout may equal the sum of two or more payouts. 
(b) 
Use of Terms 
Terms in these Payout Conditions or in the Applicable Transaction Terms may be attributed a numerical 
or letter suffix value when included in the Applicable Transaction Terms. Without limitation, the suffix 
can be denoted as "j", "k", "m", "q", "n", "t", "i", "A", "B", "C" or "1", "2", "3" etc. and the term may be 
completed on the basis of the number or numbers represented by "j", "k", "m", "q", "n", "t", "i", "A", 
"B", "C" or "1", "2", "3" etc. as chosen at the time of an issue of Notes. Moreover suffixes may be placed 
in series as necessary, such as "A(1)", "B(1)", "C(1)" etc. When applicable and in order to improve the 
reading and intelligibility of the formula(e) in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the applicable suffixes 
may be included, completed and the relation between the term and the suffix will be explained and may 
be presented as a table, if necessary, in the Applicable Transaction Terms. A term in Payout Condition 4 
may be included in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms section more than once if there is more 
than one number represented by the term "n", "t" or "i". Conjunctions (e.g. or, and, but) and punctuation 
may also be included where appropriate. Suffixes may denote that a relevant term relates to an asset, item 
or date associated with that suffix. 
The constituent parts of any formula(e) or term(s) used in these Payout Conditions and that are to be 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms may be replaced in the Applicable Transaction Terms by 
the prescribed amount, level, or percentage or other value or term (the "Variable Data"). If a Variable 
Data has a value of either zero or one, or is not applicable in respect of the relevant formula(e), then the 
related formula(e) may be simplified, for the purpose of improving the reading and intelligibility in the 
formula(e) in Applicable Transaction Terms, by deleting such Variable Data. 
(c) 
Note types 
The Applicable Transaction Terms will specify the Interest Basis applicable in respect of a Note. Such 
Notes are, where the Interest Basis is: Equity Linked, an "Equity Linked Interest Note"; Reference 
Item Rate Linked, a "Reference Item Rate Linked Interest Note or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked, a "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Interest Note"; (each, a "Reference Item Linked 
Interest Note"). The Notes can also bear no interest in which case the Notes may be Zero Coupon Notes, 
if so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
The Applicable Transaction Terms will specify the Redemption/Payment Basis applicable in respect of 
a Note. Such Notes are, where the Redemption/Payment Basis is: Equity Linked, an "Equity Linked 
Redemption Note"; Reference Item Rate Linked, a "Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption Note";  
or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked, a "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Redemption Note"; 
(each, a "Reference Item Linked Redemption Note").

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 - 
2. 
Interest Rates Payout Formula(e) and Final Payouts for Reference Item Linked Notes 
2.1 
Interest Rate Payout Formula(e) 
For insertion and completion into Paragraph 18(vi) (Rate of Interest) in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms. Note: where a Rate of Interest is a fixed or floating rate, paragraph 19 or 20 as applicable, in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms should be completed. 
(i) 
"Rate of Interest (i)" 
Rate(i) 
(ii) 
"Rate of Interest (ii)" - "Index Coupon" 
(A) If it is reference to the positive performance of the reference item: 
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor Percentage; (
(𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)))  
(B) If it is reference to the negative performance of the reference item:  
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 ; (
(𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)))
𝑂𝑅 
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 ; (
(𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)))  
 
(C) If it is reference to the positive performance of the Basket:  
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor Percentage ; ( 𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔1
∗  
(𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1 −𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1
+ 𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔2
∗  
(𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2 −𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2
+ [… ] + 𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑛
∗
(𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑛−𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑛)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑛
)))  
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor Percentage ; ( 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−1)))  
(D) If it is reference to the negative performance of the Basket: 
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor Percentage; ( 1 −𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔1 ∗
  
(𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1−𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1)
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1
+ 𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔2 ∗  
(𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2−𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2)
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2
+ [… ] +
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑛∗
(𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑛−𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑛)
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑛
))) OR

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 - 
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor Percentage; ( 1 −𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔1
∗  
(𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1 −𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1
+ 𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔2
∗  
(𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2 −𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙  𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2
+ [… ] + 𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑛
∗
(𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑛−𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑛)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑛
)))  
 
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor Percentage; ( 1 −𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 )))  
(E) If it is reference to the positive performance of the worst-performing reference item of a 
basket of reference items: 
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor Percentage; (
(𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)))  
 
(G) If it is reference to the negative performance of the worst performing reference item of a 
basket of reference items 
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor Percentage; (
(𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒− 𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
))) OR 
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 
∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor Percentage; (
(𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒− 𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)))  
 
(H) If it is reference to the positive performance of the best-performing reference item of a 
basket of reference items: 
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor Percentage; (
(𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)))  
 
(I) If is reference to the negative performance of the best-performing reference item of a number 
of reference items: 
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor Percentage; (
(𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒− 𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
))) OR

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 - 
(𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 
∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor Percentage; (
(𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒− 𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
)))  
 
 
(iii) 
"Rate of Interest (iii)" - "Digital Coupon" 
(A) 
If the Coupon Barrier Condition [1] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date [(n)]][ST Coupon Valuation Period [(n)]]: 
[Constant Percentage[1]]  
(B) 
Otherwise:  
[Constant Percentage [2]]  
(iv) 
"Rate of Interest (iv)" - "Digital Memory Coupon"  
(A) 
If the Barrier Count Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date 
[(n)]][ST Coupon Valuation Period [(n)]]: 
 
 
where (n) is equal to to number of [ST Coupon Valuation Dates][ST Coupon Valuation 
Periods] occurred since the Issue Date 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
Constant Percentge [2].  
(v) 
"Rate of Interest (v)" - "Digital Memory Coupon without Coupons paid" 
(A) 
If the Barrier Count Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date 
[(n)]][ST Coupon Valuation Period [(n)]]: 
where (n) is equal to to number of [ST Coupon Valuation Dates][ST Coupon Valuation 
Periods]occurred since the Issue Date 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
Constant Percentge [2]. 
(vi) 
"Rate of Interest (vi)" - "Performance Coupon"  
(A)  
If the Barrier Count Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date 
[(n)]][ST Coupon Valuation Period [(n)]]: 
(a) 
If it is reference to one reference item: 
 
 
Constant Percentage [1] * (n) 
Constant Percentage [1] * (n) – Aggregate Previously Paid Coupons 
  [Max (Floor Percentage; 
(𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
]

--- Page 138 ---
- 138 - 
(b) 
If it is reference to a basket of reference items: 
(c) 
If it is reference to the worst-performing reference item of a basket of 
reference items: 
 
 
(d) 
If it is reference to the best-performing reference item of a basket of reference 
items: 
 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
Constant Percentage [1]. 
(vii) 
"Rate of Interest (vii)” - "Capped Performance Coupon"  
(A) 
If the Barrier Count Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date 
[(n)]][ST Coupon Valuation Period [(n)]]: 
(a) 
If it is reference to one reference item: 
(b) 
If it is reference to the worst-performing reference item of a basket of 
reference items: 
(c) 
If it is reference to a basket of reference items: 
(d) 
If it is reference to the best-performing reference item of a basket of reference 
items: 
 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
Constant Percentage [1]. 
(viii) 
"Rate of Interest (viii)" - "Absolute Performance Coupon"  
(A) 
If the Barrier Count Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date 
[(n)]][ST Coupon Valuation Period [(n)]]: 
(a) 
If it is reference to one reference item: 
  Max (Floor Percentage;  Min [Cap Percentage; 
(𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
 ] 
  (𝑎𝑏𝑠 (𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
) 
  Max (Floor Percentage;  Min [Cap Percentage; 
(𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
 ] 
  Max (Floor Percentage;  Min [Cap Percentage; 
(𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
 ] 
  [Max (Floor Percentage ; 
(𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
] 
  [Max (Floor Percentage ; 
(𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
] 
  [Max (Floor Percentage ; 
(𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
] 
  Max (Floor Percentage;  Min [Cap Percentage; 
(𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
 ]

--- Page 139 ---
- 139 - 
(b) 
If it is reference to the worst-performing reference item of a basket of 
reference items: 
(c) 
If it is reference to a basket of reference items 
(d) 
If it is reference to the best-performing reference item of a basket of reference 
items: 
 
 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
Constant Percentage [1]. 
(ix)  
"Rate of Interest (ix)" - "Capped Absolute Performance Coupon"  
(A) 
If the Barrier Count Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date 
[(n)]][ST Coupon Valuation Period [(n)]]: 
(a) 
If it is reference to one reference item 
 
(b) 
If it is reference to the worst-performing underlying of a basket of reference 
items: 
(c) 
If it is reference to a basket of reference items: 
(d) 
If it is reference to the best-performing reference item of a basket of reference 
items: 
 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
Constant Percentage [1]. 
 (ix)  
"Rate of Interest (ix)” - “Guaranteed Coupon” 
Coupon Value (i) 
2.2 
 
(x)  
Final Payouts Formula(e) 
For completion and insertion into Paragraph 28 (Final Payout) of the applicable Final Terms or 
Paragraph 30 (Final Payout) (or other relevant paragraph) of the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
 Max (Floor Percentage; Min [Cap Percentage; 𝑎𝑏𝑠 (𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
 
  (𝑎𝑏𝑠 (𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
) 
  (𝑎𝑏𝑠 (𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
) 
 Max (Floor Percentage;  Min [Cap Percentage; 𝑎𝑏𝑠 (𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
 
 Max (Floor Percentage;  Min [Cap Percentage; 𝑎𝑏𝑠 (𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
 
  (𝑎𝑏𝑠 (𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼𝐵𝑂𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
) 
 Max (Floor Percentage;  Min [Cap Percentage; 𝑎𝑏𝑠 (𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒−𝑅𝐼𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒

--- Page 140 ---
- 140 - 
(i) 
"Redemption (i)"  
(A) 
If Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise if Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST 
Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
(a) 
If it is reference to one reference item 
( 𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒) 
(b) 
If it is reference to the worst-performing reference item of a number of 
reference items 
( 𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒) 
(c) 
If it is reference to basket of reference items 
( 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒) 
(d) 
If it is reference to the best-performing reference item of a number of 
reference items 
 ( 𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒) 
 
(e) 
If it is reference to a number of reference items 
(Max (Floor Percentage; 1
k
∗(𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 1
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1 + 𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 2
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2 + [… ]
+ 𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑛
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑛
))) 
 
 
 
(ii) 
"Redemption (ii)"  
(A) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 1]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise, if a Knock-in Event has occurred and if the Final Redemption Condition is 
satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation 
Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 2];  
(C) 
Otherwise, if a Knock-in Event has occurred and if Final Redemption Condition is not 
satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation 
Period]:

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 - 
(a) 
If it is reference to one reference item 
( 𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)  
(b) 
If it is reference to the worst-performing reference item of a number of 
reference items 
 ( 𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒) 
(c) 
If it is reference to a basket of reference items 
( 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒) 
(d) 
If it is reference to the best-performing reference item of a number of 
reference items 
 ( 𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒) 
(e) 
If it is reference to a number of reference items 
(Max (Floor Percentage;
1
k ∗(
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 1
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1 + 
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 2
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2 + [… ] +
𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑛
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑛))) 
(iii) 
"Redemption (iii)"  
(A) 
If Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
100% 
(B) 
Otherwise if Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST 
Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
(a) 
If it is reference to one reference item: 
( 𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒)  
 
(b) 
If it is reference to the worst-performing reference item of a number of 
reference items: 
 
( 𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒) 
 
(c) 
If it is reference to a basket of reference items: 
( 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒) 
 
(d) 
If it is reference to the best-perfoming reference item of a number of reference 
items: 
 ( 𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒) 
(e) 
If it is reference to a basket of reference items:

--- Page 142 ---
- 142 - 
(Max (Floor Percentage; 1
k
∗(𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 1
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1 + 𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 2
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2 + [… ]
+ 𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑛
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑛
))) 
(f) 
If it is reference to one reference item: 
Max (Floor Percentage; (𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒∗ 
1
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒) 
 
(g) 
If it is reference to the worst-performing reference item of a number of 
reference items: 
 
Max (Floor Percentage; (𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒∗ 
1
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒) 
 
(h) 
If it is reference to a basket of reference items: 
 
Max (FloorPercentage; (𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒∗ 
1
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒) 
 
(i) 
If it is reference to the best-performing reference item of a number of 
reference items: 
Max (Floor Percentage; (𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝐼 𝐵𝑂 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒∗ 
1
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒) 
(j) 
If it is reference to a number of reference items: 
Max (Floor Percentage; ((𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 1
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1 + 𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 2
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2 + [… ]
+ 𝑅𝐼 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑛
𝑅𝐼 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑛
) ∗ 
1
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒)) 
 
 
 
3. 
Automatic Early Redemption Amounts 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then: 
The following formula shall be inserted and completed in Automatic Early Redemption Payout under 
Paragraph 29(iv) of the applicable Final Terms (Automatic Early Redemption Payout) or Paragraph 
31(iv) (Automatic Early Redemption Payout) (or other relevant Paragraph) of the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
 
4. 
Definitions 
4.1 
General Definitions 
"AER Additional Rate" means, in respect of a [ST ER Valuation Date] [or] [ST ER Valuation Period], 
the AER Rate.

--- Page 143 ---
- 143 - 
"AER Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"AER Rate" means [specify rate]. 
"AER Reference Item Rate" means [specify floating rate]. 
"AER Value" means [specify value from Payout Condition 4.2]. 
"Aggregate Previously Paid Coupons" means the aggregate of all coupon payments made in respect 
of a Note since the Issue Date, measured in per cent. of the Calculation Amount and determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Basket" means: (a) if the relevant Reference Items are Share Indices, the Share Index Basket (as defined 
in the Equity Linked Conditions) as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; and (b) if the relevant 
Reference Items are Shares, the Share Basket (as defined in the Equity Linked Conditions) as specified 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in each case subject to Weightings if specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
"Cap" means [specify amount or number]. 
"Cap (i)" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date or ST Coupon Valuation Period, [specify 
amount or number]. 
"Cap Percentage[1][2][3][4]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Constant Percentage[1][2][3][4]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Coupon Barrier[1][2][3][4][5]" means [specify amount, percentage or number]. 
"Coupon Barrier Value" means, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date] [ST Coupon Valuation 
Period], [and in respect of [each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined 
term from Payout Condition 4.2].  
"Coupon Value[(i)]" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date or ST Coupon Valuation Period, 
[specify defined term from Payout Condition 4.2].  
"Current Coupon Rate" means the Rate of Interest which would have applied to the Current Interest 
Period had an Automatic Early Redemption Event not occurred. 
"Current Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction which would have applied to the Current 
Interest Period or the Final Interest Period, as applicable had an Automatic Early Redemption Event not 
occured. 
"Current Interest Period" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
Interest Period during which such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date falls. 
"Final AER Interest Rate" means [insert one of the following:] [specify] [zero] 
[If capped and guaranteed:]  
[If not capped or guaranteed:] [the Current Coupon Rate multiplied by the Current Day Count Fraction.] 
[If capped only:] [Min [Current Coupon Rate * Current Day Count Fraction.] 
[If guaranteed only:] [Max [Current Coupon Rate * Current Day Count Fraction.] 
"Final Coupon Rate" means [specify defined term from Payout Condition 4.2]. 
"Final Interest Rate" means [insert one of the following][specify][zero] 
[If capped and guaranteed:] [the AER Percentage] less Paid Coupon Percentage.] 
[If not capped or guaranteed:] [the Final Coupon Rate multiplied by the Current Day Count Fraction.]

--- Page 144 ---
- 144 - 
[If capped only:] [Min [Final Coupon Rate * Current Day Count Fraction; [AER Percentage] less Paid 
Coupon Percentage].] 
[If guaranteed only:] [Max [Final Coupon Rate * Current Day Count Fraction; [AER Percentage] less 
Paid Coupon Percentage].] 
"Final Redemption Condition Level [1][2][3][4]" means [specify amount or percentage or number]. 
"Final Redemption Value" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period][specify 
defined term from Payout Condition 4.2]. 
"Floor Percentage [1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Forward" means FR Value – Strike Percentage. 
"FR Additional Rate" means [FR Rate][FR MT up Rate][FR Rate DCF][FR Rate MT]. 
"FR Cap Percentage" means [specify percentage].  
"FR Condition Level" means [specify percentage, amount or number]. 
"FR Constant Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Floor Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Leverage" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR MT up Rate" means:  
(a) 
[insert if cap is applicable][Min [Max [FR Floor Percentage; FR Leverage * (FR Value – FR 
Strike Percentage) + FR Spread]; FR Cap Percentage] + FR Constant Percentage].] 
(b) 
[insert if cap is not applicable] [Max [FR Floor Percentage; FR Leverage * (FR Value – FR 
Strike Percentage) + FR Spread + FR Constant Percentage].] 
"FR Rate" means [specify rate]. 
"FR Rate DCF" means a percentage calculated as the product of the FR Rate and the applicable Day 
Count Fraction. 
"FR Rate MT" means the product of (a) [specify rate] and (b) the number of [Interest Periods][ST 
Valuation Dates] from and including the Issue Date to [and including][but excluding] the [Interest Period 
in which the relevant ST Valuation Date falls][date of the relevant ST Valuation Date]. 
"FR Spread" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Strike Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Value" means, in respect of a [ST FR Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Date] [ST FR Valuation 
Period], [specify defined term from Payout Condition 4.2]. 
"FX" is the relevant RI FX Level(i) on the relevant ST Valuation Date or if that is not a Business Day 
the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, [insert, or describe dates, 
including any Business Day adjustment]. 
"K" means [specify number], being the total number of Reference Items in the Basket. 
"Knock-in Value" in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] [and in respect of [each][of] 
Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])] , [specify defined term from Payout Condition 4.2].

--- Page 145 ---
- 145 - 
"Knock-out Value" in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] [and in respect of 
[each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])] , [specify defined term from Payout 
Condition 4.2]. 
"Leverage" means [specify amount or percentage]. 
"Leverage [(i)]" means, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date] [or] [ST Coupon Valuation Period], 
[specify amount or percentage for each ST Coupon Valuation Date or ST Coupon Valuation Period].  
"M" means a series of ST Valuation Dates or ST Valuation Periods. 
"Max" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of the amounts 
separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Min" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the lesser of the amounts 
separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Min Coupon" means [specify percentage].  
"n" means in respect of "Rate of Interest []”, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the number 
calculated as: the number of ST Coupon Valuation Dates (in the period from the Issue Date to and 
including such ST Coupon Valuation Date) on which the Barrier Count Condition is satisfied.  
"N" means in respect of "Rate of Interest [] " and in respect of "Rate of Interest (xvii) – Podium", 
[specify number] being the maximum number of times that the Barrier Count Condition may be satisfied 
from [and including] the Issue Date to [but excluding] the Maturity Date. 
"Option" means [Forward].  
"Paid Coupon Percentage" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period as the product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) the 
Day Count Fraction, for each Interest Period preceding the Current Interest Period (in the case of an 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date). 
"Participation (i)" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date or ST Coupon Valuation Period, 
[specify amount or number]. 
"Previous Interest" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the Rate of Interest determined 
on the ST Coupon Valuation Date immediately preceding such ST Coupon Valuation Date or, in respect 
of the first ST Coupon Valuation Date, zero. 
"Rate[(i)] [A][B][C]" means, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period], 
[specify fixed rate][specify floating rate determined on the basis set out in item 20 of the Applicable 
Transaction Terms][[+/-][specify margin]%]. 
"Rate(n)" (from n=1 to n=N) means on any ST Coupon Valuation Date, the rate specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms and associated with the number of times that Barrier Count Condition is 
satisfied on the relevant ST Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Reference Item [1][2]….[N] or RI [1][2]….[N]" means the asset or reference basis specified as such 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Reference Item Rate [1][2]" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, a ST Coupon Valuation Date 
or a ST Coupon Valuation Period, the relevant Rate of Interest determined pursuant to Condition 4(b). 
For this purpose, references in Condition 4(b) to the applicable Rate of Interest being determined for 
each Interest Period shall be construed to be to such Rate of Interest being determined for the applicable 
ST Valuation Date, ST Coupon Valuation Date or, as the case may be, ST Coupon Valuation Period. The 
publication requirements set out in Condition 4(b)(xi) shall not apply where the Rate of Interest is a 
Reference Item Rate only.

--- Page 146 ---
- 146 - 
"Reference Spread [1][2]" means Reference Item Rate [1][2] minus Reference Item Rate [1][2].[NB 
Complete Reference Item Rates 1 and 2 to reflect ISDA Determination for relevant CMS rates. Repeat 
for further Reference Spread(s) as necessary]  
"RI Weighting [1][2]….[N]" means, in respect of a Reference Item contained in the Basket, the relevant 
weighting specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"T" means: [specify number], being the total number of ST Coupon Valuation Dates from and including 
the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Total M" means: [specify number], being the total number of [ST Valuation Dates][ST Valuation 
Periods] for the Notes. 
"Weighting" means [specify in relation to each Reference Item comprising the Basket]. 
4.2 
Value Definitions 
"Basket Closing Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the Basket Value on such ST 
Valuation Date which will be based on the RI Closing Values of each Reference Item. 
"Basket Initial Value" means [100% or 1][specifiy amount or percentage]. 
"Basket Performance [A][B]" means in respect of a ST Valuation Date and in respect of Reference 
Item(s) [from (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], (a) the Basket Value [A][B] in respect of such ST 
Valuation Date minus (b) [100%][Strike Percentage]. 
"Basket Value [A][B]" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date and in respect of Reference Item(s) 
[from (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], the sum of the values calculated for each Reference Item in the 
Basket calculated as the product of (a) the ratio of (aa) the RI Value for such Reference Item in respect 
of such ST Valuation Date divided by (bb) the RI Initial Value for such Reference Item, multiplied by 
(b) the relevant Weighting of such Reference Item. 
"Best-Performing Reference Item" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][ST FR Valuation Date], the Reference Item in respect of which the 
ratio of (i) the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of such [ST Valuation Date][ST 
Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] [ST FR Valuation Date] divided by (ii) the 
relevant RI Initial Value results in the highest or equal highest value. 
"Best Value" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon 
Valuation Period], the RI Value for [the Best-Performing Reference Item][the Reference Item(s) with 
the highest or equal highest RI Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST 
Valuation Date]. 
"Calculated Coupon Percentage" means, in respect of any ST Coupon Valuation Date, the sum of the 
values calculated for each prior ST Coupon Valuation Date (if any) as the Rate of Interest, where 
applicable multiplied by the Day Count Fraction.  
"FX Closing Level" means the RI FX Level for a Reference Item on the Strike Date. 
"FX Forward Rate" means, in relation to any day, the forward rate in relation to a non-deliverable 
forward rate transaction for the exchange of [the Specified Currency][the SER Base Currency] into [the 
SER Base Currency][the Specified Currency] for settlement on [insert date] [by reference to [insert 
page/source] (or any successor [page][source] thereto], all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"FX Maximum Level" means the greatest RI FX Level for a Reference Item on any Strike Day in the 
Strike Period. 
"FX Minimum Level" means the lowest RI FX Level for a Reference Item on any Strike Day in the 
Strike Period.

--- Page 147 ---
- 147 - 
"FX Reference Amount" means [insert amount in SER Base Currency corresponding to one Note of the 
Calculation Amount] converted into the Specified Currency at the Settlement Exchange Rate in respect 
of the SER Valuation Date. 
"FX Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and any day either: (i) the RI FX Level for such day 
divided by the RI FX Strike Level; or (ii) the RI FX Strike Level divided by the RI FX Level for such 
day, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Initial Closing Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Valuation Date, the RI Closing 
Value of a Reference Item on the [Valuation Date][which is the [insert relevant date][insert relevant 
date]. 
"Lowest Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Basket 
Value [A][B] on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
“Knock-in Value” means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] [and in respect of 
[each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from Payout 
Condition 4.2].  
“Knock-out Value” means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] [and in respect of 
[each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from Payout 
Condition 4.2]. 
"Lowest RI Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal 
lowest RI Value for such Reference Item for all the ST Valuation Dates in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Worst 
Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"M" means [insert value]. 
"RI Closing Value [[1][2][3][…][n]]" means, in respect of a Reference Item [[1][2][3][…][n]] and a ST 
Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Share Index, the Settlement Level (as defined in the Equity 
Linked Conditions); 
(b) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Share, the Settlement Price (as defined in the Equity Linked 
Conditions); 
(c) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Subject Currency, the Settlement Price (as defined in the 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Conditions);  
(d) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a rate of interest, the Reference Item Rate, and  
(e) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Reference Spread, the Reference Spread, 
in each case in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"RI BO Closing Value" means the RI Closing Value of the Best-Performing Reference Item. 
"RI BO Initial Value" means the Initial Closing Price of the Best-Performing Reference Item. 
"RI WO Closing Value" means the RI Closing Value of the Worst-Performing Reference Item. 
"RI FX Level" means, for the purpose of converting an amount in respect of a Reference Item into the 
Specified Currency on [specify date(s)] [insert relevant rate and, if applicable, observation time][(or any 
successor to such page or service) or if it is not reasonably practicable to determine the RI FX Level from 
such source, the RI FX Level will be determined by the Calculation Agent as the rate it determines would 
have prevailed but for such impracticability by reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate the 
rate at which the Calculation Agent determines the relevant Reference Item amount could be converted 
into the Specified Currency (expressed as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate) at or about the 
time and by reference to such source(s) as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate.

--- Page 148 ---
- 148 - 
"RI FX Rate" means (i) the RI FX Level, (ii) the FX Value or (iii) the number, as specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"RI FX Strike Level" means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify rate][FX Closing Level][FX 
Maximum Level][FX Minimum Level]. 
"RI Initial Value [[1][2][3][…][n]]" means, in respect of a Reference Item [[1][2][3][…][n]], [specify 
price] [Initial Closing Price]. 
"RI Value [[1][2][3][…][n]]" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a [ST Valuation Date][ST FR 
Valuation Date], [(l)][(a)] (i) the [RI Closing Value] for such Reference Item in respect of such [ST 
Valuation Date][ST FR Valuation Date], divided by (ii) the relevant RI Initial Value [(expressed as a 
percentage)][multiplied by (b) the FX Value] [minus (2) [100%][Strike Percentage]]. 
"RI WO Initial Value" means the Initial Closing Price of the Worst-Performing Reference Item. 
"Worst Value" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon 
Valuation Period], the RI Value for [the Worst-Performing Reference Item][the Reference Item(s) with 
the lowest or equal lowest RI Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST Valuation 
Date]. 
"Worst-Performing Reference Item" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][ST FR Valuation Date], the Reference Item in respect of which the 
ratio of (i) the [RI Closing Value] for such Reference Item in respect of such [ST Valuation Date][ST 
Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] [ST FR Valuation Date] divided by (ii) the 
relevant RI Initial Value results in the lowest or equal lowest value. 
4.3 
Dates and Periods 
Payments of interest and principal on the Notes may be associated with ST Valuation Dates and/or ST 
Valuation Periods, as the case may be, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, several set of dates may be used for the determination and calculation of a particular 
payout. 
"Final Interest Payment Date" means the Maturity Date. 
"Final ST Coupon Valuation Date" means the last ST Coupon Valuation Date. 
"ST Coupon Valuation Date(s)" means each [Coupon Valuation Date][Strike Date][Interest 
Determination 
Date][Interest 
Payment 
Date][Determination 
Date][Knock-in 
Determination 
Day][Knock-out Determination Day][Settlement Level Date][Settlement Price Date][Valuation 
Date][Range Accrual Day][ST Valuation Date] [and] [Range Period End Date]. 
"ST Coupon Valuation Period" means [the period from and including [specify] to and including 
[specify]][each][the][Interest Period][Range Period]. 
"ST ER Valuation Date" means each [Settlement Level Date][Settlement Price Date][Determination 
Date][Calculation Date][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date][Knock-in Determination 
Day][Knock-out Determination Day]. 
"ST ER Valuation Period" means the period from and including [specify] to and including [specify]. 
"ST FR Valuation Date" means each [Settlement Level Date][Settlement Price Date][Determination 
Date][Calculation Date][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date][Valuation Date][Knock-in 
Determination Day][Knock-out Determination Day][Coupon Valuation Date][Redemption Valuation 
Date]. 
"ST FR Valuation Period" means the period from and including [specify] to and including [specify]. 
"ST Redemption Valuation Date" means each  [Settlement Level Date][Settlement Price 
Date][Determination Date][Calculation Date][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date][Valuation 
Date].[Knock-in Determination Day][Knock-out Determination Day].

--- Page 149 ---
- 149 - 
"ST Redemption Valuation Period" means the period from and including [specify] to and including 
[specify]. 
"ST Valuation Date" means [each][the] [Coupon Valuation Date][Strike Date][Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST ER Valuation Date][ST FR Valuation Date][ST Redemption 
Valuation 
Date][Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day][Knock-out Determination Day][Range Accrual Day]. 
"ST Valuation Period" means each [ST Coupon Valuation Period][ST ER Valuation Period][ST FR 
Valuation Period][ST Redemption Valuation Period][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period][Knock-in Determination Period][Knock-out Determination Period]. 
4.4 
Conditional Conditions 
If one or more conditions defined below are applicable for the determination and calculation of a payout 
formula(e), the definition shall be inserted, completed and adjusted in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
in order to take into account any value definitions in Payout Condition 4.2, relevant Date(s) and or 
Periods, and/or other Variable Data. 
"Barrier Count Condition" shall be satisfied if, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the Coupon 
Barrier Value on such ST Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier. 
"Coupon Barrier Condition [1][2][3][4]" is satisfied, in respect of [a ST Valuation Date][a ST Coupon 
Valuation Date][a ST Valuation Period], if the Coupon Barrier Value in respect of such [ST Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent, is 
[greater than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier [1][2][3][4] [[but 
is][or is][greater than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] [the] Coupon Barrier 
[1][2][3][4]]. 
"Digital Coupon Condition 1" means: 
(a) 
in respect of Reference Item 1, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 1 for the 
relevant [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] is [(i)] [greater than][less 
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the Coupon Barrier 1 [and (ii) [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier 2][insert (ii) 
if a Coupon Barrier 2 is specified][; and  
(b) 
in respect of Reference Item 2, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 2 for the 
relevant [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] is [(i)] [greater than][less 
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier 1 [and (ii) [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the Coupon Barrier 2][insert (ii) 
if a Coupon Barrier 2 is specified]][insert (b) if Reference Item 2 is specified]. 
"Digital Coupon Condition 2" means: 
(a) 
in respect of Reference Item 1, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 1 for the 
relevant [ST Coupon Valuation Date] [ST Coupon Valuation Period] is [(i)] [greater than][less 
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier 3 [and (ii) [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier 4][insert (ii) 
if a Coupon Barrier 4 is specified][; and 
(b) 
in respect of Reference Item 2, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 2 for the 
relevant [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] is [(i)] [greater than][less 
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier 3 [and (ii) [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the Coupon Barrier 4][insert (ii) 
if a Coupon Barrier 4 is specified]][insert (b) if Reference Item 2 is specified]. 
"Final Redemption Condition" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], that 
the Final Redemption Value in respect of [such ST Valuation Date][ such ST Valuation Period], as 
determined by the Calculation Agent is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or 
equal to] the Final Redemption Condition Level.

--- Page 150 ---
- 150 - 
"Final Redemption Condition 1" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], that 
the Final Redemption Value [on such ST Valuation Dates] [in respect of such ST Valuation Period], as 
determined by the Calculation Agent is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or 
equal to] the Final Redemption Condition Level 1. 
"Final Redemption Condition 2" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ ST Valuation Period] 
that the Final Redemption Value on such [ST Valuation Date] [in respect of such ST Valuation Period], 
as determined by the Calculation Agent is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or 
equal to] Final Redemption Condition Level [1][, but is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater 
than][less than or equal to] the Final Redemption Condition Level 2.] 
4.5 
Enumeration Convention 
Without prejudice to any other provision of these Payout Conditions and as a general rule the following 
suffixes in relation to the payout terms will be used. Other suffix terms may be selected and may be 
included in the Applicable Transaction Terms with other definitions or provisions from the Payout 
Conditions: 
"i" [from i = [specify] to i = [specify]] or "m" [from m = [specify] to m = [specify]] in relation to the 
relevant ST Valuation Date or ST Valuation Period. 
"j" [from j = [specify] to j = [specify]] means the relevant Strike Date. 
"k" [from k = [specify] to k = [specify]] means the relevant Reference Item. 
"q" [from q = [specify] to q = [specify]] or "t" [from t = [specify] to t = [specify]] means the relevant 
Observation Date or ST Valuation Date. 
Any of these suffixes will be inserted, completed and explained, if necessary, in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms and may be tabulated, especially where two or more suffixes apply. 
[each date specified as such below [set out relevant table]: 
k 
ST Valuation Date 
 
[specify] 
[insert date] 
 
[Repeat as necessary in each 
row] 
[Repeat as necessary in each 
row.] 
 
 
5. 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions  
If Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions and Settlement Currency Payment are both specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, then notwithstanding the Notes are denominated in, and 
calculations made in respect of, the Specified Currency (the "SER Subject Currency"), all payments 
shall be made in the Settlement Currency (the "Settlement Currency" or the "SER Base Currency"). 
The Calculation Agent will determine the amount to be paid in the SER Base Currency by applying the 
Settlement Exchange Rate to the amount that would have been payable in the SER Subject Currency 
were it not for the provisions of this Payout Condition 5. 
Any such payment shall be made on the date such payment would have otherwise been due provided 
that, if limb (b) of the definition of "Settlement Exchange Rate" below applies, such payment may be 
deferred in accordance with Payout Condition 5.1(e) below if the SER Valuation Date is postponed as 
set out herein. No additional interest or other amount shall be payable in respect of any such delay. 
If Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
but Settlement Currency Payment is specified as not applicable then instead of the above procedures the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Settlement Exchange Rate to be used in the determination of the

--- Page 151 ---
- 151 - 
Final Payout. The Maturity Date may also be deferred in accordance with Payout Condition 5.1(e) below 
if the SER Valuation Date is postponed as set out herein. No additional interest or other amount will be 
payable in respect of any such delay. 
5.1 
SER Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Payout Condition 5.1 apply where Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are 
specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms and limb (b) of the definition of "Settlement 
Exchange Rate" below applies. 
(a) 
SER Disruption Events 
If so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the occurrence of any of the following events, in 
respect of any SER Base Currency and/or SER Subject Currency, shall be a "SER Disruption Event": 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) 
General Inconvertibility; 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) 
Material Change in Circumstance; 
(vii) 
Nationalisation;  
(viii) 
Price Materiality; and/or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i) to (viii) above 
(inclusive). 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices) of the occurrence of a SER Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence 
of the SER Disrupted Day, would have been a SER Valuation Date. 
(b) 
Consequences of a SER Disruption Event 
Upon a SER Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any SER Valuation Date (or, if different, the 
day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the relevant SER Price 
Source) as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply in determining the 
consequences of the SER Disruption Event: (a) Calculation Agent Determination where the applicable 
SER Disruption Event is other than Price Source Disruption or Price Materiality; and (b) the applicable 
SER Disruption Fallback where the applicable SER Disruption Event is a Price Source Disruption or 
Price Materiality.  
(c) 
SER Unscheduled Holiday 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a date that would otherwise have been a SER Valuation Date is 
a SER Unscheduled Holiday in respect of the SER Subject Currency, then such date shall be the 
immediately succeeding SER Scheduled Trading Day after the occurrence of the SER Unscheduled 
Holiday, subject as provided above, and provided that if such SER Valuation Date has not occurred on 
or before the SER Maximum Days of Postponement then the next SER Scheduled Trading Day after 
such period that would have been a SER Scheduled Trading Day but for the SER Unscheduled Holiday 
shall be deemed to be the relevant date for valuation and the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on such day (i) in its sole discretion acting in good faith having 
taken into account relevant market practice and by reference to such additional source(s) as it deems 
appropriate, (ii) according to the determinations made by the calculation agent to any Hedging 
Transactions, or (iii) by using the arithmetic mean of the applicable prices or middle market quotations 
provided to it by two or more financial institutions engaged in the trading of the relevant underlying.

--- Page 152 ---
- 152 - 
(d) 
SER Cumulative Events 
If "SER Cumulative Events" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of 
a SER Subject Currency then, in no event shall the total number of consecutive calendar days during 
which a SER Valuation Date is deferred due to either (i) a SER Unscheduled Holiday or (ii) a SER 
Valuation Postponement (or a combination of both (i) and (ii)) exceed the SER Maximum Cumulative 
Days of Postponement in the aggregate. If a SER Valuation Date is postponed by the number of calendar 
days equal to the SER Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement and at the end of such period (i) a 
SER Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be continuing on the day immediately following such 
period (the "Final Day"), then such Final Day shall be deemed to be the relevant SER Valuation Date 
and (ii) if a Price Source Disruption shall have occurred or be continuing on the Final Day, then Valuation 
Postponement shall not apply and the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be determined in accordance with 
the next applicable SER Disruption Fallback. 
(e) 
Postponement of payment or settlement days 
Where any SER Valuation Date is postponed as a consequence of the provisions of this Payout Condition 
5.1, then the corresponding date for payment or delivery of any assets shall fall on the later of (a) the 
date for such payment or delivery otherwise determined in accordance with the Applicable Transaction 
Terms and (b) the day falling the SER Number of Postponement Settlement Days specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms (or, if none are so specified, two Business Days) after the SER Valuation 
Date.  
5.2 
Consequences of a SER Additional Disruption Event 
Other than where limb (a) of the definition of "Settlement Exchange Rate" below applies, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that a SER Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). If the Notes 
are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him 
which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note, taking into account the SER Additional Disruption 
Event, less (except for Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or on EuroTLX) the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (i) in its sole and absolute own discretion, (ii) according to the determinations made 
by the calculation agent to any Hedging Transactions, or (iii) by using the arithmetic mean of the 
applicable prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions engaged 
in the trading of the relevant underlying. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
5.3 
Definitions 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion 
that it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes or it has become illegal to hold, acquire 
or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes. 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that any of the SER Base Currency and/or SER Subject Currency splits 
into dual or multiple currency exchange rates. 
"General Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to 
convert a SER Subject Currency into the SER Base Currency or vice versa in a SER Subject Currency 
Jurisdiction through customary legal channels. 
"General Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible 
to deliver (A) the SER Base Currency from accounts inside a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction to 
accounts outside a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction or (B) the SER Subject Currency between accounts 
inside a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of a SER Subject Currency 
Jurisdiction.

--- Page 153 ---
- 153 - 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental 
authority or (ii) any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets 
(including the central bank), in each case in any relevant jurisdiction. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, 
receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). Such event will not be 
applicable in the case of Notes admitted to trading on SeDeX Market or EuroTLX. 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the SER Base Currency 
and/or SER Subject Currency whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent to obtain a firm 
quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the Calculation Agent to hedge its obligations 
under the Notes (in one or more transaction(s)) on the relevant SER Valuation Date (or, if different, the 
day on which rates for such SER Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or 
announced by the relevant SER Price Source). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, 
without limitation, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due 
to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed 
an Increased Cost of Hedging. Such event will not be applicable in the case of Notes admitted to trading 
on SeDeX Market or EuroTLX. 
"Material Change in Circumstance" means the occurrence of any event (other than those events 
specified as SER Disruption Events) in the SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction beyond the control of the 
parties to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Notes which makes it impossible (A) for a party to 
fulfil its obligations under the hedging arrangement or (B) generally to fulfil obligations similar to such 
party's obligations under that hedging arrangement. 
"Nationalisation" means any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by 
any Governmental Authority which deprives a party to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Notes of 
all or substantially all of its assets in the SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Price Materiality" means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the SER Primary Rate 
differs from any SER Secondary Rate by at least the SER Price Materiality Percentage or if there are 
insufficient responses on the relevant SER Valuation Date to any survey used to calculate any such rate, 
then the SER Price Materiality Percentage will be deemed to be met.  
"Price Source Disruption" means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which the 
Settlement Exchange Rate is calculated. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the relevant page specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or any successor to such page or service acceptable to the Calculation Agent, including within the Price 
Source if applicable. 
"Settlement Currency" or "SER Base Currency" means the currency specified as such in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Settlement Exchange Rate" means (a) the rate specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or (b) if no such rate is specified and, subject as referred to in Payout Condition 5.1(b) above, (x) where 
Settlement Currency Payment is applicable, the rate of exchange appearing on the SER Price Source at 
the SER Valuation Time on the relevant SER Valuation Date for the exchange of the SER Subject 
Currency per one unit of the SER Base Currency or (y) where Settlement Currency Payment is not 
applicable, the SER Base Currency into the Specified Curency, in each case for settlement on the SER 
Number of Settlement Days.

--- Page 154 ---
- 154 - 
"SER Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or Increased 
Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"SER Disrupted Day" means any SER Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that a SER Disruption Event has occurred. 
"SER Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for 
determining the Settlement Exchange Rate when a SER Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that 
is a SER Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary 
course, be published or announced by the SER Price Source) being, in respect of a SER Subject Currency, 
any of Calculation Agent Determination, First Fallback Reference Price, Second Fallback Reference 
Price and Valuation Postponement, as so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms for such SER 
Subject Currency. Where more than one SER Disruption Fallback is so specified then such SER 
Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in the order in which they are specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms until the Settlement Exchange Rate can be determined for such exchange rate relating to that SER 
Subject Currency for such SER Valuation Date.  
Where: 
"Calculation Agent Determination" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Exchange Rate taking into consideration all information that it deems relevant. 
"First Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Exchange Rate by reference to the applicable First Fallback Reference Price and, for 
which purpose, references in the definition of Settlement Exchange Rate to "SER Price Source", 
"SER Valuation Time" and "SER Number of Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, 
to be to "SER First Fallback Price Source", "SER First Fallback Valuation Time" and "SER 
First Fallback Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such terms shall have the 
meanings given to them in the Applicable Transaction Terms). 
"Second Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Exchange Rate by reference to the applicable Second Fallback Reference Price and, 
for which purpose, references in the definition of Settlement Exchange Rate to "SER Price 
Source", "SER Valuation Time" and "SER Number of Settlement Days" shall be construed, 
respectively, to be to "SER Second Fallback Price Source", "SER Second Fallback Valuation 
Time" and "SER Second Fallback Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such terms 
shall have the meanings given to them in the Applicable Transaction Terms). 
"Valuation Postponement" means that the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be determined on 
the immediately succeeding SER Scheduled Trading Day which is not a SER Disrupted Day 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that no such SER Scheduled Trading Day which is not 
a SER Disrupted Day has occurred on or before the day falling the SER Maximum Days of 
Postponement following the originally designated SER Valuation Date, as the case may be. In 
such event, the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be determined on the next SER Scheduled 
Trading Day after the SER Maximum Days of Postponement (notwithstanding the fact that day 
may be a SER Disrupted Day) in accordance with the next applicable SER Disruption Fallback. 
"SER Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days. 
"SER Maximum Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days.  
"SER Number of Settlement Days" means, in respect of a SER Subject Currency, the number of days 
on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a SER Disruption Event would have 
been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice 
of the foreign exchange market) in the or each SER Settlement Day Centre specified as such in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms (each, a "SER Settlement Day"). Where no such number or zero is so 
specified, then such rate shall be for settlement on the same day.   
"SER Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or, if no such percentage is specified, 3%.

--- Page 155 ---
- 155 - 
"SER Price Source" means the price source(s) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
(or any successor to such price source(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent).  
"SER Primary Rate" means the rate specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"SER Scheduled Trading Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the 
occurrence of a SER Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the or each SER 
Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms provided that where 
the SER Subject Currency is BRL, then notwithstanding the foregoing, if the relevant SER Valuation 
Date falls on a date that, as the Trade Date, is not a scheduled day on which commercial banks are open 
(or, but for the occurrence of a SER Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in 
New York City (an "NYC Business Day"), then no adjustment to such date shall be made on account of 
the fact that such date is not an NYC Business Day. 
"SER Secondary Rate" means the rate specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"SER Subject Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction" means each country for which the SER Subject Currency is the 
lawful currency. 
"SER Unscheduled Holiday" means a day that is not a SER Scheduled Trading Day and the market was 
not aware of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available 
information) until a time later than 9:00 a.m. local time in the principal financial centre of the SER 
Subject Currency two SER Scheduled Trading Days prior to the relevant scheduled SER Valuation Date. 
"SER Valuation Date" means any date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if such 
day is not a SER Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding SER Scheduled Trading Day and, 
in the event of a SER Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Payout Condition 5.1(c) 
above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day is a SER Disrupted Day, in which 
case the provisions of Payout Condition 5.1(b) shall apply. Where the amount so due is the Early 
Redemption Amount, then the SER Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the fifth SER Scheduled 
Trading Day prior to the date of early redemption of the Notes. 
"SER Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the time 
at which the SER Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Exchange 
Rate is calculated. 
6. 
FX Factor  
Where the Applicable Transaction Terms specifies that a FX Factor applies to an amount payable under 
the Notes, such amount will include an adjustment by reference to the relevant FX Factor, and all relevant 
amounts will be as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For these purposes: 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" has the meaning given in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Note Condition 5 above.  
"Coupon Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"FX Factor" means the FX Factor Final Level divided by the FX Factor Initial Level or, if so specified 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the FX Factor Initial Level divided by the FX Factor Final Level. 
"FX Factor Final Level" means [the FX Factor Final Reference Level in respect of the [FX Factor Final 
Valuation Date] [the Settlement Price for Reference Item [(k)] in respect of][[the [relevant] Coupon 
Valuation Date][the Redemption Valuation Date][the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date][the 
relevant Observation Date]].

--- Page 156 ---
- 156 - 
"FX Factor Final Reference Level" means, in respect of any day, the rate for conversion of [the 
Specified Currency into the FX Value Reference Currency] [the FX Value Reference Currency into the 
Specified Currency] on such day expressed as the amount of the [Specified Currency/FX Value 
Reference Currency] which may be purchased with one unit of the [Specified Currency/FX Value 
Reference Currency] at or about [] [a.m./p.m.] ([] time) by reference to [such source(s) as the 
Calculation Agent deems appropriate] [[specify page and service] (or any successor to such page or 
service)] [or if it is not reasonably practicable to determine the FX Factor Final Reference Level from 
such source, the FX Factor Final Reference Level will be determined by the Calculation Agent as the 
rate it determines would have prevailed but for such impracticability by reference to such source(s) as it 
deems appropriate for the relevant conversion at or about the time on the relevant day and by reference 
to such source(s) which in each case the Calculation Agent deems appropriate][ , all subject to the 
provisions of the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes, for which purpose the FX Factor Final 
Reference Level will be deemed to be a Settlement Price]. 
"FX Factor Final Valuation Date" means [insert day which may be a specified day or may be a type of 
date from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions] [or if such day is not a [Business 
Day/insert another type of day from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions] the 
immediately [preceding/following] day which is a [Business Day/insert another type of day from the 
Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions]]. 
"FX Factor Initial Reference Level" means, in respect of any day, the rate for conversion of [the 
Specified Currency into the FX Value Reference Currency] [the FX Value Reference Currency into the 
Specified Currency] on such day expressed as the amount of the [Specified Currency/FX Value 
Reference Currency] which may be purchased with one unit of the [Specified Currency/FX Value 
Reference Currency] at or about [] [a.m./p.m.] ([] time) by reference to [to such source(s) as the 
Calculation Agent deems appropriate] [[specify page and service] (or any successor to such page or 
service)] [or if it is not reasonably practicable to determine the FX Factor Initial Reference Level from 
such source, the FX Factor Initial Reference Level will be determined by the Calculation Agent as the 
rate it determines would have prevailed but for such impracticability by reference to such source(s) as it 
deems appropriate for the relevant conversion at or about the time on the relevant day and by reference 
to such source(s) which in each case the Calculation Agent deems appropriate][ , all subject to the 
provisions of the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes, for which purpose the FX Factor Initial 
Reference Level will be deemed to be a Settlement Price]. 
"FX Factor Initial Level" means [the FX Factor Initial Reference Level in respect of the FX Factor 
Initial Valuation Date] [the Settlement Price for Reference Item [(k)] in respect of the Strike Date]. 
"FX Factor Initial Valuation Date" means [insert day which may be a specified day or may be a type 
of date from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions] [or if such day is not a [Business 
Day/insert another type of day from the Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions] the 
immediately [preceding/following] day which is a [Business Day/insert another type of day from the 
Payout Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions]]. 
"FX Value Reference Currency" means [specify currency]. 
"Observation Date" has the meaning given in the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions. 
"Redemption Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Redemption Valuation Date in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
"Settlement Price" has the meaning given in the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms.

--- Page 157 ---
- 157 - 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be completed to reflect the particular terms of the 
relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final 
Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers or sales of 
the Notes, or the Notes otherwise being made available, in [specify jurisdiction(s) for which a PRIIPs KID is being 
prepared] [during the period[s] [         ]-[         ] [repeat periods as necessary],] [T]/[t]he Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers or sales of 
the Notes, or the Notes otherwise being made available, in the United Kingdom ("UK"), during the period[s] [ ]-
[ ] [repeat periods as necessary],] [T]/[t]he Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the [United Kingdom 
("UK")][UK]. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently[, 
save as provided above], no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]/[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional 
clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; (ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]

--- Page 158 ---
- 158 - 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]/[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, 
professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); 
EITHER1 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR2 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following channels for distribution of the 
Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales 
][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable]3.]] 
         Final Terms dated [ ] 
Bankinter International Notes S.àr.l. 
société à responsabilité limitée 
Registered office: 46A avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
R.C.S. Luxembourg: B262854 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 529900QGCKTS5X3AG225 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed by 
BANKINTER, S.A. 
under the 
EUR 4,000,000,000 Structured Notes Programme 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so[: 
                                                     
 
1 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) 
2 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if 
advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes 
constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness. 
3 If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary

--- Page 159 ---
- 159 - 
(i) 
in those Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 10 of Part B below, provided such 
person is a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as such term is defined in the Base Prospectus (as defined 
below) and that the offer is made during the Offer Period specified in that paragraph and that any 
conditions relevant to the use of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or 
(ii) 
otherwise]4, in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any 
other circumstances. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 18 February 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus 
in order to obtain all the relevant information. Prospective investors should note that investing in the Notes entails 
certain risks including (without limitation) the risk that the Issue Price may be greater than the market value of 
the Notes [and the risk that the Calculation Agent may exercise its discretion in such a way as to affect amounts 
due and payable under the Notes and/or their Maturity Date]. For a more detailed description of certain of the 
risks involved, see "Risk Factors" on pages 13 to 40 of the Base Prospectus. 
[A summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. (Delete in the case of an issue of Notes with minimum 
denomination equal to or greater than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency)] The Base Prospectus 
[has][together with these Final Terms have] been published on the website[s] of The Irish Stock Exchange plc 
trading as Euronext Dublin (www.live.euronext.com) in an agreed electronic format.  
 [The Base Prospectuses [and the supplemental Base Prospectuses] are available for viewing at 
(https://live.euronext.com/) [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from 
[address]].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to Base Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Bankinter International Notes S.àr.l. 
 
Guarantor: 
Bankinter, S.A. 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
 
Applicable Annex(es): 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Annex 1: Equity Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 2: Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Conditions]  
 
[Annex 3: Payout Conditions [for the purposes of Payout 
Condition 5 only]] 
                                                     
 
4  
Include this wording where a Non-Exempt Offer of Notes is anticipated.

--- Page 160 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
 
Type of securities: 
[Notes] 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] [Specify if Settlement Exchange Rate and 
Settlement Payment both apply: (the "SER Subject 
Currency") 
for 
the 
purpose 
of 
the 
Specified 
Denomination 
and 
calculations 
and 
[    ] 
(the 
"Settlement Currency") for the purpose of payments] 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount of Notes: 
 
 
[Series:] 
[         ] 
 
[Tranche:] 
[         ]] 
 
Issue Price: 
[         ]% of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date](in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)] [converted into the Settlement 
Currency at the Initial Settlement Exchange Rate, being 
[specify amount] in respect of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount and "Initial SER" means [specify]] 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
 
[Note - where multiple denominations are being used, the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
[EUR 100,000] and integral multiples of [EUR 1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [EUR 199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [EUR 199,000].] 
 
 
 
Calculation Amount: 
[the Specified Denomination][Insert in the case of 
Instalment Notes: (the "Original Calculation Amount") 
minus, for the purposes of any calculation by reference 
to the Calculation Amount on any day, the sum of the 
Instalment Amounts paid prior to the relevant day [save 
for the purposes of calculation of any [Interest 
Amount][Final Redemption Amount][Early Redemption 
Amount][Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount] 
[[payable][deliverable] on [specify]] for which purposes 
the Original Calculation Amount will continue to 
apply]]. 
 
[If there are several Specified Denominations, insert the 
highest 
common 
factor 
of 
those 
Specified 
Denominations. (Note: There must be a common factor 
of two or more Specified Denominations).] 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[         ] 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Insert relevant date/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
[An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant for 
certain Notes, for example, Zero Coupon Notes] 
 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date (including any relevant Business Day 
Convention) or (for Floating Rate Notes, Equity Linked 
Notes, or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the

--- Page 161 ---
- 161 - 
relevant month and year][or such later date for 
redemption determined as provided in the [ [Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rates Linked Conditions][or, in all 
circumstances if applicable, such later date for payment 
determined as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Payout Condition 5.] 
 
[If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the Issue 
Date the Notes must comply with the Central Bank's 
notice of exemptions granted under section 8(2) of the 
Central Bank Act, 1971 as amended (BSD C01/02) and, 
inter alia, have a minimum Specified Denomination of 
Euro 125,000. In addition such Notes must bear the 
following legend: 
 
"An investment in the Notes does not have the status of a 
bank deposit and does not have the protection of the 
deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank 
of Ireland. The Issuer is not regulated by the Central 
Bank of Ireland by virtue of the issue of the Notes."] 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ]% 
Fixed 
Rate][in 
relation 
to 
the 
[first[(n=1)]][,][and][second[(n=2)]][,][and][third[(n=3)
]][] (insert further number of interest payment dates, as 
applicable) Interest Payment Date] 
 
[[Specify reference rate]+/- [         ]% Floating Rate] 
 
[Equity Linked] [in relation to each Interest Payment 
Date after the [[first][second][third][] (insert further 
number of interest payment dates, as applicable)] 
Interest Payment Date[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)] [] (insert 
further 
number 
of 
interest 
payment 
dates, 
as 
applicable)]]: please see the section headed "Provisions 
Applicable to Equity Linked Notes" below for more 
details] 
 
[Reference Item Rate Linked [in relation to each Interest 
Payment Date after the [[first][second][third][] (insert 
further number of interest payment dates, as applicable)] 
Interest Payment Date[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)] [] (insert 
further 
number 
of 
interest 
payment 
dates, 
as 
applicable)]]: please see "Provisions Applicable to 
Reference Item Rate Linked Notes" below for more 
details] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked [in relation to each 
Interest Payment Date after the [[first][second][third] 
[] (insert further number of interest payment dates, as 
applicable)] 
Interest 
Payment 
Date[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)] [] (insert further number of 
interest payment dates, as applicable)]]: please see 
"Provisions Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Notes" below for more details]] 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by reference 
to the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon]

--- Page 162 ---
- 162 - 
 
[and each Interest Amount will be multiplied by the FX 
Factor as provided below] 
 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
items 
18 
and 
[19/20/21//22//23/24/25/26/29/30/31] below) 
 
[The Notes do not bear or pay any interest] 
 
Redemption/Payment basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
[See item 27 below] 
 
[Dual Currency] 
 
[Instalment] 
 
[Equity Linked: please see the section headed 
"Provisions Applicable to Equity Linked Notes" below 
for more details] 
 
[Reference Item Rate Linked: please see "Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes" below 
for more details] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked: please see 
Provisions Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Notes below for more details] 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by reference 
to the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate] 
 
[provided that each redemption amount will be 
multiplied by the relevant FX Factor as provided below] 
 
Reference Item(s): 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply [for [Interest][and][Automatic 
Early Redemption][and][Redemption] determination 
purposes:][Not Applicable] 
 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see paragraph 
[specify])]  
 
(Repeat if necessary) 
 
[and] 
 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 
[specify] to [k] = [specify])] will apply [for [Redemption] 
determination purposes]: 
 
[For 
[k]=[specify]][specify][insert 
description][(see 
paragraph [specify])]  
 
(Repeat if necessary) 
 
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
On [the/each] [[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][]] 
(insert further number of interest payment dates, as 
applicable) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][(n=)] (insert or delete numbers 
of interest payment dates, as applicable)], both the 
Interest Amount calculated in accordance with paragraph

--- Page 163 ---
- 163 - 
[18]/[19][20] below and the Fixed Coupon Amount 
calculated in accordance with paragraph [18]/[19][20] 
shall become payable.  
[And/or specify the date when any change to the Interest 
Basis or Redemption/Payment Basis occurs with 
reference to paragraphs 19 and 20 below] 
 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable [and Settlement Currency 
Payment [applies/does not apply]]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Settlement Exchange Rate: 
[Specify rate] [As per Payout Condition 5] 
 
(if a rate is specified then delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph). 
 
SER Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] [or, if applicable,] [[specify] SER Scheduled 
Trading Days prior to the [scheduled] [specify each 
payment date]] 
 
(where different SER Valuation Dates apply to different 
payment dates, specify in respect of each applicable 
payment date) 
 
Provisions 
applicable 
to 
determining 
the 
Settlement 
Exchange Rate: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Exchange 
Rate in Payout Condition 5:  
 
[SER Base Currency: [specify]] 
 
SER Price Source: [specify] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: [specify] 
 
SER Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
SER Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction: 
[specify] 
 
SER Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
[Price Materiality, where: 
 
SER Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3]%  
 
SER Primary Rate: [specify][The rate determined as set 
out in the definition of Settlement Exchange Rate]

--- Page 164 ---
- 164 - 
 
SER Secondary Rate: [specify][SER First Fallback 
Reference Price [and]][SER Second Fallback Reference 
Price]] 
 
SER Disruption Fallbacks (for 
Price Source Disruption and 
Price Materiality only): 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
SER First Fallback Price Source: [specify] 
 
SER First Fallback Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
SER First Fallback Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
SER Second Fallback Price Source: [specify] 
 
SER Second Fallback Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
SER Second Fallback Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
 
[Valuation Postponement] 
 
SER Number of Postponement Settlement 
Days: [[Two][specify]] [Business Days][SER 
Settlement Days] [specify] 
 
SER Maximum Days of Postponement: 
[specify] 
 
(specify fallbacks required and arrange order in which 
to be applied) 
 
SER Cumulative Events: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable and SER Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
 
SER Number of Settlement 
Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where SER Settlement Day 
Centre(s) means [specify]] 
 
SER 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) [Change in 
Law] [Hedging Disruption] [Increased Cost of Hedging] 
(Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging 
should not be specified for Notes admitted to trading on 
SeDeX Market or EuroTLX) 
 
[Trade Date means [specify]] 
 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior]  
 
Status of the Guarantee: 
[Senior Preferred] 
 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance 
of 
Notes 
[and 
Guarantee] 
[respectively] 
obtained: 
[         ] [and [         ], respectively]

--- Page 165 ---
- 165 - 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of the 
Notes or related Guarantee) 
 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not 
Applicable][Applicable: Knock-in 
Value is 
[(i)][greater than][greater than or equal to][less than][less 
than or equal to] the Knock-in[Level][Price][within the 
Knock-in Range] (Only applicable if a payment to be 
made in respect of the Notes is subject to a condition 
precedent that a Knock-in Event has occurred. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(Insert for Reference Item Linked Notes) 
 
Knock-in Value:  
[insert definition from Payout Condition 4.2] 
 
Knock-in Level/Knock-in Price: 
[specify value or percentage] 
 
Knock-in Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of 
values, percentages, level, or prices etc] to and 
[including][excluding] 
[specify 
range 
of 
values, 
percentages, level, or prices etc] [Not Applicable]  
 
Knock-in Determination Day(s): 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in 
Determination Period][Not Applicable]  
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, [Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
Knock-in Determination Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Applicable][specify][Not Applicable]  
 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in Period Ending Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a 
Knock-in Determination Day][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable: The Knock-out Value is 
[(i)][greater than][greater than or equal to][less than][less 
than or equal to] the Knock-out [Level][Price] [within 
the Knock-out Range] 
 
(Only applicable if a payment to be made in respect of 
the Notes is subject to a condition precedent that a 
Knock-out Event has occurred. If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(Insert for Reference Item Linked Notes) 
 
Knock-out Value: 
[insert definition from Payout Condition 4.2]

--- Page 166 ---
- 166 - 
 
Knock-out 
Level/Knock-out 
Price: 
[specify value or percentage] 
 
Knock-out Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of 
values, percentages, level, or prices etc] to and 
[including][excluding] 
[specify 
range 
of 
values, 
percentages, level, or prices etc] [Not Applicable]  
 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[[From and including][From and excluding][To and 
including][To but excluding][specify]] 
 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-out 
Determination Period][Not Applicable] 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, [Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Beginning 
Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Beginning 
Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Ending Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a 
Knock-out Determination Day][Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[If applicable specify: provided that each Interest 
Amount determined in accordance with the Conditions 
(prior to any rounding) will be multiplied by the relevant 
FX Factor and the resulting amount then rounded as 
provided in the Conditions, where: 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 and 
other relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions 
completed on the basis provided in the Payout 
Conditions]]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] [in each year] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]]/[not adjusted] [or 
such later date for payment determined as provided in the 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out in 
Condition 5 of the Payout Conditions]] 
 
Margin(s): 
[+ [specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable]

--- Page 167 ---
- 167 - 
 
(If a Margin applies for each Interest Period, the Margin 
shall be specified separately for each Interest Period) 
 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable] 
 
(If a Minimum Interest Rate applies for each Interest 
Period, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be specified 
separately for each Interest Period) 
 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable] 
 
(If a Maximum Interest Rate applies for each Interest 
Period, the Maximum Interest Rate shall be specified 
separately for each Interest Period.) 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual(ISDA)]/[Actual
/365(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360 
or 
Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360(ISDA)] [Not Applicable] 
 
Rate of Interest: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the/each] 
[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][] (insert further 
number of interest payment dates, as applicable) Interest 
Payment Date [[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=] (insert or 
delete numbers of interest payment dates, as applicable)] 
[(from [specify] to [specify])][ falling [on [or 
about]][during the period from and including] [specify] 
[to and including [specify]] only]][Not Applicable]]the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent 
[in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[following] 
[formula(e)][below]][as the sum of the following [items 
[specify] to [specify] (each inclusive) below][which shall 
be applied to [the difference between (x) the Original 
Calculation Amount minus (y) the Instalment Amount 
(irrespective of whether the Instalment Amount has been 
paid or not)][insert other basis to which the Rate of 
Interest might be applied]]][Insert letters or numbering 
here and next to each payout if this adds clarity (eg (a), 
(b). . .)]:]    
[In respect of [the/each] Interest Payment Date from, and 
including, the [first][,][and][second][,][and][third][] 
(insert further number of interest payment dates, as 
applicable) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=] (insert or delete numbers of 
interest payment dates, as applicable)] the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined by the Calculation Agent [in 
accordance with the [following formula(e)]][as the sum 
of the following [items [specify] to [specify] (each 
inclusive) below][which shall be applied to the 
[Calculation Amount][insert other basis to which the 
Rate of Interest might be applied]]][Insert letters or 
numbering here and next to each payout if this adds 
clarity (eg (a), (b). . .)]:] 
 
[Fixed Rate] 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
(The above formulation may be repeated as necessary) 
 
(In respect of the following, insert formula, relevant 
value(s) and other related definitions from Payout

--- Page 168 ---
- 168 - 
Condition 2 and relevant definitions from Payout 
Condition 4) 
 
[Rate of Interest (i)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (ii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (iii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (iv)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (v)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (vi)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (vii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (viii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (ix)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (x)] 
 
(If the Rate of Interest is calculated by reference to 
Reference Items, Valuation Dates, Observation Dates 
etc. or is otherwise calculated differently in respect of 
each Interest Payment Date, above options may be 
repeated and numerical suffixes may be used to clarify 
which Reference Item, Rate of Interest, Valuation Date, 
Observation Date etc. applies in respect of the 
corresponding Interest Payment Date) 
 
Calculation of Interest Amounts 
as fixed amounts 
[Calculation of Interest Amounts as a fixed amounts: 
Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If more than one fixed rate is to be determined repeat 
items (i) to (iii) of this paragraph for each such rate and, 
if Digital Coupon One Condition or Digital Coupon Two 
Conditions apply distinguish between the Rate which is 
Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B and the Rate which is 
Rate C if applicable) 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[         ]% 
[per 
annum] 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
[on the [Instalment Amount][insert other basis to which 
the Rate of Interest might be applied] on the [the/each] 
[[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][] (insert further 
number of interest payment dates, as applicable)] 
Interest Payment Date [(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=] 
(insert or delete numbers of interest payment dates, as 
applicable)]. 
[[         ]% [on the [Instalment Amount][insert other 
basis to which the Rate of Interest might be applied] 
from, 
and 
including, 
the 
[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][] (insert further 
number of interest payment dates, as applicable) Interest 
Payment Date [[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=] (insert or 
delete 
numbers 
of 
interest 
payment 
dates, 
as 
applicable)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
[[         ] per [Calculation Amount][Instalment Amount]  
[on 
the 
[the/each]

--- Page 169 ---
- 169 - 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions): 
[[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][]] (insert further 
number of interest payment dates, as applicable) Interest 
Payment Date [[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=] (insert or 
delete numbers of interest payment dates, as applicable)] 
[Not Applicable] 
[[         ] per [Calculation Amount][Instalment Amount] 
from, 
and 
including, 
the 
[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][] (insert further 
number of interest payment dates, as applicable) Interest 
Payment Date [[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=] (insert or 
delete 
numbers 
of 
interest 
payment 
dates, 
as 
applicable)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation 
to Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Floating Rate Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for purposes only of 
determining the "Rate" element of the Rate of Interest 
specified in item [18(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest 
(viii) - Range Accrual" applies under item 18(vi))] 
 
(If more than one floating rate is to be determined, repeat 
items (i) to (xiii) as applicable for each such rate and, if 
Digital Coupon One Condition or Digital Coupon two 
Conditions apply distinguish between the Rate which is 
Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B and the Rate which is 
Rate C if applicable) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Specified Period: 
[         ] 
 
(Specified Period and specified Interest Payment Dates 
are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than 
specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be relevant if 
the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention. 
Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable") 
 
[First Interest Payment Date:] 
[         ] 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention][Not 
Applicable] (Business Day Convention only needs to be 
specified here if Specified Periods are specified) 
 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent]

--- Page 170 ---
- 170 - 
 
Margin Plus Rate: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
Specified Percentage Multiplied 
by Rate:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
Difference in Rates: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
Screen Rate Determination of 
Rate[1]: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Reference Rate: 
[[          ] month] 
[EURIBOR Compounded Daily SONIA / Compounded 
Daily SOFR / Compounded Daily €STR][specify] [Insert 
in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA except where 
Index Determintion applies: For this purpose Relevant 
Screen Page means [specify]] 
 
Observation Method 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index 
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded Daily 
€STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable) 
 
Observation 
Look-
Back Period: 
[Not Applicable]/ [] [London Banking Days] / [U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days][TARGET2 
Business Days] 
(Specify for Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded 
Daily SOFR, except where Index Determination is 
applicable, or for Compounded Daily €STR. Otherwise 
specify Not Applicable. N.B. must be at least two such 
relevant days to allow clearing system payments) 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Include if applicable for Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR) 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for EURIBOR: Second TARGET2 System 
Business Day prior to the start of each Interest Period]  
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA–non Index 
Determination: Second London Banking Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and Relevant Number means [insert 
number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR–non Index 
Determination: Second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number of

--- Page 171 ---
- 171 - 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date and Relevant Number 
means [insert number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily €STR: Second TARGET2 
System Business Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][Reuters EURIBOR 01] 
 
Relevant Time: 
[specify][ 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time] 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone means the region 
comprised of the countries whose lawful currency is the 
euro)][specify] 
 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Reference 
Rate: 
[specify][None] 
 
ISDA Determination of Rate[1]: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[         ] 
 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Reference 
Rate: 
[specify][None] 
 
Screen Rate Determination of 
Rate 2: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(in relation to Difference in 
Rates) 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[[          ] month] 
[EURIBOR Compounded Daily SONIA / Compounded 
Daily SOFR / Compounded Daily €STR][specify] [Insert 
in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA except where 
Index Determintion applies: For this purpose Relevant 
Screen Page means [specify]] 
 
Observation Method 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index 
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded Daily 
€STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable) 
 
Observation 
Look-
Back Period: 
[Not Applicable]/ [] [London Banking Days] / [U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days][TARGET2 
Business Days]

--- Page 172 ---
- 172 - 
(Specify for Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded 
Daily SOFR, except where Index Determination is 
applicable, or for Compounded Daily €STR. Otherwise 
specify Not Applicable. N.B. must be at least two such 
relevant days to allow clearing system payments) 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Include if applicable for Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR) 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for EURIBOR: Second TARGET2 System 
Business Day prior to the start of each Interest Period]  
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA–non Index 
Determination: Second London Banking Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and Relevant Number means [insert 
number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR–non Index 
Determination: Second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date and Relevant Number 
means [insert number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily €STR: Second TARGET2 
System Business Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][Reuters EURIBOR 01] 
 
Relevant Time: 
[11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time] [specify] 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone means the region 
comprised of the countries whose lawful currency is the 
euro][specify] 
 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Reference 
Rate: 
[specify][None] 
 
ISDA Determination of Rate 2: 
 
(in relation to Difference in 
Rates) 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[         ]

--- Page 173 ---
- 173 - 
 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Reference 
Rate: 
[specify][None] 
 
Specified Percentage: 
[[         ]%] [Not Applicable] 
 
Equity Linked Note interest provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to "Provisions Applicable to 
Equity Linked Notes" below, for more information] [Not 
Applicable] [Delete as applicable] 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
interest provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the sections "Provisions 
Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes" below for more information] [Not Applicable] 
[Delete as applicable] 
 
Reference Item Rate Linked Note interest 
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section "Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes" below, 
for more information][Not Applicable] [Delete as 
applicable] 
 
Zero Coupon Note provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ]% per annum 
 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
the Amortised Face Amount: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable][provided 
the 
Issuer may only exercise the Call Option if the 
Optional Redemption Condition is satisifed] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[         ][or such later date for payment 
determined as provided in the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions set out in Payout 
Condition 
5][the 
[insert] 
Business 
Day 
following [the day on which notice of the Issuer 
exercising the Call Option is given to 
Noteholders] 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the 
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the 
relevant FX Factor [[and] with the resulting 
amount rounded [up/down] to the nearest 0.01 
in the Specified Currency (or to the nearest 
JPY1 in the case of JPY)], where: 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout 
Condition 4 and 6 and other relevant definitions 
from the Payout Conditions completed on the 
basis provided in the Payout Conditions

--- Page 174 ---
- 174 - 
including, if applicable, Optional Redemption 
Condition]) 
 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount][Final Payout 
as specified in paragraph 27 below] 
 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
Notice period: 
[         ][[] Business Days (the "Minimum 
Early Redemption Notice Period")  
 
Put Option: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[         ][or such later date for payment 
determined as provided in the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions set out in Payout 
Condition 5]) 
 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is 
other than a specified amount per Calculation 
Amount, the Notes will need to be Exempt 
Notes) 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the 
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the 
relevant FX Factor [[and] with the resulting 
amount rounded [up/down] to the nearest 0.01 
in the Specified Currency (or to the nearest 
JPY1 in the case of JPY)], where: 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout 
Condition 6 and other relevant definitions from 
the Payout Conditions completed on the basis 
provided in the Payout Conditions] 
 
Notice period: 
[         ][[] Business Days (the "Minimum 
Early Redemption Notice Period")  
 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[Calculation Amount * [specify]%] [Outstanding 
Principal Amount immediately prior to the Maturity 
Date] [Calculation Amount * Final Payout] [Final 
Payout] [, subject to [specify]]/See Equity Linked 
redemption provisions below/ See Reference Item Rate 
Linked Note redemption provisions below/See Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked redemption provisions 
below/] 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the resulting 
amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant FX Factor 
[[and] with the resulting amount rounded [up/down] to

--- Page 175 ---
- 175 - 
the nearest 0.01 in the Specified Currency (or to the 
nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], where: 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 and 
other relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions 
completed on the basis provided in the Payout 
Conditions] 
 
Final Payout: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(In respect of the following, insert formula from Payout 
Condition 2.2) 
 
[The sum of the following [items [specify] to [specify] 
(each inclusive) below]:] [Insert letters or numbering 
here and next to each payout if this adds clarity (eg (a), 
(b). . .)] 
 
 
[Redemption (i)] 
 
[Redemption (ii)] 
 
[Redemption (iii)] 
 
 
 
 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If applicable, specify one of the following) 
 
[ST Automatic Early Redemption] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] AER Value is: [greater 
than] [greater than or equal to][less than][less than or 
equal 
to] 
the 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
[Level][Price]] 
 
AER Value Automatic Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
AER Value:  
[insert relevant value definition and where applicable 
relevant definitions from Payout Condition 4.1 and 4.2] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout: 
The Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
 
(Insert relevant formula (and related definitions) from 
Payout Condition 3)   
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the resulting 
amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant FX Factor 
[[and] with the resulting amount rounded [up/down] to 
the nearest 0.01 in the Specified Currency (or to the 
nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 and 
other relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions 
completed on the basis provided in the Payout 
Conditions)

--- Page 176 ---
- 176 - 
 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Level/Price: 
[[specify] [%][of RI Initial Value][RI WO Initial Value][ 
Basket Initial Value][RI BO Initial Value]]][Not 
Applicable] 
 
[AER Percentage]: 
[specify] [%][Not Applicable] 
 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set 
out in Payout Condition 5]  
 
AER Additional Rate: 
[AER Rate][Not Applicable] 
 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] 
 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevant Valuation Date][during the Observation 
Period]][Not Applicable] 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons: 
[[         ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
(specify 
the 
amount)/Market 
Value 
less 
Associated 
Costs] 
[Amortised Face Amount] 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the resulting 
amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant FX Factor 
[[and] with the resulting amount rounded [up/down] to 
the nearest 0.01 in the Specified Currency (or to the 
nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 and 
other relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions 
completed on the basis provided in the Payout 
Conditions) 
Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on an event of default: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify the amount, 
which may, where appropriate, be an amount per 
Calculation Amount equal to the fair market value of 
each Note less applicable costs [including the cost, if 
any, for unwinding hedging arrangements]] 
 
[Amortised Face Amount] 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the resulting 
amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant FX Factor 
[[and] with the resulting amount rounded [up/down] to 
the nearest 0.01 in the Specified Currency (or to the 
nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 and 
other relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions 
completed on the basis provided in the Payout 
Conditions) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
per 
Calculation Amount payable following an 
early redemption in all other cases 
pursuant to the Conditions:  
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/Market Value less 
Associated Costs][Not Applicable][Amortised Face 
Amount] 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the resulting 
amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant FX Factor

--- Page 177 ---
- 177 - 
[[and] with the resulting amount rounded [up/down] to 
the nearest 0.01 in the Specified Currency (or to the 
nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 and 
other relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions 
completed on the basis provided in the Payout 
Conditions) 
Fair Market Value Interest Element: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (Specify as required in 
respect of each relevant early redemption. Note, this 
should be specified as Applicable where accrued interest 
will not always be known on an early redemption: for 
example when using SONIA, SOFR or €STR or for other 
Notes where interest is determined only shortly before an 
Interest Payment Date.) 
 
Equity 
Linked 
Note 
redemption 
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section headed 
"Provisions Applicable to Equity Linked Notes" below 
for more information][Not Applicable] [Delete as 
applicable] 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
redemption provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the sections "Provisions 
Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes" 
below 
for 
more 
information][Not 
Applicable][Delete as applicable] 
 
Reference Item Rate Linked Note 
redemption provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section "Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes" below, 
for more information][Not Applicable][Delete as 
applicable] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
Equity Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][for the purposes of 
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
18(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (viii) – Range 
Accrual" applies under item 18(vi)) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
The provisions of Annex 1 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Equity Linked 
Notes) shall apply 
 
Type of Notes: 
[Single Share Linked Notes][Single Share Index Linked 
Notes][Share Basket Linked Notes][Share Index Basket 
Linked Notes][Delete as applicable] 
 
Share(s)/Share 
Basket/Single 
Share Index/Share Index Basket: 
[specify (i) names of each issuer of the Share(s), (ii) class 
of each Share, (iii) ISIN or other security identification 
code for each Share/Share Index for Single Share Index 
Linked Notes or each of the Share Indices for Share 
Index Basket Linked Notes (specifying where applicable 
if any such index is a Dividend Index)] [Reference 
Item[s][k]]  
 
Share Index Sponsor(s): 
[Insert name(s) of Share Index Sponsor(s)/Share 
Dividend Index Sponsor(s)][Not Applicable]

--- Page 178 ---
- 178 - 
 
(in relation to Single Share Index Linked Notes and 
Share Index Basket Linked Notes only) 
 
Exchange(s): 
[specify][As per the Conditions] 
 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges] 
 
Exchange 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Modified 
Following Business Day Convention][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify Strike Period][Not Applicable][Specify the 
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
 
Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable]  
 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Not Applicable][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time 
[on the relevant Coupon Valuation Date][during the 
Observation Period]] [[specify], being the time specified 
on the relevant [Coupon Valuation Date] for the 
calculation of the [Interest Amount]]  
 
(If no time is specified, the Coupon Valuation Time will 
be the Scheduled Closing Time) 
 
Redemption Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Redemption Valuation Time: 
[Not Applicable][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time 
[on the relevant Redemption Valuation Date][during the 
Observation Period]] [[specify], being the time specified 
on the relevant [Redemption Valuation Date] for the 
calculation of the [Redemption Amount]] 
 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
[Valuation Date and] Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[The definition of "Valuation Date" in Condition 17 will 
apply, for which purpose the] [Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption will be equal to [specify]][As per the 
Conditions][Not Applicable] 
 
Exchange Rate: 
[specify] 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][for the purposes of 
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
18(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (viii) – Range 
Accrual" applies under item 18(vi)), 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 179 ---
- 179 - 
 
Base Currency: 
[specify][Not Applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: 
[insert]] 
 
Subject Currency/Currencies:  
[specify][Not Applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: 
[insert]] [and EM Foreign Exchange Rate Provisions 
apply to such Subject Currency] 
 
Additional Disruption Event: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) [Change in 
Law][Hedging Disruption][Increased Cost of Hedging] 
(Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging 
should not be specified for Notes admitted to trading on 
SeDeX Market or EuroTLX) 
 
[Trade Date means [specify]] 
 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify Strike Period][Not Applicable][Specify the 
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
 
Coupon Valuation Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions do not apply to a 
Settlement Currency: 
[Applicable [in respect of [specify Subject Currencies to 
which these provisions apply where there is a 
Basket]]][Not Applicable] 
 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Delayed 
Redemption 
on the Occurrence of a 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days of Disruption: 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: [specify][five]][Not Applicable] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
five) 
(d) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Note Condition 6] 
(f) 
Number 
of 
Postponement 
Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days] [specify] 
 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of [specify Subject Currencies to 
which these provisions apply where there is a 
Basket]]][Not Applicable]

--- Page 180 ---
- 180 - 
 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Provisions 
applicable 
to 
determining 
the 
Settlement Price: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Price in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 6 
[and [specify the relevant Subject Currency where more 
than one Subject Currency]: 
 
EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
 
EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
EM Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction: [specify] 
[Relevant Screen Page:] [specify] 
(b) 
EM Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
[Price Materiality, where: 
 
EM Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3]% 
 
EM 
Primary 
Rate: 
[specify][The 
rate 
determined as set out in the definition of 
Settlement Price] 
 
EM Secondary Rate: [specify][[EM First 
Fallback Reference Price [and]][EM Second 
Fallback Reference Price]] 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Events (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(c) 
EM 
Disruption 
Fallbacks: 
[EM Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
[EM First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
First Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
 
First Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
First Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
 
[EM Second Fallback Reference Price, where:

--- Page 181 ---
- 181 - 
 
Second Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
 
Second Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(d) 
EM Maximum Days of 
Postponement: 
[specify] 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(e) 
EM 
Cumulative 
Events: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable and EM Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(f) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where Settlement Day 
Centre(s) means [specify]] 
(g) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Postponement 
Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][EM Settlement Days] 
[specify] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO REFERENCE ITEM RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
Reference Item Rate Linked Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][for the purposes of 
[determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
18(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (viii) – Range 
Accrual" applies under item 18(vi))], [and][the 
Automatic Early Redemption provisions] 
 
[The [Floating][Fixed] Rate Note Provisions shall apply 
for the purposes of determining the Reference Item Rate 
on the basis of elections in this paragraph 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)  
 
(If more than one Reference Item Rate is to be 
determined, include the following language: "Reference 
Item Rate [specify] is as follows:" and repeat items (i) to 
(vi) below for each such Reference Item Rate) 
 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 182 ---
- 182 - 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Item Rate: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(e.g: Second Business Day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each Interest Period 
if EURIBOR. Where the Rate of Interest is being used 
other than for a Floating Rate Note, ensure that this is 
not specified in respect of an Interest Period and the 
relevant Range Accrual Day may be specified where 
relevant for Range Accrual Notes.) 
(c) 
Relevant Time: 
[specify] 
 
(for example 11.00 a.m., London time/Brussels time, in 
the case of a determination of EURIBOR) 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(e) 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[specify][For 
example, 
London/eurozone 
(where 
eurozone means the region comprised of the countries 
whose lawful currency is the euro)] 
 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
 
[Reference Spread: 
[Reference Item Rate [1][2] minus Reference Item Rate 
[1][2]][Not Applicable] 
 
[See paragraph [    ][above][below] 
 
(If a Reference Spread applies for each Interest Period, 
the Reference Spread shall be specified separately for 
each Interest Period)] 
 
Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[specify][See paragraph [specify][above][below][Not 
Applicable]  
 
Business Day: 
As used in this item and for the purpose of determining 
the Reference Item Rate only, "Business Day" means [a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in [specify] [A Target2 
Settlement Day][ [a "U.S. Government Securities

--- Page 183 ---
- 183 - 
Business Day", being any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the 
fixed income departments of its members be closed for 
the entire day for the purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
Form of Notes: 
 [Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
 [Global Note exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Global 
Note]] 
 
Additional Business Centres: 
[Not Applicable][Insert Additional Business Centre] 
 
Additional Financial Centre for Condition 
6(e): 
[Not Applicable][Insert Additional Financial Centre] 
(Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not Business Days) 
 
New Global Note Form: 
[Yes][No]  
 
Receipts to be attached to definitive 
Bearer Notes: 
[Yes/No. If yes, insert dates][Not Applicable] 
 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
amount of each instalment ("Instalment 
Amount"), date on which each payment 
is to be made ("Instalment Date"): 
[Not Applicable] ["Instalment Amount" means [insert 
amount] per Calculation Amount and "Instalment 
Date(s)" means [each of] [specify]. [For the avoidance of 
doubt, if any Instalment Date falls on or about the due 
date for the redemption of the Notes in full, the 
Instalment Amount will remain payable on the relevant 
Instalment Date.]] 
 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 12 
(Further Issues)] apply] 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[specify] [Bankinter, S.A.] 
 
Commissioner:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Modifications: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on [specify relevant 
market] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the EUR 4,000,000,000 Structured Notes Programme of 
Bankinter International Notes S.àr.l.] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant 
third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 184 ---
- 184 - 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
 
By:  
____________________________ 
By: 
____________________________ 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
 
 
By: 
____________________________ 
By: 
____________________________ 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 185 ---
- 185 - 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
LISTING 
 
Listing 
[The Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin ("Euronext Dublin")]  [Not Applicable] 
 
Admission to trading 
Application [has been/will be made] to [insert name 
of competent authority under Directive 2001/34/EC] 
for the Notes [insert relevant details] to be admitted to 
the Official List and [insert name of relevant entity for 
admission to trading if different from first-mentioned 
competent authority] for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [insert name of regulated market]. 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
[Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading 
[       ]] 
 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued have [not] been rated[: 
 
[          ] 
 
[          ] 
 
[          ] 
 
[Insert full name of legal entity that has given the 
rating] is established in the European Union and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority.] 
 
[Insert full name of legal entity that has given the 
rating] is established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended).] 
 
[Insert full name of legal entity that has given the 
rating] is a third country rating agency that is 
endorsed by an [EU registered] [European Union] 
registered] agency and [has/has not] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) but is certified in accordance with such 
regulation.] 
 
[Insert full name of legal entity that has given the 
rating] is not established in the European Union and 
has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 (as amended).] 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency

--- Page 186 ---
- 186 - 
established in the European Union and registered 
under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) ("CRA Regulation") unless the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency operating in the 
European Union before 7 June 2010 which has 
submitted 
an 
application 
for 
registration 
in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation and such 
registration is not refused. 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
A rating is not a recommendation by any rating 
organisation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be 
subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating organisation.] 
 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement:  
"Save as discussed in ["Plan of Distribution"] [and] "General Information", so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER[,] [AND] ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS [AND ESTIMATED 
TOTAL EXPENSES] 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus] 
[The net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes will 
be [used as described in "Use of Proceeds" in the Base 
Prospectus]]  
[] (Specify if reasons for offer is different from what 
is disclosed in the Base Prospectus) 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
 
(If the Notes are retail non-equity securities to which 
Annex 14 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
No 2019/980 applies and the proceeds are intended 
for more than one use will need to split out and 
present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to 
fund all proposed uses state amount and sources of 
other funding)

--- Page 187 ---
- 187 - 
 
[Estimated total expenses:] 
[         ] [NB: Delete unless the Notes are retail non-
equity securities to which Annex 14 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 applies] 
 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[         ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield] 
 
[Floating Rate Notes Only – PERFORMANCE OF RATES 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] rates can be obtained, [but not] free of 
charge, from [Reuters/Bloomberg/other electronic means of obtaining the details of performance]. 
[Include where the Notes reference SOFR: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, endorse or recommend any 
products or services offered by the Issuer.]] 
 
[Equity Linked Notes or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes – PERFORMANCE OF 
INDEX/FORMULA/ CURRENCY/REFERENCE ENTITY, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON 
VALUE 
OF 
INVESTMENT 
AND 
OTHER 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING 
THE 
REFERENCE ITEM 
[Disclosure here must comply with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, Annex 17, item 
2.2.2 and provide an indication of where information on past and future performance and volatility of 
the equity/index /fund/reference entity/other variable can be obtained by electronic means and whether 
or not it can be obtained free of charge. [Where the underlying is an Inflation Index, Share Index or 
other index, need to include the name of the index and insert a link or give other indication as to where 
further information about the Inflation Index, Share Index or other index can be found and note 
additional requirements and related regulatory position if the index is not provided by an EU 
Benchmarks Regulation approved administrator.] [Where the Reference Item is a Share or other 
security, include name of issuer of such Share/Security and ISIN or other relevant identification number 
and insert link or give other indication of where further information of Share/Security can be found.]  
[(When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and 
where it can be obtained]][does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
[Insert any required index disclaimers] 
 
[Dual Currency Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATE[S] OF EXCHANGE AND 
EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the relevant rate[s] can 
be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge and a clear and 
comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is affected by the underlying and the 
circumstances when the risks are most evident.] 
[(When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]] 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

--- Page 188 ---
- 188 - 
ISIN: 
[         ] 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
CUSIP Code: 
[         ] 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] [include this text if "yes" 
selected in which case the bearer Global Notes must 
be issued in NGN form] 
 
[No. While the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]] 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
Method of distribution  
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]

--- Page 189 ---
- 189 - 
 
If syndicated, names [and addresses] 
of 
Managers 
and 
underwriting 
commitments/quotas 
(material 
features): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.) 
 
[Date of [Subscription Agreement]]: 
[          ] 
 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable][give names] 
 
If non-syndicated, name and address 
of relevant Dealer: 
[          ] 
 
Total commission and concession: 
[[          ]% 
of 
the 
Aggregate 
Principal 
Amount][][Not Applicable] 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; [TEFRA C/ 
TEFRA not applicable]]  
 
Non-exempt Offer where there is no 
exemption from the obligation under 
the Prospectus Regulation to publish 
a prospectus 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable](if not applicable, 
delete the remaining placeholders of this paragraph 
(viii) and also paragraph 12 below) 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions: 
[Specify relevant Member State(s) where the issuer 
intends to make Non-exempt Offers (where the Base 
Prospectus lists the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions, 
select from that list), which must therefore be 
jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus and any 
supplements have been passported (in addition to the 
jurisdiction where approved and published)] 
Offer Period: 
[Specify date] until [specify date or a formula such as 
"the Issue Date" or "the date which falls [] Business 
Days thereafter"] 
Financial 
intermediaries 
granted 
specific consent to use the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with the 
Conditions in it: 
[Insert 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
financial 
intermediaries 
receiving 
consent 
(specific 
consent)]/[Not Applicable] 
(In the case of offers in Italy, consider whether 
consent should be applicable) 
General Consent: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
Other Authorised Offeror Terms : 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other Authorised 
Offeror Terms] 
 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included 
here where General Consent is applicable) 
 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a 
Non-exempt offer in relevant jurisdictions. No such 
offer should be made in any relevant jurisdiction until 
those requirements have been met. Non-exempt offers

--- Page 190 ---
- 190 - 
may only be made into jurisdictions in which the base 
prospectus 
(and 
any 
supplement) 
has 
been 
notified/passported.) 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable[, other than with respect 
to offers or sales of the Notes, or the Notes otherwise 
being made available, in [specify jurisdiction(s) for 
which a PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the 
period[s] [          ]- [          ] [repeat periods as 
necessary]]] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified.  If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA 
other than in the relevant specified jurisdiction(s) for 
the relevant specified period(s), "Applicable" should 
be specified and details provided accordingly.) 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Not Applicable/Applicable[, other than with respect 
to offers or sales of the Notes, or the Notes otherwise 
being made available, in the United Kingdom during 
the period[s] [       ]-[       ] [repeat periods as 
necessary]] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK 
other than for the relevant specified period(s), 
"Applicable" should be specified and details provided 
accordingly.) 
 
 
U.S. TAX CONSIDERATIONS  
 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Notes for purposes of 
Section 871(m).][Based on market conditions on the 
date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has made a 
preliminary determination that the Notes are [not] 
Specified Notes for purposes of Section 871(m). This 
is a preliminary determination only that is subject to 
change based on market conditions on the Issue Date. 
If the Issuer's final determination is different then it 
will give notice of such determination.] [Please 
contact [give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer 
contact] for further information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes.] (The 
Notes will not be Specified Securities if they (i) are 
issued prior to January 1, 2023 and are not "delta-
one" for U.S. tax purposes or (ii) do not reference any 
U.S. equity or any index that contains any component 
U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities. If the Notes reference a U.S. 
equity or an index that contains a component U.S. 
equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities and (i) are issued prior to 
January 1, 2023 and provide a return that does not 
differ significantly from the return on an investment

--- Page 191 ---
- 191 - 
in the underlying, or (ii) are issued on or after 
January 1, 2023, further analysis would be required.) 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
(Delete whole section if sub-paragraph 10(viii) above is specified to be Not Applicable because there is 
no Non-exempt Offer) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price/Not Applicable/specify] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[The Offer of the Notes in Italy is conditional upon 
their issue. 
No dealings in Notes to be publicly offered in Italy 
may take place prior to the Issue Date.] 
[The effectiveness of the offer is subject to the 
adoption of the resolution of admission to trading of 
the Notes on the [] before the Issue Date. As such, 
the Issuer undertakes to file the application for the 
Italian Notes to be admitted to trading on the [] in 
time for the adoption of such resolution.] (This 
language should be included where reimbursement of 
the Noteholder's investment is not guaranteed) 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of the application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Description 
of 
possibility 
to 
reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Manner in and date on which results of the 
offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription rights 
and treatment of subscription rights not 
exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Process for notifying applicants of the amount 
allotted and an indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Amount of any expenses and taxes charged to 
the subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or UK MiFIR 
and/or PRIIPs and/or UK PRIIPS Regulation such 
that it is required to disclose information relating to 
costs and charges, also include that information)

--- Page 192 ---
- 192 - 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent known 
to the Issuer, of the placers in the various 
countries where the offer takes place 
[The Authorised Offerors identified in paragraph [10] 
above 
and 
identifiable 
from 
the 
Base 
Prospectus/None/give details] 
[Name and address of the entities which have 
a firm commitment to act as intermediaries in 
secondary 
trading, 
providing 
liquidity 
through bid and offer rates and description of 
the main terms of their commitment:] 
[None/give details] 
 
 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated by reference to [insert name(s) of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert 
name(s) of the administrator(s) – if more than one, 
specify in relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name(s) of 
the administrator(s)] [is/are] [not] included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011.] [repeat as necessary]]

--- Page 193 ---
- 193 - 
ANNEX 
SUMMARY OF THE NOTES 
[Issue specific summary to be inserted in the case of the Notes issued with minimum denomination of less than 
EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency)]

--- Page 194 ---
- 194 - 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
The Pricing Supplement in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be completed to reflect the particular terms of 
the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the 
Pricing Supplement but denotes directions for completing the Pricing Supplement. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 FOR THE 
ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers or sales of 
the Notes, or the Notes otherwise being made available, in [specify jurisdiction(s) for which a PRIIPs KID is being 
prepared] [during the period[s] [         ]- [         ] [repeat periods as necessary],] [T]/[t]he Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers or sales of 
the Notes, or the Notes otherwise being made available, in the United Kingdom ("UK"), during the period[s] [     
]-[     ] [repeat periods as necessary],] [T]/[t]he Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the [United 
Kingdom ("UK")][UK]. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be included]] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / target market – [appropriate target market leged to be included]] 
Pricing Supplement dated [                        ] 
Bankinter International Notes S.àr.l. 
société à responsabilité limitée 
 
Registered office: 46A avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
R.C.S. Luxembourg: B262854 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 529900QGCKTS5X3AG225 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed by 
BANKINTER, S.A.

--- Page 195 ---
- 195 - 
under the 
EUR 4,000,000,000 Structured Notes Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such offer. 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein. This Pricing Supplement must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 18 February 2022 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] 
dated [date[s]]] (the "Base Prospectus"). Prospective investors should note that investing in the Notes entails 
certain risks including (without limitation) the risk that the Issue Price may be greater than the market 
value of the Notes [and the risk that the Calculation Agent may exercise its discretion in such a way as to 
affect amounts due and payable under the Notes and/or their Maturity Date]. For a more detailed 
description of certain of the risks involved, see "Risk Factors" on pages 13 to 40 of the Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented). 
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the 
basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available 
for viewing at (https://live.euronext.com/) [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be 
obtained from [address]]. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the Base Prospectus [dated [original date] [and the supplement dated [date]] which are incorporated 
by reference in the Base Prospectus].1 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
[must/may need to] be €100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Bankinter International Notes S.àr.l. 
 
Guarantor: 
Bankinter, S.A. 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
 
Applicable Annex(es): 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Annex 1: Equity Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 2: Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Conditions]  
 
[Annex 3: Payout Conditions [for the purposes of 
Payout Condition 5 only]]  
 
Type of securities: 
[Notes] 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ][Specify if Settlement Exchange Rate and 
Settlement Payment both apply: (the "SER Subject 
                                                     
 
1  
Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche was issued under a Base Prospectus with a different 
date.

--- Page 196 ---
- 196 - 
Currency") for the purpose of the Specified 
Denomination and calculations and [     ] (the 
"Settlement Currency") for the purpose of 
payments] 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount of Notes: 
 
 
Series: 
[         ] 
 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
 
Issue Price: 
[         ]% of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)][converted into 
the Settlement Currency at the Initial Settlement 
Exchange Rate, being [specify amount] in respect of 
the Aggregate Principal Amount and "Initial SER" 
means [specify]] 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form 
see Conditions): 
[the Specified Denomination][Insert in the case of 
Instalment Notes: (the "Original Calculation 
Amount") minus, for the purposes of any calculation 
by reference to the Calculation Amount on any day, 
the sum of the Instalment Amounts paid prior to the 
relevant day [save for the purposes of calculation of 
any 
[Interest 
Amount][Final 
Redemption 
Amount][Early Redemption Amount][Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount] [[payable][deliverable] 
on [specify]] for which purposes the Original 
Calculation Amount will continue to apply]]. 
 
If there are several Specified Denominations, insert 
the highest common factor of those Specified 
Denominations. (Note: there must be a common 
factor of two or more Specified Denominations) 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[         ] 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify] [Issue Date] [Not Applicable] 
 
[An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example, Zero Coupon 
Notes] 
 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date (including any relevant Business Day 
Convention) or (for Floating Rate Notes, Equity 
Linked Notes, ETF, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Notes, or Other Reference Item Linked Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year][or such later date for 
redemption determined as provided in the [ [Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Conditions][or, in all 
circumstances if applicable, such later date for 
payment determined as provided in the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions set out in Payout 
Condition 5] 
 
[If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the 
Issue Date the Notes must comply with the Central 
Bank's notice by the Central Bank of Ireland of

--- Page 197 ---
- 197 - 
exemptions granted under section 8(2) of the Central 
Bank Act, 1971 as amended (BSD C01/02) and, inter 
alia, have a minimum Specified Denomination of 
Euro 125,000. In addition such Notes must bear the 
following legend: 
 
"An investment in the Notes does not have the status 
of a bank deposit and does not have the protection of 
the deposit protection scheme operated by the 
Central Bank of Ireland. The Issuer is not regulated 
by the Central Bank of Ireland by virtue of the issue 
of the Notes."] 
 
 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ]% 
Fixed 
Rate] 
[in 
relation 
to 
the 
[first[(n=1)]][,][and][second[(n=2)]][,][and][third[(n
=3)]][] (insert further number of interest payment 
dates, as applicable) Interest Payment Date] 
 
[[specify reference rate]+/- [         ]% Floating Rate] 
 
[Index Linked Interest] 
 
[Other (Specify)] 
 
[Equity Linked] [in relation to each Interest Payment 
Date after the [[first][second][third][] (insert 
further number of interest payment dates, as 
applicable)] 
Interest 
Payment 
Date[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)] 
[] 
(insert 
further 
number of interest payment dates, as applicable)]]: 
please see the section headed Provisions Applicable 
to Equity Linked Notes below for more details] 
 
[Reference Item Rate Linked [in relation to each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
after 
the 
[[first][second][third][] (insert further number of 
interest payment dates, as applicable)] Interest 
Payment Date[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)] [] (insert 
further number of interest payment dates, as 
applicable)]]: please see Provisions Applicable to 
Reference Item Rate Linked Notes below for more 
details] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked [in relation to 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
after 
the 
[[first][second][third] [] (insert further number of 
interest payment dates, as applicable)] Interest 
Payment Date[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)] [] (insert 
further number of interest payment dates, as 
applicable)]]: please see Provisions Applicable to 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes" below 
for more details] 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by 
reference to the applicable Settlement Exchange 
Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon]

--- Page 198 ---
- 198 - 
[and each Interest Amount will be multiplied by the 
FX Factor as provided below] 
[The Notes do not bear or pay any interest] 
 
(further particulars specified in items 18 and 
[19/20/21//22//23/24/25/26/29/30/31] below) 
 
Redemption/Payment basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
[See item 29 below] 
 
[Dual Currency] 
 
[Instalment] 
 
[Other (specify)] 
 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
 
[Equity Linked: please see the section headed 
Provisions Applicable to Equity Linked Notes below 
for more details] 
 
[Reference Item Rate Linked: please see Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes 
below for more details] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked: please see 
Provisions Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Notes" below for more details] 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by 
reference to the applicable Settlement Exchange 
Rate] 
[provided that each redemption amount will be 
multiplied by the relevant FX Factor as provided 
below] 
 
[Other Reference Item Linked: please see details set 
out at Final Redemption Amount of each Note below 
for more details.] 
 
Reference Item(s): 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 
to [[k][specify])] will apply [for [Interest][and] 
[Automatic Early Redemption][and][Redemption] 
determination purposes:][Not Applicable] 
 
[For [k] = 1][specify][insert description][(see 
paragraph [specify])]  
 
(Repeat if necessary) 
 
[and] 
 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 
[specify] to [k] = [specify])] will apply [for 
[Redemption] determination purposes]: 
 
[For [k] = [specify]][specify][insert description][(see 
paragraph [specify])]

--- Page 199 ---
- 199 - 
 
(Repeat if necessary) 
 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
On 
[the/each] 
[[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][]] 
(insert 
further number of interest payment dates, as 
applicable) Interest Payment Date [[(n=1)][(n=2)] 
[(n=3)][(n=)] (insert or delete numbers of interest 
payment dates, as applicable)], both the Interest 
Amount calculated in accordance with paragraph 
[18]/[19][20] below and the Fixed Coupon Amount 
calculated 
in 
accordance 
with 
paragraph 
[18]/[19][20]shall become payable. 
[And/or specify the date when any change to the 
Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment Basis occurs 
with reference to paragraphs 19 and 20 below] 
 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable][Applicable 
[and 
Settlement 
Currency Payment [applies/does not apply]]  
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Settlement Exchange Rate: 
[Specify rate] [As per Payout Condition 5] 
 
(if a rate is specified then delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
SER Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
[or, 
if 
applicable,] 
[[specify] 
SER 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to the [scheduled] 
[specify each payment date]] 
 
(where different SER Valuation Dates apply to 
different payment dates, specify in respect of each 
applicable payment date) 
 
Provisions applicable to determining 
the Settlement Exchange Rate: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement 
Exchange Rate in Payout Condition 5: 
 
[SER Base Currency: [specify]] 
 
SER Price Source: [specify] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: [specify] 
 
SER Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
SER Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction: [specify] 
 
SER Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
[Material Change in Circumstance]

--- Page 200 ---
- 200 - 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
[Price Materiality, where: 
 
SER 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
[specify][3]% 
 
SER Primary Rate: [specify][The rate 
determined as set out in the definition of 
Settlement Exchange Rate] 
 
SER Secondary Rate: [specify][SER First 
Fallback 
Reference 
Price 
[and]][SER 
Second Fallback Reference Price]] 
 
SER Disruption Fallbacks (for Price 
Source 
Disruption 
and 
Price 
Materiality only): 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
SER First Fallback Price Source: [specify] 
 
SER First Fallback Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
SER First Fallback Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
SER Second Fallback Price Source: 
[specify] 
 
SER Second Fallback Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
SER 
Second 
Fallback 
Number 
of 
Settlement Days: [specify]] 
 
[Valuation Postponement] 
 
SER Number of Postponement Settlement 
Days: 
[[Two][specify]] 
[Business 
Days][SER Settlement Days] [specify] 
 
SER Maximum Days of Postponement: 
[specify] 
 
(specify fallbacks required and arrange order in 
which to be applied) 
 
SER Cumulative Events: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable and SER Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
 
SER Number of Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where SER Settlement 
Day Centre(s) means [specify]] 
 
SER Additional Disruption Event: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Change in Law][Hedging Disruption][Increased 
Cost of Hedging]

--- Page 201 ---
- 201 - 
(Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging 
should not be specified for Notes admitted to trading 
on SeDeX Market or EuroTLX) 
 
[Trade Date means [specify]] 
 
(i) 
[Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
Status of the Guarantee: 
Senior Preferred]  
 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of 
Notes 
[and 
Guarantee] 
[respectively] obtained: 
[         ] [and [         ], respectively] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of the Notes or related Guarantee) 
 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable: Knock-in Value is 
[(i)][greater than][greater than or equal to][less 
than][less 
than 
or 
equal 
to] 
the 
Knock-in 
[Level][Price][within the Knock-in Range] (Only 
applicable if a payment to be made in respect of the 
Notes is subject to a condition precedent that a 
Knock-in Event has occurred. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(Insert for Reference Item Linked Notes) 
 
Knock-in Value:  
[insert definition from Payout Condition 4.2] 
 
Knock-in Level/Knock-in Price: 
[specify value or percentage] 
 
Knock-in Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of 
values, percentages, level, or prices etc.] to and 
[including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, level, or prices etc.] [Not Applicable]  
 
Knock-in Determination Day(s): 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-in Determination Period][Not Applicable]  
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
Knock-in Determination Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date: 
[Applicable][specify][Not Applicable]  
 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in 
Period 
Ending 
Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a 
Knock-in Determination Day][Not Applicable]

--- Page 202 ---
- 202 - 
 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable: The Knock-out Value 
is [(i)] [greater than][greater than or equal to][less 
than][less than or equal to] the Knock-out 
[Level][Price] [within the Knock-out Range] 
 
(Only applicable if a payment to be made in respect 
of the Notes is subject to a condition precedent that 
a Knock-out Event has occurred. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(Insert for Reference Item Linked Notes) 
 
Knock-out Value: 
[insert definition from Payout Condition 4.2] 
 
Knock-out Level/Knock-out Price: 
[specify value or percentage] 
 
Knock-out Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of 
values, percentages, level, or prices etc.] to and 
[including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, level, or prices etc.][Not Applicable]  
 
Knock-out Determination Day(s): 
[[From and including][From and excluding][To and 
including][To but excluding][specify]] 
 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-out Determination Period][Not Applicable] 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
Knock-out Determination Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Period Ending Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a 
Knock-out Determination Day][Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[If applicable specify: provided that each Interest 
Amount determined in accordance with 
the 
Conditions (prior to any rounding) will be multiplied 
by the relevant FX Factor and the resulting amount 
then rounded as provided in the Conditions, where: 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 
and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions]]

--- Page 203 ---
- 203 - 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] [in each year] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day]][not adjusted][or such later 
date for payment determined as provided in the 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out in 
Condition 5 of the Payout Conditions] 
 
Margin(s): 
[+ [specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable] 
 
(If a Margin applies for each Interest Period, the 
Margin shall be specified separately for each Interest 
Period) 
 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable] 
 
(If a Minimum Interest Rate applies for each Interest 
Period, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be specified 
separately for each Interest Period) 
 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[specify][%][per annum]][Not Applicable] 
 
(If a Maximum Interest Rate applies for each Interest 
Period, the Maximum Interest Rate shall be specified 
separately for each Interest Period) 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)][specify 
other][Not Applicable]  
 
Rate of Interest: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the/each] 
[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][] 
(insert 
further number of interest payment dates, as 
applicable) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=] 
(insert 
or 
delete 
numbers of interest payment dates, as applicable)] 
[(from 
[specify] 
to 
[specify])][falling 
[on[or 
about]][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify]] only]][Not 
Applicable]]the Rate of Interest shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent [in accordance with the 
[following] [formula(e)][below]][as the sum of the 
following [items [specify] to [specify] (each 
inclusive) below] [which shall be applied to [the 
difference between (x) the Original Calculation 
Amount 
minus 
(y) 
the 
Instalment 
Amount 
(irrespective of whether the Instalment Amount has 
been paid or not)][insert other basis to which the 
Rate of Interest might be applied]]][Insert letters or 
numbering here and next to each payout if this adds 
clarity (eg (a), (b). . .)]:] 
[In respect of [the/each] Interest Payment Date from, 
and 
including, 
the 
[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][] 
(insert 
further number of interest payment dates, as 
applicable) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=] 
(insert 
or 
delete 
numbers of interest payment dates, as applicable)] 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent [in accordance with the [following 
formula(e)]][as the sum of the following [items

--- Page 204 ---
- 204 - 
[specify] to [specify] (each inclusive) below][which 
shall be applied to the [Calculation Amount][insert 
other basis to which the Rate of Interest might be 
applied]]][Insert letters or numbering here and next 
to each payout if this adds clarity (eg (a), (b). . .)]:]    
 
[Fixed Rate] 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
(The above formulation may be repeated as 
necessary) 
 
(In respect of the following, insert formula, relevant 
value(s) and other related definitions from Payout 
Condition 2.1 and relevant definitions from Payout 
Condition 4) 
 
[Rate of Interest (i)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (ii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (iii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (iv)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (v)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (vi)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (vii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (viii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (ix)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (x)] 
 
(If the Rate of Interest is calculated by reference to 
Reference Items, Valuation Dates, Observation 
Dates etc. or is otherwise calculated differently in 
respect of each Interest Payment Date, above options 
may be repeated and numerical suffixes may be used 
to clarify which Reference Item, Rate of Interest, 
Valuation Date, Observation Date etc. applies in 
respect of the corresponding Interest Payment Date) 
 
Calculation of Interest Amounts as 
fixed amounts 
[Calculation of Interest Amounts as a fixed amounts: 
Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If more than one fixed rate is to be determined 
repeat items (i) to (ii) of this paragraph for each such 
rate and, if Digital Coupon One Condition or Digital 
Coupon Two Conditions apply distinguish between 
the Rate which is Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B 
and the Rate which is Rate C if applicable) 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[         ]% 
[per 
annum] 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly/other/(s
pecify)] in arrear] [on the [Instalment Amount][insert 
other basis to which the Rate of Interest might be 
applied] 
on 
the 
[the/each] 
[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][] 
(insert 
further number of interest payment dates, as 
applicable) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date

--- Page 205 ---
- 205 - 
[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=] 
(insert 
or 
delete 
numbers of interest payment dates, as applicable)]. 
[         ]% [per Calculation Amount][Instalment 
Amount] 
from, 
and 
including, 
the 
[[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][] 
(insert 
further number of interest payment dates, as 
applicable)] 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=] 
(insert 
or 
delete 
numbers of interest payment dates, as applicable)] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
[         ] 
[per 
Calculation 
Amount][Instalment 
Amount] 
 
[on 
the 
[the/each] 
[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][] 
(insert 
further number of interest payment dates, as 
applicable) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=] 
(insert 
or 
delete 
numbers of interest payment dates, as applicable)]]  
[[         ] [per [Calculation Amount][Instalment 
Amount]] 
from, 
and 
including, 
the 
[first][,][and][second][,][and][third][] 
(insert 
further number of interest payment dates, as 
applicable) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
[[(n=1)][(n=2)][(n=3)][n=] 
(insert 
or 
delete 
numbers of interest payment dates, as applicable)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
   
 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable][give details] 
 
Floating Rate Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for purposes only of 
determining the "Rate" element of the Rate of 
Interest specified in item [18(vi)]] (insert where 
"Rate of Interest (viii) – Range Accrual" applies 
under item 18(vi)) 
 
(If more than one floating rate is to be determined, 
repeat items (i) to (xiii) as applicable for each such 
rate and, if Digital Coupon One Condition or Digital 
Coupon Two Conditions apply distinguish between 
the Rate which is Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B 
and the Rate which is Rate C if applicable) 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Specified Period: 
[         ]  
 
(Specified Period and specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather

--- Page 206 ---
- 206 - 
than specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable") 
 
[First Interest Payment Date:] 
[         ] 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] [Business Day Convention only 
needs to be specified here if Specified Periods are 
specified] 
 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[specify] (Calculation Agent) 
 
Margin Plus Rate: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Specified Percentage Multiplied by 
Rate:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Difference in Rates: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
of 
Rate[1]: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Reference Rate: 
[[          ] month] 
[EURIBOR 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
/ 
Compounded Daily SOFR / Compounded Daily 
€STR][specify] [Insert in the case of Compounded 
Daily SONIA except where Index Determintion 
applies: For this purpose Relevant Screen Page 
means [specify]] 
 
Observation Method 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily SONIA 
or Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index 
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded 
Daily €STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable) 
 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/ [] [London Banking Days] / 
[U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days][TARGET2 Business Days] 
(Specify 
for 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
or 
Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index 
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded 
Daily €STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable. N.B. 
must be at least two such relevant days to allow 
clearing system payments) 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 207 ---
- 207 - 
(Include if applicable for Compounded Daily SONIA 
or Compounded Daily SOFR) 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for EURIBOR: Second TARGET2 System 
Business Day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period]  
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA–non Index 
Determination: Second London Banking Day prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number 
of London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and Relevant Number means 
[insert number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR–non Index 
Determination: Second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date and Relevant 
Number means [insert number being two or 
greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily €STR: Second 
TARGET2 System Business Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][ Reuters EURIBOR 01] 
 
Relevant Time: 
[specify][ 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/eurozone (where eurozone means the 
region comprised of the countries whose lawful 
currency is the euro)][specify] 
 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None] 
 
ISDA Determination of Rate[1]: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[         ] 
 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None] 
 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
of 
Rate 2: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 208 ---
- 208 - 
(in relation to Difference in Rates) 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[[          ] month] 
[EURIBOR 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
/ 
Compounded Daily SOFR / Compounded Daily 
€STR][specify] [Insert in the case of Compounded 
Daily SONIA except where Index Determintion 
applies: For this purpose Relevant Screen Page 
means [specify]] 
 
Observation Method 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily SONIA 
or Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index 
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded 
Daily €STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable) 
 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/ [] [London Banking Days] / 
[U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days][TARGET2 Business Days] 
(Specify 
for 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
or 
Compounded Daily SOFR, except where Index 
Determination is applicable, or for Compounded 
Daily €STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable. N.B. 
must be at least two such relevant days to allow 
clearing system payments) 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Include if applicable for Compounded Daily SONIA 
or Compounded Daily SOFR) 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for EURIBOR: Second TARGET2 System 
Business Day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period]  
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA–non Index 
Determination: Second London Banking Day prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number 
of London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and Relevant Number means 
[insert number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR–non Index 
Determination: Second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date and Relevant 
Number means [insert number being two or 
greater]]

--- Page 209 ---
- 209 - 
[Insert for Compounded Daily €STR: Second 
TARGET2 System Business Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[Reuters EURIBOR 01][specify] 
 
Relevant Time: 
[11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time] [specify] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/eurozone (where eurozone means the 
region comprised of the countries whose lawful 
currency is the euro][specify] 
 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None] 
 
ISDA Determination of Rate 2: 
 
(in relation to Difference in Rates) 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[         ] 
 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[specify][None] 
 
Specified Percentage: 
[[         ]%][Not Applicable] 
 
Fallback 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions, denominator and any 
other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest on Floating Rate 
Notes, if different from those set out 
in the Conditions: 
[         ] 
 
Other Reference Item Linked Interest Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Other Reference Item: 
[         ] 
 
Entity responsible for calculating the 
interest due: 
[specify] [Calculation Agent] 
 
Provisions for determining Coupon 
where calculation by reference to 
Formula and/or Other Reference 
Item: 
[         ] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s):  
[         ] 
 
Provisions for determining Coupon 
where calculation by reference to 
Formula and/or Other Reference 
Item is impossible or impracticable 
or otherwise disrupted: 
[         ]

--- Page 210 ---
- 210 - 
 
Interest or calculation period(s): 
[         ] 
 
Specified Period: 
[         ]  
 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather 
than Specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable") 
 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] 
 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert "Not 
Applicable") 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/specify 
other 
Business 
Day 
convention][Delete as applicable] 
 
Minimum Rate/Amount of Interest: 
[         ]% per annum 
 
Maximum Rate Amount of Interest: 
[         ]% per annum 
 
Day Count Fraction 
[         ] 
 
Dual Currency Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rate 
of 
Exchange/method 
of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[         ] 
 
Entity, responsible for calculating 
the principal and/or interest due: 
[specify] [Calculation Agent] 
 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate of 
Exchange 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[         ] 
 
Person at whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[         ] 
 
Equity Linked Note interest provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to "Provisions Applicable 
to 
Equity 
Linked 
Notes" 
below, 
for 
more 
information][Not Applicable][Delete as applicable] 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
interest provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the sections Provisions 
Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes" 
below 
for 
more 
information][Not 
Applicable][Delete as applicable] 
 
Reference Item Rate Linked Note interest 
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section "Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes"

--- Page 211 ---
- 211 - 
below, 
for 
more 
information][Not 
Applicable][Delete as applicable] 
 
Zero Coupon Note provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs) 
 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ]% per annum 
 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining the amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[         ] 
 
Day Count Fraction in relation to the 
Amortised Face Amount: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
Call Opcion 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][provided the 
Issuer may only exercise the Call Option if 
the Optional Redemption Condition is 
satisifed] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 (Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call): 
[         ][or such later date for payment 
determined as provided in the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions set out in Payout 
Condition 5][the [insert] Business Day 
following [the day on which notice of the 
Issuer exercising the Call Option is given to 
Noteholders] 
 
[If 
applicable 
specify: 
[provided 
that][with][the resulting amount][will be] 
multiplied by the relevant FX Factor [[and] 
with 
the 
resulting 
amount 
rounded 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the 
Specified Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 
in the case of JPY)], where: 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout 
Condition 4 and 6 and other relevant 
definitions from the Payout Conditions 
completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions including, if applicable, 
Optional Redemption Condition]) 
 Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount][Final 
Payout as specified in paragraph 27 below] 
 If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 212 ---
- 212 - 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption Amount 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 Notice period: 
[         ][[] Business Days (the "Minimum 
Early Redemption Notice Period")  
 
Put Option: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put): 
[         ][or such later date for payment 
determined as provided in the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions set out in Payout 
Condition 5]) 
 Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each Note: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is 
other than a specified amount per 
Calculation Amount, the Notes will need to 
be Exempt Notes) 
 
[If 
applicable 
specify: 
[provided 
that][with][the resulting amount][will be] 
multiplied by the relevant FX Factor [[and] 
with 
the 
resulting 
amount 
rounded 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the 
Specified Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 
in the case of JPY)], where: 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout 
Condition 6 and other relevant definitions 
from the Payout Conditions completed on 
the 
basis 
provided 
in 
the 
Payout 
Conditions] 
 Notice period: 
[         ][[] Business Days (the "Minimum 
Early Redemption Notice Period")  
 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[Calculation Amount * [specify]%] [Outstanding 
Principal Amount immediately prior to the Maturity 
Date] [Calculation Amount * Final Payout] [Final 
Payout] [, subject to [specify]]/See Equity Linked 
redemption provisions below/ See Reference Item 
Rate Linked Note redemption provisions below/ See 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked redemption 
provisions below] 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the 
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant 
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified 
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], 
where: 
 
[insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6  
and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions]

--- Page 213 ---
- 213 - 
[In cases where the Final Redemption 
Amount is an Other Reference Item Linked 
Redemption Note: 
(If not applicable, delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
Formula/Other Redemption Item: 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
 
Entity responsible for calculating the 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[specify] [Calculation Agent] 
 
Provisions for determining Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
where 
calculated by reference to Formula 
and/or other Other Redemption 
Item: 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
 
Date 
for 
determining 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
where 
calculation by reference to Formula 
and/or Other Redemption Item: 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions for determining Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
where 
calculation by reference to Formula 
and/or Other Redemption Item is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable 
or 
otherwise disrupted: 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
 
[Payment Date:] 
[         ] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
Other 
relevant 
provisions 
or 
conditions: 
[Insert as applicable][Not Applicable]] 
 
Final Payout: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(In respect of the following, insert formula from 
Payout Condition 2.2) 
 
[The sum of the following [items [specify] to 
[specify] (each inclusive) below]:] [Insert letters or 
numbering here and next to each payout if this adds 
clarity (eg (a), (b). . .)] 
 
 
[Redemption (i)] 
 
[Redemption (ii)] 
 
[Redemption (iii)] 
 
 
 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If applicable, specify one of the following) 
 
[ST Automatic Early Redemption] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 214 ---
- 214 - 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
AER Value is: [greater than][greater than or equal 
to][less than][less than or equal to] the Automatic 
Early Redemption [Level][Price] 
 
AER 
Value 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
AER Value:  
 [Insert relevant value definition and where 
applicable 
relevant 
definitions 
from 
Payout 
Condition 4.1 and 4.2][Not Applicable] 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Payout: 
The Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
(Insert relevant formula (and related definitions) 
from Payout Condition 3)  
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the 
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant 
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified 
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], 
where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6  
and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions) 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Level/Price: 
[[specify] [%[of [RI Initial Value][RI WO Initial 
Value][Basket 
Initial 
Value][RI 
BO 
Initial 
Value]]]][Not Applicable] 
 
[AER Percentage]: 
[specify]%][Not Applicable] 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment determined 
as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Payout Condition 5] 
 
AER Additional Rate: 
[AER Rate][Insert relevant provisions from Payout 
Condition 4.1][Not Applicable] 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevant Valuation Date][during the Observation 
Period][Not Applicable]. 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Tax) 
per 
Calculation Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or if different 
from that set out in the Conditions): 
[[      ] per Calculation Amount (specify the 
amount)/Market Value less Associated Costs] 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the 
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant 
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded

--- Page 215 ---
- 215 - 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified 
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], 
where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6  
and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions) 
Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on an event of default and/or 
the method of calculating the same (if 
required or if different from that set out in the 
Conditions): 
[[      ] per Calculation Amount/specify the amount, 
which may, where appropriate, be an amount per 
Calculation Amount equal to the fair market value of 
each Note less applicable costs [including the cost, if 
any, for unwinding hedging arrangements]] 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the 
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant 
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified 
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], 
where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6  
and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions) 
Early Redemption Amount per Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
following 
an 
early 
redemption: 
[[      ] per Calculation Amount/Market Value less 
Associated Costs/specify amount or method of 
calculation][Not Applicable] 
 
[If applicable specify: [provided that][with][the 
resulting amount][will be] multiplied by the relevant 
FX Factor [[and] with the resulting amount rounded 
[up/down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified 
Currency (or to the nearest JPY1 in the case of JPY)], 
where: 
 
(Insert relevant definitions from Payout Condition 6 
and other relevant definitions from the Payout 
Conditions completed on the basis provided in the 
Payout Conditions) 
Fair Market Value Interest Element: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (Specify as required in 
respect of each relevant early redemption. Note, this 
should be specified as Applicable where accrued 
interest will not always be known on an early 
redemption: for example when using SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR or for other Notes where interest is 
determined only shortly before an Interest Payment 
Date.) 
 
Equity Linked Note redemption provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section headed 
"Provisions Applicable to Equity Linked Notes" for 
more 
information][Not 
Applicable][Delete 
as 
applicable] 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
redemption provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the sections "Provisions 
Applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes" 
below 
for 
more 
information][Not 
Applicable][Delete as applicable]

--- Page 216 ---
- 216 - 
 
Reference Item Rate Linked Note redemption 
provisions: 
[Applicable – please refer to the section "Provisions 
Applicable to Reference Item Rate Linked Notes" 
below, 
for 
more 
information][Not 
Applicable][Delete as applicable] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
Equity Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][for the purposes of 
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
18(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (viii) – Range 
Accrual" applies under item 18(vi)) 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
The provisions of Annex 1 of the Terms and 
Conditions (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Equity Linked Notes) shall apply. 
 
Type of Notes: 
[Single Share Linked Notes][Single Share Index 
Linked Notes][Share Basket Linked Notes][Share 
Index Basket Linked Notes][Delete as applicable] 
 
Share(s)/Share Basket/Single Share 
Index/Share Index Basket: 
[specify (i) names of each issuer of the Share(s), (ii) 
class of each Share, (iii) ISIN or other security 
identification code for each Share/Share Index for 
Single Share Index Linked Notes or each of the Share 
Indices for Share Index Basket Linked Notes 
(specifying where applicable if any such index is a 
Dividend Index)][Reference Item[s][k]] 
 
Share Index Sponsor(s): 
[Insert name(s) of Share Index Sponsor(s)/Share 
Dividend Index Sponsor(s)][Not Applicable] 
(in relation to Single Share Index 
Linked Notes and Share Index 
Basket Linked Notes only) 
 
 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] [As per the Conditions] 
 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges] 
 
Exchange 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention][Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not 
Applicable] 
 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify Strike Period][Not Applicable][Specify the 
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
 
Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable]  
 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Not Applicable][Scheduled Closing Time][Any 
time [on the relevant Coupon Valuation Date][during 
the Observation Period]] [specify], being the time 
specified on the relevant [Coupon Valuation Date] 
for the calculation of the [Interest Amount]  
 
(If no time is specified, the Coupon Valuation Time 
will be the Scheduled Closing Time)

--- Page 217 ---
- 217 - 
 
Redemption Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
Redemption Valuation Time: 
[Not Applicable][Scheduled Closing Time][Any 
time [on the relevant Redemption Valuation 
Date][during the Observation Period]] [specify], 
being the time specified on the relevant [Redemption 
Valuation Date] for the calculation of the 
[Redemption Amount] 
 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not Applicable] 
 
[Valuation Date and] Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[The definition of "Valuation Date" in Condition 17 
will apply, for which purpose the] [Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[specify][As per the Conditions][Not Applicable] 
 
Exchange Rate: 
[specify] 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO REFERENCE ITEM RATE LINKED NOTES  
 
Reference Item Rate Linked Note Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] [for the purposes of 
[determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
18(vi)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (viii) – Range 
Accrual" applies under item 18(vi))], [and][the 
Automatic Early Redemption provisions] 
 
[The [Floating][Fixed] Rate Note Provisions shall 
apply for the purposes of determining the Reference 
Item Rate on the basis of elections in this paragraph 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(If more than one Reference Item Rate is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language: 
"Reference Item Rate [specify] is as follows:" and 
repeat items (i) to (vi) below for each such Reference 
Item Rate) 
 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Item Rate: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(e.g: Second Business Day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR. Where the Rate of Interest is

--- Page 218 ---
- 218 - 
being used other than for a Floating Rate Note, 
ensure that this is not specified in respect of an 
Interest Period and the relevant Range Accrual Day 
may be specified where relevant for Range Accrual 
Notes.) 
(c) 
Relevant Time: 
[specify] 
 
for example 11:00 am, London time/Brussels time, in 
the case of a determination of EURIBOR 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[specify][For example, London/Euro-zone (where 
Euro-zone means the region comprising the 
countries whose lawful currency is the euro)] 
 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
 
[Reference Spread: 
[Reference Item Rate [1][2] minus Reference Item 
Rate [1][2]][Not Applicable] 
 
[See paragraph [     ][above][below] 
 
(If a Reference Spread applies for each Interest 
Period, the Reference Spread shall be specified 
separately for each Interest Period.)] 
 
Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[specify] 
[See 
paragraph 
[specify][above][below][Not applicable]  
 
Business Day: 
As used in this item and for the purpose of 
determining the Reference Item Rate only, "Business 
Day" means [a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
[specify] [A Target2 Settlement Day][[a "U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day", being any 
day except for a Saturday, Sunday or day on which 
the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for the purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.] 
 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 219 ---
- 219 - 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 [Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
the limited circumstances specified in the Global 
Note] 
 
Additional Business Centres: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert Additional Business 
Centres]  
 
Additional Financial Centre for Condition 
6(e) and other special provisions relating to 
Business Days: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert Additional Financial 
Centre] [Specify any additional provisions relating 
to Business Days]  
(Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not Business Days) 
 
New Global Note Form: 
[Yes] [No]  
 
Receipts to be attached to definitive Bearer 
Notes: 
[Yes/No. If yes, insert dates][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: amount 
of each instalment ("Instalment Amount"), 
date on which each payment is to be made 
("Instalment Date"): 
[Not Applicable] [("Instalment Amount" means 
[insert amount] per Calculation Amount and 
"Instalment Date(s)" means [each of] [specify]. [For 
the avoidance of doubt, if any Instalment Date falls 
on or about the due date for the redemption of the 
Notes in full, the Instalment Amount will remain 
payable on the relevant Instalment Date.]] 
 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable][The provisions [in Condition 12 
(Further Issues)] apply] 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[specify] [Bankinter, S.A.] 
 
Commissioner: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Modifications: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in these Pricing Supplement. 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
 
By:  
____________________________ 
By: 
____________________________

--- Page 220 ---
- 220 - 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
 
By: 
____________________________ 
By: 
____________________________ 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 221 ---
- 221 - 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING  
(i) 
Listing 
[Insert Listing/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to listing on [specify market – note this must 
not be a regulated market] with effect from 
[                   ]] 
[Not 
Applicable.] 
[Delete 
as 
applicable] 
(iii) 
[Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[         ]] 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of 
the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)] [The 
Notes are not rated] [Delete as applicable] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement: 
"Save as discussed in ["Plan of Distribution"] [and] "General Information", so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] 
4. 
Use of Proceeds 
[The net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes will be used as described in "Use of Proceeds" in the 
Base Prospectus] (Insert if applicable) 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[           ] 
Common Code: 
[           ] 
CUSIP Code: 
[           ] 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the

--- Page 222 ---
- 222 - 
responsible National Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[           ] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[           ] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]  
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution:  
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/ give names] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[           ] 
(v) 
US Selling Restrictions 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; [TEFRA C/ 
TEFRA not applicable]] 
(vi) 
Additional Selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable[, other than with respect to offers or sales 
of the Notes, or the Notes otherwise being made 
available, in [specify jurisdiction(s) for which a PRIIPs 
KID is being prepared] [during the period[s] [          ]-

--- Page 223 ---
- 223 - 
[          ] 
[repeat 
periods 
as 
necessary]]/Not 
Applicable] 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable[, other than with respect to offers or sales 
of the Notes, or the Notes otherwise being made 
available, in the United Kingdom, during the period[s] 
[   ]-[   ] [repeat periods as necessary]]/Not Applicable] 
 
7. 
U.S. TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
 
The Notes are [not] Specified Notes for purposes of 
Section 871(m).] [Based on market conditions on the 
date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has made a 
preliminary determination that the Notes are [not] 
Specified Notes for purposes of Section 871(m). This 
is a preliminary determination only that is subject to 
change based on market conditions on the Issue Date. 
If the Issuer's final determination is different then it 
will give notice of such determination.] [Please contact 
[give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact] for 
further information regarding the application of 
Section 871(m) to the Notes.] (The Notes will not be 
Specified Securities if they (i) are issued prior to 
January 1, 2023 and are not "delta-one" for U.S. tax 
purposes or (ii) do not reference any U.S. equity or any 
index that contains any component U.S. equity or 
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. 
equities. If the Notes reference a U.S. equity or an 
index that contains a component U.S. equity or 
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. 
equities and (i) are issued prior to January 1, 2023 and 
provide a return that does not differ significantly from 
the return on an investment in the underlying, or (ii) 
are issued on or after January 1, 2023, further analysis 
would be required.)  
 
8. 
[SOFR 
Include where the Notes reference SOFR: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, endorse or recommend any 
products or services offered by the Issuer.]

--- Page 224 ---
- 224 - 
FORM OF NOTES 
 
General 
Unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Notes shall be represented by one or more 
Notes in global form.  
Bearer Notes shall be represented by a global Note in bearer form without Coupons (a "Global Note"), which 
shall be deposited (a) in the case of a global Note which is not intended to be issued in new global note form (a 
"Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, with or on behalf 
of a common depositary located outside the United States for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (b) in 
the case of a global Note which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New Global Note" or "NGN"), 
as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the limited circumstances described below or as otherwise set forth in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, owners of beneficial interests in the Global Notes shall not be entitled to receive 
Notes in definitive form. For details of how Notes may be transferred see "Terms and Conditions of the Notes—
Condition 2 (Form, Denomination and Title)". 
In the United States securities market, the presumption is that settlement of all trades of Notes will occur on the 
basis of the trade date plus two business days. 
Bearer Notes will be issued in the form of a Global Note, without Coupons, in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Notes of such Series, which shall be exchangeable as described below. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in New Global Note form ("NGN") , the Applicable 
Transaction Terms will also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are so held does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for NGNs 
will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approval by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes shall initially be issued in the form of a Global Note, which shall be exchangeable, (i) in whole but 
not in part, directly for definitive Bearer Notes, with or without Coupons attached, which shall in turn be 
exchangeable at the option of the Noteholder for interests in a Certificate of such Series or (ii) directly for interests 
in a Certificate. Purchasers in the United States (including its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to 
its jurisdiction) will not be able to receive Bearer Notes. 
The Principal Paying Agent shall deliver each Global Note executed and authenticated: (1) in the case of a Classic 
Global Note, to the common depositary; or (2) in the case of an NGN, to the common safekeeper in each case for 
the benefit of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for credit against payment in immediately available funds 
on the date of settlement to the respective accounts of the holders of the Notes of the Series represented by such 
Global Note. 
The bearer of a Global Note will be considered the sole owner and holder of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and such Notes. Owners of beneficial interests in a Global 
Note will not be considered the owners or holders of such Global Note (or any Notes represented thereby) under 
the Agency Agreement or the Notes. In addition, no beneficial owner of an interest in a Global Note will be able 
to transfer that interest except in accordance with applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (in addition to those under the Agency Agreement referred to herein). 
Payments of the principal of and any premium, interest and other amounts on any Global Note will be made to 
the bearer thereof. Neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any Paying Agent will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in a Global 
Note or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.

--- Page 225 ---
- 225 - 
The Issuer expects that each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, upon receipt of any such payment in 
respect of a Global Note held by a common depositary or its nominee or by a common safekeeper, will 
immediately credit participants' accounts with payments in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial 
interests in the principal amount of such Global Note as shown on the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. The Issuer also expects that payments by participants to owners of beneficial 
interests in a Global Note held through such participants will be governed by standing instructions and customary 
practices, as is now the case with securities held for the accounts of customers registered in the names of nominees 
for such customers. Such payments will be the responsibility of such participants. 
If the Applicable Transaction Terms specifies that a Global Note becomes exchangeable for definitive Bearer 
Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of definitive Bearer Notes (or, as 
described below, Certificates) to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting 
exchange. 
Any definitive Bearer Note delivered in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Global Note shall bear substantially 
the same legends as are set forth on the face of the Global Note for which it was exchanged. No Bearer Note may 
be delivered nor may any interest be paid on any Bearer Note until the person entitled to receive such Bearer Note 
or such interest furnishes the certifications required by United States Treasury Regulations referred to above. 
If an Event of Default occurs in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, the bearer of the Global Note may 
from time to time elect that Direct Rights under the provisions of (and as defined in) Condition 14 of the Terms 
and Conditions and, the Global Note, shall come into effect in respect of a nominal amount of Notes in respect of 
which the event set out above has occurred. Such election shall be made by notice to the Issue and Paying Agent 
and presentation of this Global Note to or to the order of the Issue and Paying Agent. Upon each such notice being 
given, this Global Note shall become void to the extent of the nominal amount stated in such notice, save to the 
extent that the appropriate Direct Rights shall fail to take effect, for whatever reason. 
Modifications to the Conditions of Notes represented by Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global 
Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 13 (Notices), while any Notes are represented by a Global Note deposited 
with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, 
such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) on 
the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
except that for so long as such Notes are listed on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, 
notices will also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Europe (which is expected to 
be the Financial Times or Expansion).  
In relation to the Global Note only: 
Exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 5(e) (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Options) in respect of some but not all of the Notes, the Global 
Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions 
and the Notes to be redeemed will be selected in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (this shall be recorded in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion) or any other clearing system (as the case 
may be). 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 5(f) (Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders and holders' Exercise of Noteholder's Options) the Global Note must, within the time limits relating 
to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent stating the principal amount of Notes in 
respect of which the option is exercised and at the same time presenting the Global Note to the Principal Paying 
Agent, or to a Paying Agent for notation. Any such notice shall be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
The following legend will appear on all Global Notes and definitive Bearer Notes and any related Coupons relating 
to such Notes:

--- Page 226 ---
- 226 - 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income 
tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code." 
The sections referred to in the above legend provide that a United States taxpayer, with certain exceptions, will 
not be permitted to deduct any loss, and will not be eligible for capital gains treatment with respect to any gain 
realised on any sale, exchange or redemption of Bearer Notes or any related Coupons.  
Notwithstanding any other provision herein, Bearer Notes with maturities of one year or less may be issued.

--- Page 227 ---
- 227 - 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONSThe Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States, and trading in Notes has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission (the "CFTC") under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the 
"CEA"), or by the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). No Notes, or interests therein, may at 
any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, exercised, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined herein) or 
to others for offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, exercise, redemption, transfer or delivery, directly or indirectly, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined herein).  
An offer or sale of Notes, or interests therein, directly or indirectly, within the United States, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined herein) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act and/or 
the securities laws of U.S. states or territories. In addition, in the absence of relief from the CFTC, offers, sales, 
resales, trades, pledges, exercises, redemptions, transfers or deliveries of Notes, or interests therein, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, may constitute a violation of 
United States law governing commodities trading. 
An offer, transfer, trade, pledge, exercise, redemption or sale of Notes, or interests therein, directly or indirectly, 
within the United States, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined herein) which violates the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and/or the securities laws of U.S. states or territories or United 
States law governing commodities trading will not be recognised. Further, prior to a redemption of Notes by way 
of physical delivery, the holder may be required to represent that (i) it is not a U.S. person, (ii) the Notes are not 
redeemed on behalf of a U.S. person, and (iii) no assets will be delivered within the U.S. or to or for the account 
or benefit of a U.S. person. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any copy hereof may be distributed in the United States or to any U.S. person 
(as defined herein) or in any other jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with the 
applicable laws thereof. This Document may not be reproduced either in whole or in part, without the written 
permission of the Issuer. 
As used herein, "U.S. person" means a person that is one or more of the following: (a) a U.S. person as defined in 
Regulation S of the Securities Act or (b) a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes 
of the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended, or any rule, guidance or order proposed or issued by the 
CFTC thereunder (including but not limited to any person who is not a "Non-United States person" under CFTC 
Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) (excluding for purposes of CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv)(D) the exception for qualified eligible 
persons who are not "Non-United States persons")).

--- Page 228 ---
- 228 - 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Issuer plans to optimise its debt management and sustain and promote the presence of Bankinter Group in 
markets that trade structured notes as an active and solvent participant. The Issuer may use a portion or all of the 
total proceeds from the issue of the Notes for transactions to hedge the risks of the Issuer relating to Reference 
Item Linked Notes. In principle, they will not be used for a specific need.

--- Page 229 ---
- 229 - 
BANKINTER INTERNATIONAL NOTES S.ÀR.L. 
The legal name of the Issuer is Bankinter International Notes S.àr.l., a private limited liability company (société 
à responsabilité limitée) incorporated on 22 December 2021 in Luxembourg under the law dated 10 August 1915 
on commercial companies, as amended (the Companies Act), for an unlimited duration and registered with the 
Luxembourg trade and companies register (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number 
B262854. Bankinter International Notes S.àr.l. is a subsidiary of Bankinter, S.A. 
The Registered Office of the Issuer is at 46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg,  telephone number: +91 339 7810. 
The authorised share capital of the Issuer is EUR 12,000 (twelve thousand euro) divided into 12,000 (twelve 
thousand) ordinary shares of EUR 1 (one euro) each, all of which have been issued and paid up. 
The Issuer complies with the corporate governance regime(s) in Luxembourg. 
Major Shareholders 
The total shares of the Issuer are held by the Guarantor. The Issuer complies with the relevant statutory provisions 
and safeguards which regulate the relationship between a company and its major shareholder in order to prevent 
an abuse of control by a major shareholder. 
Business 
The principal objects of the Issuer are set forth in Article 4 of its articles of association and are to carry out all 
transactions pertaining directly or indirectly to the acquisition of participations in Luxembourg and foreign 
companies, in any form whatsoever, and the administration, management, control and development of those 
participations. 
Among others, the Issuer may issue notes, bonds (including exchangeable or convertible securities and securities 
linked to an index or a basket of indices or shares), debentures, certificates, shares, beneficiary shares or parts (the 
rights and obligations of which are determined in the relevant issue document), warrants and any kind of debt or 
equity securities or any other types of financial instruments, including under one or more issue programmes. 
Financial instruments issued by the Issuer are quoted on Euronext Dublin. 
Board of Managers 
The composition of the Board of Managers of the Issuer is the following:  
Name 
Principal 
Occupation 
Other Activities 
Andrés Muñoz Serrano 
Manager 
Financial Accounting Director of Bankinter, 
S.A. 
Adolfo Gutierrez Gonzalez 
Manager 
I.T. Director of Bankinter Luxembourg 
Adolfo-Teodoro De Leste Portoles 
Manager 
Asset 
Manager 
Director 
of 
Bankinter 
Luxembourg 
Hector Esteban Moreno  
Manager 
General Director of Bankinter Luxembourg 
 
Natalia Melero Bermejo 
Manager 
Director of Bankinter Network Distribution, 
S.A.) 
 
The business address of the Manager of the Issuer is Paseo de la Castellana, 29, 28046 in Madrid and 46A, avenue 
J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 in Luxembourg.  
D. Andrés Muñoz Serrano is the administrator of the Issuer. Its duties include the provision of certain 
administrative and related services including acting as company secretary. The appointment of the administrator

--- Page 230 ---
- 230 - 
may be terminated and the administrator may retire upon 90 days' written notice subject to the appointment of an 
alternative administrator.  
The Issuer has established a bank account with the Guarantor. 
Principal Markets 
As the Issuer's primary role is to support the Bankinter Group by issuing financial instruments, the Issuer is not 
in direct competition with any other entities and as such there is currently no information to disclose in respect of 
its competitive position. 
Conflicts of Interest 
There exist no conflicts of interest between the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer 
and there exist no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the issuing entity of any members of such 
administrative, management or supervisory bodies and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Audit Committee 
The Issuer does not have an audit committee. No audit committee is required pursuant to paragraphs 1 to 4, Article 
41.1 of Directive 2006/40/EC of the European Parliament and the Council of 17 May 2006. 
Approved Statutory Auditor (Réviseur d'entreprises agréé) and financial year  
The Issuer's approved statutory auditor (réviseur d'enterprises agréé) is PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, who 
has been appointed for a period of one (1) year until the 2022 audit. PricewaterhouseCoopers is a member of the 
Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises. 
The Issuer's fiscal year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December each year, except for the first fiscal year that 
started on the date of incorporation of the Issuer and will end on 31 December 2022.

--- Page 231 ---
- 231 - 
BANKINTER, S.A. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
INFORMATION TO BE DISCLOSED ABOUT THE GUARANTOR 
The guarantor must disclose information about itself as if it were the issuer of that same type of security that 
is the subject of the guarantee. 
1. 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE 
1.1 
All persons responsible for the information given in this Base Prospectus relating to the guarantor 
and, as the case may be, for certain parts of it, with, in the latter case, an indication of such parts. In 
the case of natural persons including members of the issuer's administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies indicate the name and function of the person; in case of legal persons indicate the 
name and registered office. 
Bankinter, S.A. ("Bankinter", the "Guarantor", the "Bank", "we" (and references to "us" or "our" shall 
be construed accordingly) or the "Parent") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus relating to the Guarantor. 
Bankinter, S.A. is the Guarantor under this Base Prospectus and assumes responsibility for the guarantee. 
1.2 
A declaration by those responsible for this Base Prospectus that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus relating to the guarantor is, to the best of their knowledge, in accordance with the facts 
and contains no omission likely to affect its import. As the case may be, declaration by those 
responsible for certain parts of this Base Prospectus that the information contained in the part of this 
Base Prospectus for which they are responsible is, to the best of their knowledge, in accordance with 
the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
The Bank confirms that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, 
in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
1.3 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, provide a confirmation that this information 
has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the guarantor is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. In addition, the guarantor shall identify the 
source(s) of the information. 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from a third party: (i) such information has 
been accurately reproduced; (ii) as far as we are aware and are able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading; and (iii) the source of such information has been identified. 
2. 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
2.1 
Names and addresses of the guarantor's auditors for the period covered by the historical financial 
information (together with their membership in a professional body). 
The non-consolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of Bankinter, S.A. for the years ended 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 were audited by the independent auditors, 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. is registered under 
number S-0242 in the Official Register of Auditors (Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas). 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. is a member of the Instituto de Censores Jurados de Cuentas 
de España. The address of PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. is Torre PwC, Paseo de la Castellana, 
259B, Torre PwC, Madrid. 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
3.1 
A description of the material risks that are specific to the guarantor and that may affect the 
guarantor’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the securities, in a limited number of categories, in a 
section headed "Risk Factors" in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 232 ---
- 232 - 
See "Risk Factors" on pages 13 to 40 of this Base Prospectus. 
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE GUARANTOR 
4.1 
History and development of the guarantor. 
4.1.1 
Legal and trading name of the guarantor. 
The name of the Bank is Bankinter, Sociedad Anónima and it operates under the trading name 
"Bankinter". 
4.1.2 
The place of registration of the guarantor, its registration number and legal entity identifier (LEI). 
The Bank is registered in the Mercantile Registry of Madrid, tomo 1,857, general 1,258 of section 3 of 
the Companies Register, folio 220, sheet 9,643, entry 1ª dated 8 July 1965. Its tax ID number is A-
28/157360. 
The Guarantor is a Spanish company with legal status as a public limited company (sociedad anónima), 
with the status of a bank and is governed by the Restated Spanish Companies Act (Texto Refundido de 
la Ley de Sociedades de Capital), approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2010, of 2 July (Real Decreto 
Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de 
Capital). The Guarantor is subject to special legislation for credit institutions in general, the supervision, 
control and regulation of the European Central Bank and, as a listed company, the regulatory supervision 
of the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) and, as a 
credit institution, to Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the management, supervision and solvency of credit 
institutions and Royal Decree 84/2015, of 13 February, developing Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on 
ordination, supervision and solvency of credit institutions. 
The current Bylaws, which have been adapted to the current Ley de Sociedades de Capital, were 
approved by the shareholders at its General Shareholders' Meeting. However, Article 18 of such By-
laws, which relates to the General Shareholder’s Meeting, Articles 33, 34 and 36 which refer to Board 
Committees, Article 34,  relating to the Risk and Compliance Committee and Article 41 relating to the 
distribution of dividends were last amended on 21 April 2021. 
The Guarantor's legal entity identifier is VWMYAEQSTOPNV0SUGU82. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor has a total share capital which is fully issued and 
paid up of € 269,659,846.20 divided into 898,866,154 shares with a nominal value of €0.30. All shares 
are of the same class and issue with the same rights attached. 
The Bank is also registered in the Special Register of Banks and Bankers under code number 0128. 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation and the length of life of the guarantor, except where indefinite. 
The Bank was founded in the city of Madrid by notarised document executed on 4 June 1965 as a Spanish 
industrial bank following a joint venture by Banco de Santander and Bank of America under the name 
“Banco Intercontinental Español, S.A.” before Mr. Alejandro Bérgamo Llabrés, that was recorded with 
the Mercantile Registry of Madrid on 8 July, 1965., and commenced trading in 1973. 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of the guarantor, the legislation under which the guarantor operates, its 
country of incorporation, the address and telephone number of its registered office (or principal place 
of business if different from its registered office) and the website of the guarantor (if any). 
The Bank is domiciled in Spain and has the legal form of a limited liability company (Sociedad Anónima) 
and its activities are subject to special Spanish legislation governing credit institutions in general and the 
supervision, control and regulation of the Bank of Spain in particular. 
The Bank was incorporated in Spain and has its registered office at Paseo de la Castellana 29, 28046 
Madrid where the Bank has the principal operating headquarters. The telephone number of the principal 
operating headquarters of the Bank is + 34 91 339 7500. The Bank's website can be found at: 
www.bankinter.com.

--- Page 233 ---
- 233 - 
4.1.5 
Details of any recent events particular to the guarantor which are to a material extent relevant to the 
evaluation of the guarantor's solvency. 
There are no relevant recent events. 
Principal Capital Expenditures and Divestitures 
Acquisitions, Dispositions, Reorganisations  
Capital Increases 
There has no been capital increases of the Bank since 30 March 2014. 
Other Material Events  
The most significant transactions taking place during  the six month period between 1 January and 30 
June 2021 of 2021 are as follows:In April 2021, the resolution of the Annual General Meeting of 
Bankinter, S.A. of 19 March 2020, involving the distribution in kind of its entire share premium (1,184 
million euros), was executed. This involved the delivery to its shareholders of securities representing 
82.6% of the share capital of its subsidiary Línea Directa Aseguradora, S.A., Compañía de Seguros y 
Reaseguros. 
The impact of this distribution on "Profit or loss for the period" amounted to 895,732 thousand euros 
(910,797 thousand euros before tax) recognised under "Profit or (-) loss after tax from discontinued 
operations" in the consolidated interim income statement. 
In May 2021, the Annual General Meeting of Bankinter Capital Riesgo, S.G.E.I.C., S.A. agreed to its 
winding up and liquidation. The Bankinter Capital Riesgo I, FCR fund, which was managed by the 
former, was dissolved and liquidated in financial year 2020. 
Two new alternative investment vehicles were created during the first half of 2021: a) Bankinter 
Logística, S.A., for the acquisition of logistics assets; and b) Victoria Hotels & Resorts, S.L., for the 
acquisition of hotel assets. The Bank's institutional and private banking customers invest in these vehicles 
as shareholders.  
In June 2021, Bankinter issued subordinated debt (considered tier 2 for the purposes of capital adequacy 
regulations) in the amount of 750 million euros, for a term of 11 and a half years (to 23 December 2032) 
with a call redemption option after 6 and a half years, on 23 December 2027. The interest rate on this 
issue is 1.25%. 
COVID-19  
The health crisis caused by the COVID-19 coronavirus continued in the first half of 2021, forcing all 
countries to take measures that have affected the normal course of the national and international 
economy. The pandemic and the measures taken to fight it have had a material impact on the Group’s 
activity and businesses . 
More than a year after the declaration of the state of emergency, it is proven that the remedy in the form 
of vaccines is beign effective, even against the new variants of the virus that have been emerging. 
Consequently, the prospects of a return to normality are becoming ever clearer. This is also reflected in 
the economic projections published by a range of organisations, particularly the European Central Bank 
and national authorities, which show increasing optimism about the rate of recovery in economic activity 
and, especially, employment. 
Therefore, the extreme uncertainty that has characterised this crisis since it emerged seems to be much 
reduced, pointing to a near future of growth. This is also being driven by the approval on 16 June by the 
European Commission of the national recovery plans presented by Spain and Portugal. This will enable 
the application, between 2021 and 2026, of 70 billion euros in aid and 70 billion euros in loans to Spain, 
and 14 billion euros of aid and 2.6 billion euros of loans to Portugal, from the Next Generation EU fund. 
However, there are still sources of uncertainty that must continue to consider carefully, as the fall in 
activity was not uniform across all sectors and neither will the pace of recovery be. One of the

--- Page 234 ---
- 234 - 
characteristics of the coronavirus crisis is what has been referred to as the sectoral asymmetry of its 
effects. Some sectors have seen the normal course of their activity seriously disturbed, with some still 
being subject to restrictive measures. Although the outlook is certainly promising, the reality is that there 
have been significant falls in income and, in general, higher levels of indebtedness have accumulated. 
This situation also affects households whose income comes directly or indirectly from the activities hit 
hardest by the pandemic. 
This is why it is necessary to maintain the support needed by businesses that can be considered viable. 
This has led the Spanish Government to complement the legislative measures implemented in 20202 
with Royal Decrees 3/2021 and 5/2021: 
The first of these was published on 2 February 2021 and extends the period for requesting new 
moratoriums and extensions to the term of existing ones until 31 March, in line with the European 
Banking Authority 's latest revision of its guidelines on moratoriums, issued on 2 December3. The 
maximum term of the new aid that can be requested or for extensions is limited to 9 months. 
RD 5/2021, of 12 March, introduces extraordinary measures to support business solvency, to keep 
sustainable businesses that have been seriously affected by the health crisis afloat. This involves support 
of 11 billion euros earmarked for direct aid (7 billion euros), financial debt restructuring support for 
companies (3 billion euros) and the establishment of a recapitalisation fund (1 billion euros) 
supplementing the fund already managed by SEPI. This Royal Decree sets out the actions being 
considered and announces the approval of a Code of Good Practices, which will set out the specific 
criteria for the implementation of these actions and coordination among creditors. 
The Code of Good Practices was approved by the Council of Ministers on 11 May and published on 13 
May 2021. Its core objective is to bolster the solvency of viable companies through debt guaranteed by 
the government, so that the survival of productive activity can be guaranteed. Three instruments have 
been proposed for this, subject to eligibility criteria: 
1. Extension of the terms of the guaranteed transactions, which will be mandatory at the request of the 
customer if they experience a drop in their turnover of more than 30% in 2020 compared to 2019. 
2. Conversion of guaranteed transactions into participating loans, maintaining the public guarantee. 
3. Debt reduction agreements. 
Application of the last two of these requires the debtor's income to have fallen by at least 30% between 
2019 and 2020, and the debtor to have made a loss in 2020. The amounts involved are limited by the 
provisions of section 3.1 of the European Commission's State Aid Temporary Framework. 
Its application requires the participation of all the entities that have voluntarily signed up to the Code of 
Good Practices, with a commitment to ensure the best use of public funds and assuming a part of the 
costs that may result from the sustainability agreements reached. 
Bankinter formally signed up to the Code of Good Practices on 1 June, in the hope that it will prove an 
effective instrument for facilitating the road to recovery. 
The Portuguese Government also implemented a package of similar aid measures in 2020, with the same 
objective. This involves moratoriums for individuals and companies and lines of support for the economy 
in response to COVID-19. This is coordinated by the Mutual Guarantee 
3 Guidelines on legislative and non-legislative moratoriums on loan repayments applied in the light of 
the COVID-19 crisis 
Companies (SGM). Compared to Spain, it gives considerably greater weight to the use of moratoriums. 
Considering the development of the pandemic in the early months of 2021, Decree-Law 22-C/2021 was 
approved on 22 March, introducing a 9-month extension of the grace periods for capital repayments, 
assuming acceptance in the sectors most affected, unless this is expressly waived. This Decree also 
extends the special scheme for granting guarantees by the Mutual Counter-guarantee Fund (SGM) for 12 
months. A new initiative was subsequently announced on 18 June to extend the expiry of the moratoriums 
for a further three months, until December 2021 (the end date for all moratoriums had been September

--- Page 235 ---
- 235 - 
2021) for companies and individuals in the most sensitive sectors. This proposal is pending authorisation 
from the European Banking Authority. 
The table below summarises the legislative and non-legislative moratoriums in the Bankinter Group at 
30 June, distinguishing between those that are still current and those for which the grace periods have 
expired: 
Credit Rating  
In June 2021, the credit rating agency S&P Global Ratings confirmed all Bankinter's credit ratings, 
improving its outlook from negative to stable. Therefore, the entity's long-term rating remains BBB+.  
4.1.6 
Credit ratings assigned to the guarantor at the request or with the cooperation of the guarantor in the 
rating process. A brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider 
Agency 
Date 
Long Term 
Short Term 
Outlook 
DBRS 
16/11/2021 
A (low) 
R-1 (low) 
Stable 
Moodys 
18/07/2019 
Baa1 
P-2 
Stable 
S&P Global ratings 
24/06/2021 
BBB+ 
A-2 
Stable 
 
4.1.7 
Information on the material changes in the guarantor’s borrowing and funding structure since the 
last financial year 
There has been no material changes in the Bank's borrowing and funding structure since 30 September 
2021. 
4.1.8 
Description of the expected financing of the guarantor’s activities 
With regard to wholesale funding, at September 2021, the outstanding maturities of issues placed among 
wholesale customers through to 2022 totalled 1,000 million euros, thus giving Bankinter more than 
24,700 million euros in liquidity according to LCR -HQLA-, with this cash on hand and at banks split 
between Central Banks (18,537 million euros) and Treasury securities (6,173 million euros). A total of 
1,862 million euros is available under Central Bank facilities, while other available assets other than level 
1 amount to 126 million euros. The Bank also has a bond issuing capacity of 6,177 million to meet its 
liquidity needs (2,300 million in September 2020 and 6,000 million in December 2019). 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1 
Principal activities. 
5.1.1 
(a) 
A brief description of the guarantor's principal activities stating the main categories of 
products sold and/or services performed.  
Financial information by segment 
Description of segments 
The supreme authority when it comes to operational decision-making is the management committee of Bankinter, 
S.A. The main segments into which the Bank organises its business activities are described below:  
- Commercial retail banking encompasses the following, due to the similarity of the nature of the products and 
services offered, the type of customers targeted and the distribution methods:  
- Private Banking: a line of business specialising in integrated asset and investment advisory and management 
services. It comprises customers with financial assets held with and outside Bankinter in excess of 1 million euros.

--- Page 236 ---
- 236 - 
- Personal Banking: Customers not included in Private Banking and who have: 
 
 • household income in excess of 70,000 euros 
 
 • Funds + securities + brokerage of between 75,000 euros and 1 million euros 
 
 • Financial assets held with or outside Bankinter of between 75,000 euros and 1,000,000 euros  
- Individual Retail Banking: includes the products and services offered to domestic economies. Other individuals  
- Foreigners: Non-Spanish European customers of any of the following organisations: Catalonia, Eastern Spain-
Balearic Islands, Andalusia, or Canary Islands.  
- Corporate Banking: offers specialised services aimed at large enterprises, the public sector, and medium and 
small enterprises. Because of the similar nature of the products and services offered, the category of target 
customers and the distribution methods, this segment encompasses all of the Bank’s activity with companies.  
- Consumer finance: encompasses the consumer finance business managed mainly by Bankinter Consumer 
Finance, E.F.C., S.A., in the form of credit cards and consumer loans. Customers in this segment may be either 
exclusive or shared with the Commercial Retail Banking segment.  
- Bankinter Portugal: Bankinter operates in Portugal through the Individual Retail Banking, Private Banking and 
Corporate Banking businesses, which were acquired from Barclays on 1 April 2016. 
- Other Businesses comprises the following segments: 
• Coinc, banking with fully digital customers.  
• Net interest income and Gains or losses on financial assets and liabilities generated by the Institutional Portfolio. 
• Differences between the analytical accounting records and the general accounting records.  
• The activity of EVO Banco and Avantcard, both acquired in 2019. 
The net interest income of the different segments is calculated by applying both the corresponding interest income 
and expenses as well as the funding cost —meaning the profitability or return offered by the debt issued, which 
is applied to cover the customer funding gap— to their assets and liabilities.  The fees charged or paid are assigned 
directly to the segments that generate them. The same process is adopted for distributing Other operating 
income/expenses, which includes items such as the Deposit Guarantee Fund. Gross operating income is the result 
of the aggregation of the above items. 
Transformation costs include staff costs plus other administrative expenses and depreciation and amortisation 
expenses, which are distributed between segments. 
Costs incurred in the acquisition of assets include the total cost incurred during the financial year to acquire assets 
for the segment whose duration is expected to exceed one year. 
Financial Overview 
Income and Expenses 
Net profit for Bankinter Group in 2021 totalled 1,333.1 million euros, which includes a 895.7 million euro gain 
on Línea Directa Aseguradora’s successful IPO. 
Stripping out this capital gain, recurring net profit for the Group amounted to 437.4 million euros, with Línea 
Directa contributing four months to revenue. This marks a 37.9% increase from 2020. 
Bankinter achieved a CAGR for profit after tax from 2012 to 2021 of 15%, despite the low level of earnings in 
2020 caused by extraordinary provisions. 
Among the main ratios, return on equity (RoE) excluding the capital gain from Línea Directa was 9.6%, leaving 
an RoTE of 10.2% and compared to an RoE of 7.03% in 2020. The ratio that year was undermined by the higher 
provisions recognised against a worse macroeconomic outlook because of the pandemic.

--- Page 237 ---
- 237 - 
Turning to capital, Bankinter ended the year with a CET1 fully-loaded capital ratio of 12.1%, well clear of the 
ECB’s 7.68% requirement. 
The NPL ratio stood at 2.24%, down 13 basis points from the year-earlier figure, with little impact from the end 
of the mortgage moratoriums. The NPL coverage ratio was 63.56%, an improvement of 302 basis points from 
year-end 2020. 
Turning to liquidity, Bankinter has a negative customer funding gap, with a deposit-to-loan ratio of 108.5%. 
Leveraging this soundness, this year Bank resumed its traditional shareholder remuneration policy of paying two 
dividends out of 2021 recurring profit: the first in October, for a total amount of 119.78 million euros, and the 
second in December, for 46.26 million euros, leaving a pay out of 50%, entirely in cash. 
In the Corporate Banking business, lending volume amounted to 28,700 million euros, with growth in the loan 
book in Spain of 1% compared to an average decline for the sector of 1.4% according to figures by Banco de 
España through to November. Higher organic growth in loans to companies in 2021 boosted the Bank’s market 
share to 5.4% from 5.3% in 2020.  
As for the Commercial and Retail Banking business for individuals, the Bank posted strong growth in all customer 
segments, led by Private Banking and Personal Banking. Assets under management (AuM) of Private Banking 
customers reached 49,900 million euros, up from 42,800 million euros in 2020, with net new assets for the year 
of 3,600 million. Private Banking AuM grew by more than 60% between 2016 and 2021. The volume in Personal 
Banking, the segment immediately below, totalled 29,800 million euros, with 2,800 million euros of new net 
assets. All Commercial and Retail Banking products, above all those with the greatest capacity to bring in new 
customers, performed just as well. Thanks to a trend that is holding up over time, the Bank achieved a 2.7-fold 
increase in the portfolio between 2016 and 2021, cementing the success of an industry leading product whose 
terms and conditions have not changed in nearly 10 years. Elsewhere, 2021 was one of the best years ever for 
Bankinter’s mortgage business, with new loans - including EVO Banco - of 5,900 million euros, a 58% increase 
from the year before.  
The total mortgage portfolio stood at around 31,300 million euros. Growth in the mortgage loan book in Spain 
alone was 8.6%, compared to the sector average of 1.3% according to Banco de España figures through to 
November. Market share in new transactions reached 9%. In the Asset Management business, customers were 
delighted with the Bank’s commercial and advisory activity in the current interest rate environment.  
Off-balance-sheet managed funds were 26.9% higher than at the end of 2020, at 39,533.6million euros. Growth 
was particularly strong in investment funds, both proprietary and third-party, rising 30% in the year to 29,800 
million euros. Some Bankinter Asset Management funds were among the year’s most profitable in their respective 
categories. The investment banking business, overseen by Bankinter Investment, has launched 16 investment 
vehicles in diverse economic sectors, mobilising 3,200 million euros of capital of over 3,000 private banking and 
institutional customers. Meanwhile, structured financing volume stand at 4,000 million euros. Overall, Bankinter 
obtained gross operating income of 187 million euros in 2021, up from 116 million euros the year before.  
Meanwhile, Bankinter Portugal had an equally successful year, reporting profit before tax of 50 million euros and 
growth in all business indicators and margins. The loan book grew by 6% to 6,900 million euros, while customer 
deposits increased by 23% to 5,900 million euros. Off-balance sheet assets under management increased by 22% 
to 4,400 million euros. This enabled Bankinter Portugal to deliver increases compared to 2020 of 5% in net interest 
income, to 99 million euros, and of 10% in gross operating income, to 152 million euros, driven by the good 
performance of fee and commission income, which totalled 61 million euros.  
Bankinter Consumer Finance, the brand under which the Consumer business is operated, ended the year with a 
loan book of 3,500 million euros, 23% higher than in December 2020. New origination in the year amounted to 
1,500 million euros, reflecting the rebound in household consumption alongside an improvement in the overall 
economy. Consumer loans accounted for 1,900 million euros, while the rest relates to cards, in their various types, 
and to the mortgages marketed in Ireland.  
The activity carried out in Ireland, through the Avant Money brand, expanded considerably in 2021, with 1,000 
million euros in the loan book at year-end, of which 400 million euros were new mortgages. Despite just having 
started up this business there recently, the Bank has already become a major player in this market. Avant Money’s 
NPL ratio is 0.6%.

--- Page 238 ---
- 238 - 
Meanwhile, EVO Banco continues to bolster its positioning among younger and more digital customers, with a 
total of 678,000 customers at the end of December. Total lending at year-end stood at 1,860 million euros, up 
from 1,224 million euros in 2020. New mortgages awarded in the year totalled 729 million euros, compared to 
395 million euros the year before, which gives an idea of how much the digital bank has turned round this business. 
Segmented information at the end of 2021 and 2020 is presented below (non-audited): 
Thousands of euros  
31/12/2021 
31/12/2022 
Variation Amount 
% 
Customer segments 
1.582.632 
1.515.391 
67.241 
4,44% 
 Commercial & Private Banking 
663.225 
597.271 
65.954 
11,04% 
 Corporate Banking 
621.936 
608.509 
13.427 
2,21% 
 BK Consumer Finance 
297.471 
309.611 
-12.140 
-3,92% 
Bankinter Portugal 
152.115 
138.165 
13.950 
10,10% 
EVO 
24.046 
21.060 
2.986 
14,18% 
Capital Markets 
217.968 
223.055 
-5.087 
-2,28% 
Corporate Center 
-121.434 
-188.631 
67.197 
-35,65 
Gross operating income 
1.855.327 
1.709.040 
146.287 
8,56% 
 
The net interest income of the different segments is calculated by applying to their assets and liabilities the transfer 
prices in line with current market rates. Returns on equity instruments, the profit or loss of equity-accounted 
entities, and fees charged and paid are assigned directly to the segment that generates them.  The same process is 
adopted for distributing Results from financial transactions and forex differences and other operating 
income/expenses. Gross operating income is the result of the aggregation of the above items. 
Transformation costs include both direct and indirect costs and are distributed between segments according to the 
internal use of these services.  
Costs incurred in the acquisition of assets include the total cost incurred during the financial year to acquire assets 
for the segment whose duration is expected to exceed one year. 
The main figures for each segment are shown below. 
Commercial Retail Banking 
 
Thousands of euros 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Dif. 20/19 % 
Net interest income 
362.199  
357.408 
316.211 
1,34% 
Gross Operating Income 
595.809  
579.024 
540.740 
2,90% 
Gross Profit/(Loss) 
226.328 
336.330 
340.607 
-32,71% 
Net interest income for the commercial retail banking segment grew by 1.34% in 2020 as a result of a reduction 
in the cost of funds and keeping the line with recent years. This led to an increase of 2.9% in gross operating 
income. 
Commercial retail banking represented 29.05% of Bankinter Group's total gross operating income at the close of 
FY 2020. 
Corporate Banking 
Thousands of euros  
2020 
2019 
2018 
Dif. 20/19 %

--- Page 239 ---
- 239 - 
Net interest income 
423.914 
388.691 
416.697 
9,06% 
Gross operating income 
609.109 
570.891 
575.918 
6,69% 
Gross Profit/(Loss) 
212.490 
355.222 
364.583 
-40,18% 
The net interest income of Corporate banking grew a 9.06% respect 2019. The gross operating income also grew 
a 6.69% compared to the previous year (-0.87%).  
Corporate banking represented 35.65% of Bankinter Group's total gross operating income at the close of FY 2020. 
Bankinter Consumer Finance 
Thousands of euros 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Dif. 20/19 % 
Net interest income 
235.668 
264.034 
220.055 
-10,74% 
 
Gross operating income 
232.672 
257.047 
210.229 
-9,48% 
Gross Profit/(Loss) 
36.509 
123.162 
99.083 
-70,36% 
The results of Bankinter Consumer Finance in Spain, Portugal and Ireland reflect the impact of the pandemic on 
household spending, which fell during the months of the lockdown and as a result of travel restrictions and the 
general downturn in economic activity. Even so, the loan book figures are similar to those of the previous year: 
€2,900 million with a controlled NPL ratio of 6.2%. Within this business, Avantcard consolidated its position in 
the Irish market as one of the leading consumer operators and expanded its business to include mortgages through 
the new brand Avant Money. 
Bankinter Consumer Finance represented 13.61% of Bankinter Group's total gross operating income at the close 
of FY 2020. 
Bankinter Portugal 
Thousands of euros 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Dif. 20/19 % 
Net interest income 
94.035 
85.143 
82.354 
10,44% 
Gross operating income 
138.165 
122.697 
119.570 
12,61% 
Gross Profit/(Loss) 
45.132 
65.627 
60.183 
-31,23% 
Bankinter Portugal experienced a similar upward trend in its customer business, with its loan book ending the 
year up 7% at €6,600 million. Customer deposits grew by 6% to €4,800 million, while off-balance-sheet managed 
funds amounted to €3,600 million, an increase of 2%.  
Margins saw double-digit increases: 10% in net interest income and 13% in gross operating income, driven by the 
strong performance of fees and commissions. However, profit before tax was 31% lower at €45 million, mainly 
because the Bank is no longer reversing provisions, as in previous years, but has started recognising them. 
Bankinter Portugal represented 8.08% of Bankinter Group's total gross operating income at the close of FY 2020. 
- 
Geographical business location 
Bankinter Group conducts its business in Spain, except its subsidiary Bankinter Luxembourg S.A., which conducts 
its business in another European Union member state, Luxembourg, and the Bankinter branches in Portugal, 
which, since the acquisition of a part of Barclays Bank PLC’s banking business in Portugal was completed on 1 
April 2016, conduct their business in another European Union member state, Portugal, and, since 1 June 2019, 
Ireland, following the acquisition of 100% of EVO BANCO, S.A.U. share capital and, consequently, of its 
consumer finance subsidiary in Ireland, Avantcard DAC.

--- Page 240 ---
- 240 - 
Most of its business volume, i.e., its gross operating income, comes from the Spanish market. At the end of 2020, 
the contribution by country to gross operating income was as follows: 
                      Figures at 31 December 2020 
Turnover (in thousands of euros) 
Spain 
1,500,457 
Luxembourg 
12,869 
Portugal 
138,165 
Ireland 
57,549 
Total 
1,709,040 
 
 
5.2. 
A description of: (a) any material adverse change in the prospects of the guarantor since the date of 
its last published audited financial statements; (b) any significant change in the financial performance 
of the group since the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been 
published to the date of the Base Prospectus. If neither of the above are applicable then the guarantor 
shall include an appropriate statement to the effect that no such changes exist. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor and there has been no significant 
change in the financial performance of the Bankinter Group since 31 December 2021. 
Information on any known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely 
to have a material effect on the guarantor's prospects for at least the current financial year. 
The global financial services sector is likely to remain competitive with a large number of financial service 
providers and alternative distribution channels. Additionally, consolidation in the sector (through mergers, 
acquisitions or alliances) is likely to occur as other major banks look to increase their market share, combine 
complementary businesses or strengthen their balance sheets. In addition, regulatory changes will take place in 
the future that the Group expects will increase the overall level of regulation in the markets. 
The following are the most important trends, uncertainties and events that are reasonably likely to have a material 
adverse effect on the Group or that would cause the disclosed financial information not to be indicative of its 
future operating results or our financial condition: 
 
Economic and Industry Conditions 
 
general economic or industry conditions in Spain, the UK, the U.S., other European countries, Brazil, other 
Latin American countries and the other areas where the Group has significant operations or investments; 
 
effects of the covid-19 pandemic in the global economy; 
 
exposure to various market risks, principally including interest rate risk, foreign exchange rate risk, equity 
price risk and risks associated with the replacement of benchmark indices; 
 
a worsening of the economic environment in Spain, the UK, the U.S., other European countries, Brazil, other 
Latin American countries and the other areas where it has significant operations or investments, and increase 
of the volatility in the capital markets; 
 
the effects of a decline in real estate prices, particularly in Spain and the UK; 
 
the effects of results of UK political developments, including the UK’s exit from the European Union; 
 
monetary and interest rate policies of the ECB and various central banks; 
 
inflation or deflation; 
 
the effects of non-linear market behaviour that cannot be captured by linear statistical models, such as the 
VaR model the Group uses; 
 
changes in competition and pricing environments; 
 
the inability to hedge some risks economically;

--- Page 241 ---
- 241 - 
 
changes in demographics, consumer spending, investment or saving habits; 
 
potential losses from early repayments on its loan and investment portfolio, declines in value of collateral 
securing its loan portfolio, and counterparty risk; and 
 
changes in competition and pricing environments as a result of the progressive adoption of the internet for 
conducting financial services and/or other factors. 
 
Political and Governmental Factors 
 
political stability in Spain, the UK, the U.S., other European countries, Brazil, other Latin American 
countries and the other areas where the Group has significant operations or investments; 
 
changes in Spanish, UK, EU, U.S., Latin American, or other jurisdictions’ legislation, regulations or taxes, 
including changes in regulatory capital and liquidity requirements, especially in view of the UK exit of the 
EU; and 
 
increased regulation in response to financial crises. 
 
Transaction and Commercial Factors 
 
damage to the Group's reputation; 
 
acquisitions or restructurings of businesses that may not perform in accordance with the Group's expectations 
and its ability to integrate successfully its acquisitions and related challenges that result from the inherent 
diversion of management’s focus and resources from other strategic opportunities and operational matters; 
and 
 
the outcome of its negotiations with business partners and governments. 
 
Operating Factors 
 
the adequacy of loss reserves; 
 
potential losses associated with an increase in the level of impairment by counterparties to other types of 
financial instruments; 
 
technical difficulties and/or failure to improve or upgrade the Group's information technology; 
 
changes in the Group's access to liquidity and funding on acceptable terms, including as a result of credit 
spread shifts or downgrades in its credit ratings or those of its more significant subsidiaries; 
 
its exposure to operational losses (e.g., failed internal or external processes, people and systems); 
 
changes in its ability to recruit, retain and develop appropriate senior management and skilled personnel; 
 
the occurrence of force majeure, such as natural disasters, epidemics and pandemics, including the covid-19 
pandemic, that impact its operations or impair the asset quality of its loan portfolio;  
 
the impact of changes in the composition of the Group's balance sheet on future interest income / (charges); 
and 
 
potential losses associated with cyber-attacks. 
6. 
PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES 
6.1 
If the Guarantor chooses to include a profit forecast or a profit estimate (which is still outstanding 
and valid), such forecast or estimate must contain the information items 8.1 and 8.3. 
The Guarantor has not included a profit forecast or profit estimate in this Base Prospectus. 
7. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES

--- Page 242 ---
- 242 - 
7.1. 
Names, business addresses and functions in the guarantor of the following persons, and an indication 
of the principal activities performed by them outside the guarantor where these are significant with 
respect to the guarantor:  
(a) 
members of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies; and 
(b)   
partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a limited partnership with a share capital. 
 
The Bylaws of the Guarantor (Article 41) provide that the maximum number of Directors is 15 and the 
minimum number 5. 
 
The Board of Managers of the Guarantor is presently made up of 11 directors.  
 
The table below sets out, at the date of this Base Prospectus, the names of the members of the Board of 
Managers, the dates of their respective appointment, positions within the Guarantor, membership type, and 
principal activities outside the Guarantor: 
 
Initial appointment/  
most 
recent 
re-
election 
End 
of 
mandate 
Status 
Function 
Current non-Bankinter 
management positions 
Management positions 
over past five years.  
Chairman 
Pedro 
Guerrero 
Guerrero   
 
(Year of birth: 1953) 
13.04.2000 /  
21.04.2021 
2025 
External 
Other 
external 
directors (1) 
Chairman of the board of 
managers and member of 
the executive committee 
and 
of 
the 
audit 
committee 
Director of Corporación 
Villanueva, S.A. and of 
Prosegur Cash, S.A.  
He has been director of: 
Prosegur, S.A. from 2005 
to 2017. 
He was director of Línea 
Directa 
Aseguradora, 
S.A. 
de 
Seguros 
y 
Reaseguros 
Vice-chairman 
Cartival, S.A.  
(*) 
(Company 
incorporated 
in 
1989) 
 
26.06.1997 
/ 
22.03.2018 
  2022 
Executive 
Vice Chairman of the 
board/Chairman of the 
executive committee 
 
 
CEO 
Dolores 
Dancausa 
Treviño 
 
(Year of birth: 1958) 
 
21.10.2010/21.03.20
19 
2023 
Executive 
CEO/Member 
of 
the 
executive committee 
Chairman of Bankinter 
subsidiaries: EVO Banco, 
S.A., 
Bankinter 
Consumer Finance EFC, 
S.A., Avantcard, DAC 
and 
Bankinter 
Global 
Services 
She was a director of 
Esure until 2018 and of 
Línea 
Directa 
Aseguradora, 
SA, 
de 
Seguros 
y Reaseguros 
until 2021 
Director  
Marcelino 
Botín-
Sanz de Sautuola y 
Naveda (**) 
 
(Year of birth: 1962) 
21.04.2005/  
21.04.2021 
2025 
External 
proprietary 
Member 
of 
the 
appointments, 
sustainability 
and 
corporate 
governance 
committee 
 
 
Director  
Fernando Masaveu 
Herrero (***) 
 
(Year of birth: 1966) 
14.09.2005/21.04.21  
 2025 
External 
proprietary 
Member of the executive 
committee 
and 
remuneration committee 
Chairman of Corporación 
Masaveu, S.A. (and board 
member 
of 
other 
companies belonging to 
its group), and of Energías 
de Portugal, S.A.   
 
Director 
María Teresa Pulido 
Mendoza 
 
(Year of birth: 1964) 
18.03.2015/21.03.20
19 
2023 
Independent 
external 
Board member 
Member 
of 
the 
management 
committee 
of Ferrovial  
 
Director 
Teresa 
Martín-
Retortillo Rubio 
 
(Year of birth: 1967) 
07.11.2017/  
22.03.2018 
2022 
Independent 
external 
Chairwoman of the risk 
and 
compliance 
committee, member of 
the 
remuneration 
committee and of the 
appointments 
and 
corporate 
governance 
committee 
Chairman 
of 
IE 
Exponential Learning 
 
Director 
María Luisa Jordá 
Castro 
 
21.03.2019 
2023 
Independent 
external 
Chairwoman of the audit 
and 
regulatory 
compliance committee, 
Independent director of 
the following companies: 
Orange España, Grupo 
She also sat on the board 
of Banco Europeo de 
Finanzas 
until 
March 
2019

--- Page 243 ---
- 243 - 
(Year of birth: 1963) 
sustainability committee 
and risk committee 
Bimbo 
and 
Merlin 
Properties 
Director 
Álvaro 
Álvarez-
Alonso Plaza 
 
(Year of birth: 1941) 
21.03.2019 
2023 
Independent 
external 
Chairman 
of 
the 
remuneration committee 
and 
member 
of 
the 
appointments, 
sustainability 
and 
corporate 
governance 
committee, the audit and 
regulatory 
compliance 
committee and the risk 
committee 
 
 
Director 
Fernando 
José 
Francés Pons 
 
(Year of birth: 1941) 
19.03.2020 
2024 
Independent 
external 
Member of the executive 
committee, remuneration 
committee 
and 
audit 
committee 
 
He founded Everis and 
was its chairman until 
March 2018. 
Director 
Cristina García-Peri 
Álvarez 
 
(Year of birth: 1963) 
21.04.2021 
2025 
Independent 
external 
Chairman 
of 
the 
appointments, 
sustainability 
and 
corporate 
governance 
committee and member 
of 
the 
risk 
and 
compliance committee 
Managing Partner 
AZORA CAPITAL  
 
Member of the board of 
managers of Bankinter 
subsidiary, EVO Banco. 
  
 
 
Mrs Gloria Calvo Díaz is the Secretary of the Board of Managers (non-director). 
There are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Guarantor of any of the members of 
the Board of Managers referred to above and their respective private interests and/or other duties. 
Executive Committee 
The permanent delegation of powers to the executive committee and the resolutions to appoint its members require 
the vote of at least two thirds of the board members.  
The board of director’s permanent delegation of powers to the executive committee comprises all of the board’s 
powers, except those that may not by delegated pursuant to the provisions of law, the corporate by-laws and the 
board regulations.  
Irrespective of this delegation of powers, the executive committee is expressly and permanently empowered to:  
1. 
authorise general credit transactions, up to the limit set by the Board of Managers. Transactions involving 
directors, senior officers and other related transactions are excluded from this delegation of powers and 
must be approved by a fully-formed Board of Managers; 
2. 
authorise new businesses and individual transactions, provided they are non-strategic and do not carry 
any special tax risk for the Company or its Group; 
3. 
monitor the different businesses, types of customers and their segmentation across the Bank, the Bank’s 
sales networks and organisations, as well as the products and services offered, all in line with the strategic 
plan or business plan approved by the Board of Managers for such purpose;  
4. 
monitor any significant changes in the shareholding structure. 
The executive committee shall report to the Board of Managers on all matters discussed and all decisions taken at 
its meetings, and it shall make copies of the related minutes available to board members. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Executive Committee is composed of the following six members:  
Name 
Position 
Cartival, S.A. (represented by Mr Alfonso Botín-Sanz 
de Sautuola y Naveda) 
Chairman (Executive)

--- Page 244 ---
- 244 - 
Name 
Position 
Mrs María Dolores Dancausa Treviño 
Member (Executive) 
Mr Pedro Guerrero Guerrero 
Member (External) 
Mr Fernando Maseveu Herrero 
Member (External Proprietary) 
Mr Fernando José Francés Pons 
Member (External Independent) 
Mrs Gloria Calvo Díaz 
Secretary 
 
The resolutions adopted by the Executive Committee do not require subsequent ratification by a meeting of the 
Board of Manageres, although the Executive Committee informs the Board of Managers about the matters dealt 
with and the decisions adopted in its meetings. 
 
Audit Committee 
The powers and duties of the Audit Committee are set out in article 39 of the Rules and Regulations of the Board 
of Managers, as well as in the committee’s own regulations, both of which are available on Bankinter’s corporate 
website (Rules and Regulations of the Board of Manageres) (Rules and Regulations of the Remuneration 
Committee). 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Audit Committee was composed of the following five members:  
Name 
Position 
Mrs María Luisa Jordá Castro 
Chairman (External Independent) 
Mr Pedro Guerrero Guerrero 
Member (External) 
Mr Fernando José Francés Pons 
Member (External Independent) 
Mr Álvaro Álvarez Alonso Plaza 
Member (External Independent) 
Mrs Gloria Calvo Díaz 
Secretary 
 
Risk and Compliance Committee 
The Risk and Compliance Committee monitors the market and the operational credit risks affecting the 
Guarantor’s activity. It continuously evaluates the overall risk assumed by the Guarantor and its risk strategy and 
contributes to establish rationale compensation policies and practices. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Risk and Compliance Committee is composed of the following four 
members:  
Name 
Position 
Mrs Teresa Martín-Retortillo Rubio 
Chairman (External Independent) 
 Mr Álvaro Álvarez-Alonso Plaza 
Member (External Independent) 
Mrs Cristina García-Peri Álvarez 
Member (External Independent) 
Mrs María Luisa Jordá Castro 
Member (External Independent) 
Mrs Gloria Calvo Díaz 
Secretary

--- Page 245 ---
- 245 - 
 
Remuneration Committee 
The role of the Remuneration Committee is largely informative and consultative. Its principal duty is to assist the 
Board of Managers in its function of implementing and overseeing the compensation of Directors and Senior 
Management of the Group.   
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Remuneration Committee is composed of the following six members:  
Name 
Position 
Mr Álvaro Álvarez-Alonso Plaza 
Chairman (External Independent) 
Mr Fernando Maseveu Herrero 
Member (External Proprietary) 
Mrs Teresa Martín-Retortillo Rubio  
Member (External Independent) 
Mr Fernando Francés Pons 
Member (External Independent) 
Mrs Gloria Calvo Díaz 
Secretary 
 
Appointments, Sustainability and Corporate Governance Committee 
The role of the Appointments, Sustainability and Corporate Governance Committee is largely informative and 
consultative.  Its principal duties are to assist the Board of Managers in its function of the appointment, re-election, 
termination and compensation of Directors and Senior Management of the Group, to ensure that the Directors 
receive all necessary information for the proper discharge of their duties, to evaluate the Board of Managers and 
its committees, and to ensure that the Issuer’s rules of governance are observed. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Appointments and Corporate Governance Committee is composed of 
the following six members:  
Name 
Position 
Mrs Cristina García-Peri Álvarez 
Chairman (External Independent) 
Mr Marcelino Botín-Sanz de Sautuola y Naveda 
Member (External Proprietary) 
Mrs Teresa Martín-Retortillo Rubio  
Member (External Independent) 
Mr Álvaro Álvarez-Alonso Plaza 
Member (External Independent) 
Mrs Gloria Calvo Díaz 
Secretary 
 
 
Senior Management 
The following table lists the Senior Management of the Guarantor. 
Name 
Position 
Fernando Moreno Marcos 
Head of corporate banking 
Marta Centeno Robles 
Head of digital banking  
Jacobo Díaz García 
Chief financial officer

--- Page 246 ---
- 246 - 
 Gloria Ortiz Portero 
General manager of commercial retail banking 
 Gloria Calvo Díaz 
General secretary and secretary of the Board of 
Managers 
Íñigo Guerra Azcona 
Head of investment banking 
Julio Gabriel Zapatero Gaviria 
Chief risk officer/CRO 
D. Francisco Martínez García 
Head of internal audit 
 
There are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Gurantors of any of the members of 
the Senior Management referred to above and their respective private interests and/or other duties. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Managers and the other members of the Guarantor’s 
management mentioned above is Paseo de la Castellana 29, Madrid. 
7.2. Administrative, management, and supervisory bodies conflicts of interests. Potential conflicts of interests 
between any duties to the issuing entity of the persons referred to in item 8.1 and their private interests and or 
other duties must be clearly stated. In the event that there are no such conflicts, make a statement to that effect.  
There are no conflicts of interest between the private interests of the people mentioned in the above section and 
Bankinter in the terms set out in the Spanish Companies Act. 
In the specific case of Bankinter’s directors, conflicts of interest are regulated by article 19 of the Rules and 
Regulations of the Board of Managers. This article makes it compulsory for directors to inform the Audit and 
Committee of any conflicts of interest they may have with Bankinter as soon as they detect the existence or 
possibility of such a situation. Directors concerned in a conflict of interest must refrain from participating in any 
related debates, decision-making and transactions. 
Aside from the external proprietary directors indicated in the above section, no members of Bankinter’s Board of 
Managers or senior management have been appointed to their position by virtue of any type of agreement or 
understanding with significant shareholders, customers, providers or anyone else.  
Lastly, according to the information held by Bankinter, none of the people mentioned in the above section who 
own Bankinter securities are subject to any temporary restriction on their free disposal. 
For more information, you can consult the corporate governance report, published on the company’s website 
(https://webcorporativa.bankinter.com/www/en-es/cgi/ebk+gwc+home) and on the website of the CNMV. 
8.  
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
8.1. 
To the extent known to the guarantor, state whether the guarantor is directly or indirectly owned or 
controlled and by whom, and describe the nature of such control, and describe the measures in place to ensure 
that such control is not abused. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor’s direct and indirect significant shareholders are the following: 
SIGNIFICANT (*) 
DIRECT 
INDIRECT 
TOTAL 
% 
LAZARD ASSET MANAGEMENT INC. (1) 
0 
27,254,415 
27,254,415 
3.032 
BLACKROCK INC. (1) 
0 
27,080,188  
27,080,188 
3.013 
FIDELITY INTERNATIONAL LIMITED (1) 
0 
19,105,976  
19,105,976  
2.126 
 
(*) The individual or legal entity is identified as the direct holder of the shares where their voting rights represent 
3% or more of the total, or 1% if the holder resides in a tax haven. 
 (1) Lazard Asset, Blackrock INC and Fidelity International Limited are all mutual fund management companies.

--- Page 247 ---
- 247 - 
Information regarding significant shareholders of the Guarantor can be found on the CNMV’s website 
(www.cnmv.es). 
Bankinter’s major shareholders do not have voting rights which are different from those held by the rest of its 
shareholders. 
The Guarantor does not know the existence of any natural or legal person which exercises or can exercise control 
over the Bank in terms of Article 5 of the Royal Legislative Decree Law 4/2015, of 23 October, for the approval 
of the consolidated text of the Securities Market Law). 
8.2. A description of any arrangements, known to the guarantor, the operation of which may at a subsequent 
date result in a change in control of the guarantor. 
The Bank is not aware of any arrangements the operation of which may at a date subsequent to that of the date 
hereof result in a change in control of the Guarantor. 
9.  
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE GUARANTOR'S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
9.1. Historical financial information 
(Note item 9.1.1 below encompasses items 9.1.1 to 9.1.5)  
9.1.1. Audited historical financial information prepared according to International Financial Reporting 
Standards covering the latest two financial years and the audit report in respect of each year. If the guarantor 
has changed its accounting reference date during the period for which historical financial information is 
required, the audited historical financial information shall cover at least 24 months, or the entire period for 
which the guarantor has been in operation, whichever is shorter.  
9.1.3. The last audited historical financial information, containing comparative information for the previous 
year, must be presented and prepared in a form consistent with the accounting standards framework that will 
be adopted in the guarantor’s next published annual financial statements. Changes within the issuer’s existing 
accounting framework do not require the audited financial statements to be restated. However, if the guarantor 
intends to adopt a new accounting standards framework in its next published financial statements, the latest 
year of financial statements must be prepared and audited in line with the new framework. 
9.1.3.Where the audited financial information is prepared according to national accounting standards, the 
financial information required under this heading must include at least the following:  
 
the balance sheet;  
 
the income statement;  
 
the cash flow statement;  
 
the accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
The Guarantor’s historical financial information included in the 2021 Universal Registration Document has been 
prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, taking into account relevant circulars and subsequent amendments. 
9.1.4. Financial statements: If the guarantor prepares both own and consolidated financial statements, include 
at least the consolidated financial statements in this Base Prospectus. 
 
The Guarantor prepares audited consolidated annual financial statements under the IFRS-EU and non-
consolidated annual financial statements under Spanish Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), 
the English translations of the audited consolidated annual financial statements for the years ended 2019 and 
2020 are incorporated by reference under paragraph (b)(1) of "Documents Incorporated by Reference". 
 
The consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Guarantor for the 2020 and 2019 
financial years were audited by the independent audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. There 
are no qualifications of the auditors in relation to the individual and consolidated annual financial statements 
of the Guarantor for the 2020 and 2019 financial years.

--- Page 248 ---
- 248 - 
 
The Guarantor also prepares condensed consolidated interim financial statements. The unaudited condensed 
consolidated interim Income Statement and Balance Sheet of the Guarantor as at and for the three months 
ended 30 September 2021 have been incorporated by reference under paragraph (b)(2) of "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference". Such financial statements were extracted from the internal accounting records 
of the Guarantor. 
9.1.5. The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial information may not be older than 18 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
The date of the most recent annual consolidated audited financial information of the Bank is 31 December 
2020. 
9.2.. Interim and other financial information. 
 
If the guarantor has published quarterly or half yearly financial information since the date of its last 
audited financial statements, these must be included in this Base Prospectus. If the quarterly or half yearly 
financial information has been reviewed or audited, the audit or review report must also be included. If 
the quarterly or half yearly financial information is unaudited or has not been reviewed, state that fact. 
 
If this Base Prospectus is dated more than nine months after the end of the last audited financial year, it 
must contain interim financial information, covering at least the first six months of the financial year. If 
the interim financial information is unaudited, state that fact. 
 
The interim financial information must include comparative statements for the same period in the prior 
financial year, except that the requirement for comparative balance sheet information may be satisfied by 
presenting the years-end balance sheet. 
 
See paragraph (b)(2) of "Documents Incorporated by Reference" above. 
 
The Base Prospectus is dated more than nine months after the end of the last audited financial year. The 
quarterly financial information dated as of 30 September 2021 is unadited. 
9.3.. Auditing of historical annual financial information. 
9.3.1.  
The historical annual financial information must be independently audited. The audit report shall be 
prepared in accordance with the Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. Where Directive 
2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 do not apply:  
(a)  
the historical financial information must be audited or reported on as to whether or not, for the 
purposes of the base prospectus, it gives a true and fair view in accordance with auditing standards applicable 
in a Member State (which for these purposes, includes the United Kingdom) or an equivalent standard. 
(b) 
if audit reports on the historical financial information contain qualifications, modifications of 
opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of matter, such qualifications, modifications, disclaimers or emphasis of 
matter must be reproduced in full and the reasons given. 
The individual and consolidated annual financial statements of Bankinter, S.A. for the 2019 and 2020 financial 
years were audited by the independent audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L.. 
There are no qualifications of the auditors in relation to the individual and consolidated 2019 and 2020 annual 
Financial Statements referred to above. 
9.3.2. 
An indication of other information relating to the guarantor in this Base Prospectus which has not 
been audited by the auditors 
The information contained in "Legal and arbitration proceedings" below is not audited and was obtained from 
the internal accounting records and management records of the Guarantor. 
9.4.  
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
9.4.1. 
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the guarantor is aware), during a period covering at least the

--- Page 249 ---
- 249 - 
previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the guarantor and/or 
group's financial position or profitability, or provide an appropriate negative statement.  
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Guarantor is aware) which may have, or have had in the previous 12 months, significant 
effects on the Guarantor and/or the Group's financial position or profitability. 
The following is a summary of certain legal proceedings affecting the Group: The Guarantor believes that it has 
made adequate reserves related to the costs anticipated to be incurred in connection with these and other legal 
proceedings and believes that liabilities related to such proceedings should not have a significant effect on the 
Guarantor and/or the Group's financial position or profitability. 
The Guarantor's general policy is to record provisions for tax and legal proceedings in which it assesses the 
chances of loss to be probable and it does not record provisions when the chances of loss are possible or remote. 
The Guarantor monitors the contingencies and obligations associated with these types of instruments periodically. 
At each reporting date, the Bank's management analyses and determines the best estimate of the legal provisions 
to be recognised in the consolidated financial statements, taking into account the number of claims submitted by 
customers and the outcome of the rulings handed down in judgements of second instance on the various 
proceedings initiated by customers. 
Wherever possible the proceedings listed below are quantified. However, in view of the inherent difficulty 
of predicting the outcome of contentious matters, the Bank is unable sometimes to quantify the potential 
loss or practical consequences if a judgment were ordered against it and accordingly no specific amount is 
attributed to such claims. 
Tax-related litigation  
Proceedings arising from tax inspections in previous years: the amount outstanding in the 2004-2006 general tax 
inspection, concerning a corporate income tax dispute, has been settled upon receipt of the enforcement of the 
National High Court ruling dated 2 March 2020. 
Inspection procedure in relation to Personal Income Tax 2008-9: on 14 September 2020, the Guarantor received 
a partially upheld ruling in respect of the part corresponding to the penalties, and proceeded to settle the amount 
for outstanding Personal Income Tax stipulated in the ruling. It also received a ruling of dismissal from the 
National High Court dated 28 October 2020 relating to the tax inspection of income from movable capital for the 
2008-9 financial years, which had already been paid but had been appealed. Both of these rulings have become 
final. 
The bank is currently appealing in the proceedings for the 2007 to 2009 corporate income tax inspection and 
concerning the partial verification and investigation limited to personal income tax for the compensation paid in 
2010 to 2012 at Bankinter, S.A. and Bankinter Global Services, S.A.. Those corresponding to the general 
inspection covering the years 2011 to 2013 are currently under appeal before the TEAC. 
In 2020, a ruling of dismissal was received from the Spanish Central Administrative Court (TEAC) concerning 
the inspection procedure in EVO Banco S.A. (R&D deductions in corporate income tax for 2014 and 2015), which 
the bank is currently appealing before the law courts, as at 31 December 2020. 
The general inspection carried out has been carried out for the BK branch in Portugal in 2020 without any 
significant impact. 
Because of the possible interpretations of tax legislation applicable to some transactions carried out in the banking 
sector, certain tax liabilities of a contingent nature could exist. However, in the opinion of the Bank's directors, 
the possibility of such liabilities arising is remote, and if they did arise, the resulting tax charge would not have a 
material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 
In any case, the tax liabilities that might derive from the claims lodged against the disputed assessments were 
adequately provided for at the end of 2020 and preceding financial years. 
Non-Tax-related litigation

--- Page 250 ---
- 250 - 
Based on available information, the Group estimated the extent of the obligations relating to each claim and/or 
lawsuit and recognised, where necessary, appropriate provisions to reasonable cover liabilities that could arise 
from claims received and/or ongoing lawsuits.  
Provisions for legal contingencies includes mainly provisions arising from multicurrency loan agreements through 
which the Entity has claims for which a ruling has yet to be handed down by the courts. These provisions are 
estimated for all ongoing legal proceedings.  
The Parent Company's governance bodies and management consider that the provision recognised at year-end is 
the best estimate of the probable outflow of resources that the Entity would have to make as a result of the actual 
contingency arising from multicurrency loans sold to customers. During 2020, the net provisions due to these 
contingencies have been reduced as against the figure for 2019. 
The estimated maximum amount of the obligation at year-end arising from pending claims for multi-currency 
loans marketed to customers, assuming that all claims were settled in favour of the customer, would amount to 
318.5 million euros (2019: 339 million euros). 
On 4 March 2020, Chamber 1 of Spain's Supreme Court issued judgement 149/2020 rejecting the appeal by 
Wizink against the court ruling that considered null a revolving credit facility as it deemed the interest rate 
usurious. Group management and directors have assessed the potential impacts of the judgement on its portfolio 
of similar products at 31 December 2020 and registered the amount of provisions required to cover potential losses 
on claims that could be filed against the Group in this connection. 
In 2020, the impact of the passage of time was 318 thousand euros, with no impact related to changes in the 
discount rate (2019: 124 thousand euros and no impact, respectively).  
Regarding the schedule for the outflow of resources, the average weighted maturity in 2020 and 5.1 years for tax 
contingencies was 2 years for legal contingencies (2019: 5.1 and 2.9 years, respectively). 
The Group considers that there will not be any future reimbursements giving rise to the recognition of assets 
9.4.2.  
Significant change in the guarantor's financial position: A description of any significant change in 
the financial position of the group which has occurred since the end of the last financial period for which 
either audited financial information or interim financial information have been published, or an appropriate 
negative statement. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Bankinter Group since 30 September 2021 
(being the date of the most recently published interim financial information of the Guarantor).  
10. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
10.1. Share capital: The amount of the issued capital, the number and classes of the shares of which it is 
composed with details of their principal characteristics, the part of the issued capital still to be paid up, with an 
indication of the number, or total nominal value, and the type of the shares not yet fully paid up, broken down 
where applicable according to the extent to which they have been paid up. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor has a total share capital which is fully issued and paid up of 
€269,659,846.20 divided into 898,866,154 shares with a nominal value of €0.30. All shares are of the same class 
and issue with the same rights attached. 
10.2. 
Memorandum and articles of association: The register and the entry number therein, if applicable, 
and a description of the guarantor's objects and purposes and where they can be found in the memorandum 
and articles of association. 
The Guarantor's corporate purpose is:  
(i) 
the conduct of activities and operations and the provision of services of any kind which are typical of the 
banking business in general and which are permitted under current law; and  
(ii) 
the acquisition, possession, enjoyment and dispositions of all types of securities, as set out at Article 3 
of the Bylaws of Bankinter, S.A.

--- Page 251 ---
- 251 - 
11.  
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
11.1 
A brief summary of all material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the 
guarantor's business, which could result in any group member being under an obligation or entitlement that 
is material to the guarantor's ability to meet its obligation to security holders in respect of the securities being 
issued. 
Except for the information about the acquisition of EVO Banco set out in the 2021 Universal Registration 
Document, no Group company has entered into any material contracts other than those relating to its own ordinary 
business. Furthermore, during this period, the Group companies have not concluded any contract containing 
clauses under which any Bankinter Group company has an obligation or right that is relevant to the Group. 
12. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE  
12.1 
A statement that for the term of the Base Prospectus the following documents (or copies thereof), 
where applicable, may be inspected: 
(a) 
the up to date memorandum and articles of association of the guarantor; and 
(b)  
all reports, letters, and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements 
prepared by any expert at the guarantor's request any part of which is included or referred to in the base 
prospectus. 
An indication of the website on which the documents may be inspected. 
For the term of the Base Prospectus, the following documents may be inspected by electronic means: 
(i) 
the estatutos (Bylaws) of the Guarantor; and 
(ii) 
the information incorporated by reference herein under "Documents Incorporated by Reference" and 
under "The Description of the Guarantor – Financial Information Concerning the Guarantor's Assets and 
Liabilities, Financial Position and Profits and Losses". 
The documents listed in (i) and (ii) above shall be published in electronic form (pdf copies) on the website of 
Bankinter (https://webcorporativa.bankinter.com/www/en-es/cgi/ebk+gwc+home) and/or Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/). Each of the Final Terms shall be published in electronic form (pdf copies) on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (www.live.euronext.com).

--- Page 252 ---
- 252 - 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in a Dealer Agreement dated on or around 18 February 2022 (the 
"Dealer Agreement") between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger and the Dealers, the Notes will be offered 
on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly 
on its own behalf to other dealers. The Notes may be resold at any time, at prevailing market prices, or at prices 
related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the Dealers. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer 
through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in 
syndicated Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
Each of the Issuer, failing whom the Guarantor, has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in 
connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the 
Dealers or any of them by the Issuer or, in relation to itself and the Issuer only, by any Dealer, at any time on 
giving not less than ten business days' notice. 
United States of America 
The Notes may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. person (as defined below) and 
accordingly are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S.  The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of 
the United States, and trading in Notes has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the "CFTC") under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "CEA"), or by 
the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has registered as an 
investment company pursuant to the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940. No Notes, or interests therein, may 
at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, exercised, redeemed, transferred or or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined herein) or 
to others for offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, exercise, redemption, transfer or delivery, directly or indirectly, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined herein).  
An offer or sale of Notes, or interests therein, directly or indirectly, within the United States, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined herein) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act and/or 
the securities laws of U.S. states or territories. In addition, in the absence of relief from the CFTC, offers, sales, 
resales, trades, pledges, exercises, redemptions, transfers or deliveries of Notes, or interests therein, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, may constitute a violation of 
United States law governing commodities trading. 
An offer, transfer, pledge, exercise, redemption,sale or delivery of Notes, or interests therein, directly or indirectly, 
within the United States, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined herein) which violates the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and/or the securities laws of U.S. states or territories or United 
States law governing commodities trading will not be recognised. Further, prior to a redemption of Notes by way 
of physical delivery, the holder may be required to represent that (i) it is not a U.S. person, (ii) the Notes are not 
redeemed on behalf of a U.S. person, and (iii) no assets will be delivered within the U.S. or to or for the account 
or benefit of a U.S. person. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any copy hereof may be distributed in the United States or to any U.S. person 
(as defined herein) or in any other jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with the 
applicable laws thereof. This Document may not be reproduced either in whole or in part, without the written 
permission of the Issuer. 
As used herein, "U.S. person" means a person that is one or more of the following: (a) a U.S. person as defined in 
Regulation S of the Securities Act or (b) a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes 
of the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended, or any rule, guidance or order proposed or issued by the 
CFTC thereunder (including but not limited to any person who is not a "Non-United States person" under CFTC 
Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) (excluding for purposes of CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv)(D) the exception for qualified eligible 
persons who are not "Non-United States persons")). 
In respect of Bearer Notes where TEFRA C is specified in the applicable Applicable Transaction Terms, such 
Bearer Notes must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with their 
original issuance.  Each Dealer represents and agrees that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, 
sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such Bearer Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection

--- Page 253 ---
- 253 - 
with their original issuance.  Further, each Dealer will represent and agree in connection with the original issuance 
of such Bearer Notes that it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a 
prospective purchaser if such purchaser is within the United States or its possessions and will not otherwise 
involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of such Bearer Notes. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.2 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws  
In relation to each Tranche of Notes, the Dealers subscribing for or purchasing such Notes have represented to 
and agreed with, or will represent to and agree with, the Issuer, the Guarantor and each other such Dealer (if any) 
that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or, in the case 
of the Guarantor, would not apply to the Guarantor if it was not an authorised person; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Spain 
Other than as may be provided in the Applicable Transaction Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Applicable Transaction Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in Spain except that the requirements to make such 
an offer under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded) have been complied with. The Notes may 
not be offered, sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Notes be carried out in Spain without 
complying with all legal and regulatory requirements under Spanish securities laws.  
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Other than as may be provided in the Applicable Transaction Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Applicable Transaction Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
                                                     
 
2 Check Dealer Agreement for consistency and remove TEFRA D para from Dealer Agreement if currently included.

--- Page 254 ---
- 254 - 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded, 
the "Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Where the Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree it has not made and will not make 
an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Applicable Transaction Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in any Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes 
to the public in a Member State: 
(a) 
Approved prospectus: if the Applicable Transaction Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in relation to the 
Notes specifies that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to Articles 1(4) and 3(2) of 
the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of 
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority 
in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the 
competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus which is not a Drawdown 
Prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Applicable Transaction Terms contemplating such 
Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on 
the dates specified in such applicable transaction or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented 
in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Articles 1(4) and 3(2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any 
Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes and 
the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Other than as may be provided in the Applicable Transaction Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Applicable Transaction Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 255 ---
- 255 - 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Where the Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the communication in any 
form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as 
to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Portugal  
In relation to the Notes, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed with the Issuer, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that regarding any offer or sale of Notes 
by it in Portugal or to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having a permanent establishment located in 
the Portuguese territory (or to whom Portuguese laws and regulations applicable to the placement of financial 
instruments otherwise apply), it will comply with all laws and regulations in force in Portugal, including (without 
limitation) the Portuguese Securities Code ("Código dos Valores Mobiliários"), enacted by Decree Law no. 
486/99 of November 13, any regulations issued by the Portuguese Securities Market Commission ("Comissão do 
Mercado de Valores Mobiliários") ("CMVM") and the Prospectus Regulation and any regulation amending or 
supplementing the above, and: (i) it has not directly or indirectly taken any action or offered, advertised, marketed, 
invited to subscribe, gathered investment intentions, sold, re-sold, re-offered or delivered and will not directly or 
indirectly take any action, offer, advertise, market, invite to subscribe, gather investment intentions, sell, re-sell, 
re-offer or deliver any Notes in circumstances which could qualify as a public offer ("oferta pública") of securities 
pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code (or to any legislation which may replace it or complement it in this 
respect from time to time), and other applicable securities legislation and regulations, notably in circumstances 
which could qualify as a public offer addressed to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having permanent 
establishment located in Portugal, as the case may be; (ii) all offers, sales and distributions by it of the Notes have 
been and will only be made in Portugal in circumstances that, pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code (or to

--- Page 256 ---
- 256 - 
any legislation which may replace it or complement it in this respect from time to time), qualify as a private 
placement of Notes only ("oferta particular"); and (iii) it has not distributed, made available or caused to be 
distributed and will not distribute, make available or cause to be distributed this Base Prospectus or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes to the public in Portugal. Furthermore, (a) if the Notes are subject to a 
private placement addressed (i) exclusively to professional investors ("investidores profissionais"), as defined, 
from time to time, in the relevant provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code (or any legislation which may 
replace it or complement it in this respect from time to time) or to (ii) less than 150 non-qualified investors such 
private placement will be considered as a private placement of securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities 
Code (or to any legislation which may replace it or complement it in this respect from time to time); (b) private 
placements addressed by companies open to public investment ("sociedades abertas") or by issuers of securities 
listed on a regulated market shall be subsequently notified to the CMVM for statistics purposes. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, that to the best of its knowledge and belief, it has complied, 
and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes such offering material, in all cases at its own 
expense. 
Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Applicable Transaction Terms comes are required by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, or distribute this Base 
Prospectus or any Applicable Transaction Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement or 
modification may be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement (in the case of a supplement or modification 
relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes which are Exempt Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 257 ---
- 257 - 
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH PAYMENTS 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the Issuer's 
country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the Notes. 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of tax law and practice currently 
applicable in Spain, Ireland and Portugal is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and 
application thereof, which could be made with retroactive effect. The following summary does not purport to 
be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold 
or dispose of the Notes, and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
investors, some of whom (such as dealers in securities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective investors 
who are in any doubts as to their position should consult with their own professional advisers. 
The Issuer does not assume any responsibility for the withholding of taxes at source.  
Taxation in Spain 
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations and it is based on the laws presently 
in force in Spain (without prejudice of regional tax regimes in the Historical Territories of the Basque Country 
and the Community of Navarre or provisions passed by Autonomous Communities which may apply to investors 
for certain taxes). The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of tax law and 
practice currently applicable in Spain and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application 
thereof, which could be made with retroactive effect. 
Payments made by the Issuer 
On the basis that the Issuer is not resident in Spain for tax purposes and does not operate in Spain through a 
permanent establishment, branch or agency, all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
made free of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes in Spain of whatsoever nature imposed, 
levied, withheld or assessed by Spain or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in 
accordance with applicable Spanish law. 
Under certain conditions, withholding taxes may apply to Spanish taxpayers when a Spanish resident entity or a 
non-resident entity that operates in Spain through a permanent establishment in Spain is acting as depositary of 
the Notes or as collecting agent of any income arising from the Notes. 
Payments made by the Guarantor 
In the opinion of the Guarantor, any payments of principal and interest made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee 
may be characterised as an indemnity and, accordingly, be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax. 
However, although no clear precedent, statement of law or regulation exists in relation thereto, in the event that 
the Spanish Tax Authorities take the view that the Guarantor has validly, legally and effectively assumed all the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes subject to and in accordance with the Guarantee, they may attempt to 
impose withholding tax in the Kingdom of Spain on any payments made by the Guarantor in respect of interest.  
In such case, and as regards non-Spanish tax residents not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain, no 
withholding tax should be deducted on interest paid thereunder provided that the requirements established in Law 
10/2014, dated 26 June 2014, are complied with (including, among others, that the Notes remain listed on a 
regulated market, a multilateral trading facility or an organised market). In effect, according to such law and 
provided that the requirements established therein are complied with, the withholding tax treatment applicable to 
income obtained by non-residents from debt instruments (such as the Notes) issued by Spanish corporates shall 
be equivalent to that applicable to Public or Government Debt which currently provides for a full exemption from 
withholding tax. 
In the event that the Guarantor is deemed to have validly, legally and effectively assumed all the obligations of 
the Issuer and, thus, if the issuance of the Notes is deemed to fall under the scope of Law 10/2014, it shall comply 
with certain obligations of information.

--- Page 258 ---
- 258 - 
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the date 
of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, of 26 June 2014 on the ordination, 
supervision and solvency of credit institutions, as well as Royal Decree 1065/2007 ("Royal Decree 
1065/2007"), of 27 July 2007, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, of 29 July 2011; 
(b) 
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Personal Income Tax ("PIT"), 
Law 35/2006 of 28 November, on the PIT and on the Partial Amendment of the Corporate Income Tax 
Law, the Non-Residents Income Tax Law and the Net Wealth Tax Law, and Royal Decree 439/2007 of 
30 March promulgating the PIT Regulations, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June, on Wealth Tax, as 
amended, and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on the Inheritance and Gift Tax; 
(c) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Corporate Income Tax ("Corporate 
Income Tax" or "CIT") taxpayers, Law 27/2014, of 27 November 2014, on the Corporate Income Tax, 
as amended from time to time, and Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July 2015, promulgating the Corporate 
Income Tax Regulations, as amended from time to time (the "Corporate Income Tax Regulations"); 
and 
(d) 
for individuals and legal entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain and are Non-Resident 
Income Tax ("Non-Resident Income Tax") taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March 
2004, promulgating the Consolidated Text of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law, as amended from time 
to time, and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July 2004, promulgating the Non-Resident Income Tax 
Regulations, as amended from time to time, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June 1991, on Wealth Tax, as 
amended from time to time and Law 29/1987, of 18 December 1987, on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as 
amended from time to time. 
Indirect Taxation 
Whatever the nature and residence of the holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes (each, a "Beneficial Owner"), 
the acquisition and transfer of the Notes will be exempt from indirect taxes in Spain, for example exempt from 
transfer tax and stamp duty, in accordance with the consolidated text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative 
Decree 1/1993, of 24 September 1993, and exempt from value added tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 
December 1992, regulating such tax, as amended from time to time. 
1. 
Individuals with Tax Residence in Spain 
1.1 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Spanish individuals ("personas fisicas") with tax residency in Spain (each a "Spanish Individual") are 
subject to PIT on a worldwide basis. Accordingly, income obtained from the Notes will be taxed in Spain 
when obtained by persons that are considered resident in Spain for tax purposes. The fact that a Spanish 
company pays interest or guarantees payments under a Note will not lead an individual or entity to be 
considered tax-resident in Spain. 
Both interest payments periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or 
exchange of the Notes constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of a person’s own 
capital to third parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 25 of the PIT Law, and therefore 
must be included in the investor’s PIT savings taxable base pursuant to the provisions of the 
aforementioned law and taxed at a flat rate of 19 per cent. on the first €6,000, 21 per cent. for taxable 
income between €6,000.01 and €50,000, 23 per cent. for taxable income between €50,000.01 and 
€200,000, and 26 per cent. for taxable income exceeding €200,000. 
1.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Net Wealth Tax may be levied in Spain on resident individuals, on a worldwide basis. In particular, 
individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Net Wealth Tax to the extent that their net worth 
exceeds €700,000. Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as at 
31 December each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. The final tax 
rates may vary depending on any applicable regional tax laws, and some reductions may apply.

--- Page 259 ---
- 259 - 
1.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the 
applicable Spanish regional and State rules. The applicable effective tax rates currently range between 0 
per cent. and 81.6 per cent. depending on relevant factors. 
2. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
2.1 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Both interest received periodically and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of 
the Notes are subject to Corporate Income Tax (at the current general rate of 25%) in accordance with 
the rules for this tax. This general rate will not be applicable to all Corporate Income Tax taxpayers and, 
for instance, it will not apply to banking institutions (which will be taxed at the rate of 30%). Special 
rates apply in respect of certain types of entities (such as qualifying collective investment institutions). 
2.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
2.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities with tax residency in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax and must include the market value 
of the Notes in their taxable income for Corporate Income Tax purposes. 
3. 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain acting through a permanent 
establishment in Spain 
3.1 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de No Residentes) 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself 
create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal entity who 
is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving from such Notes are 
the same as those for Spanish Corporate Income Tax taxpayers. 
4. 
Obligation to inform the Spanish tax authorities of the ownership of the Notes 
With effect as from 1 January 2013, Law 7/2012, of 29 October, as implemented by Royal Decree 
1558/2012, of 15 November, introduced new annual reporting obligations applicable to Spanish residents 
(i.e. individuals, legal entities, permanent establishments in Spain of non-resident entities) in relation to 
certain foreign assets or rights. 
Consequently, if the Notes are deposited with or placed in the custody of a non-Spanish entity, holders 
resident in Spain will be obliged, if certain thresholds are met as described below, to declare before the 
Spanish tax authorities, between 1 January and 31 March every year, the ownership of the Notes held on 
31 December of the immediately preceding year (e.g. to declare between 1 January 2022 and 31 March 
2022 the Notes held on 31 December 2021). 
This obligation would only need to be complied with if certain thresholds are met: specifically, if the 
only rights/assets held abroad are the Notes, this obligation would only apply if the value of the Notes 
together with other qualifying assets held on 31 December exceeds €50,000 (with the corresponding 
valuation to be made in accordance with Wealth Tax rules). If this threshold is met, a declaration would 
only be required in subsequent years if the value of the Notes together with other qualifying assets 
increases by more than €20,000 as against the declaration made previously. Similarly, cancellation or 
extinguishment of the ownership of the Notes before 31 December should be declared if such ownership 
was reported in previous declarations.

--- Page 260 ---
- 260 - 
5. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("EU FTT")  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal for a Directive for a common EU 
FTT in Austria, Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and 
Spain. Estonia, however, withdrew from the enhanced cooperation in March 2016 (the "FTT 
Participating Member States"). 
The initial proposal had a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in financial 
instruments (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  
The initial proposal could apply to persons both within and outside of the FTT Participating Member 
States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in financial instruments where at least one party is a 
financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or 
(b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member 
State. 
However, the EU FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the FTT Participating Member 
States and the scope of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, 
the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate, and FTT 
Participating Member States may withdraw.  
Prospective investors of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT. 
Ireland  
Withholding tax 
In general, tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20%), is required to be withheld from payments of 
Irish source interest which could include interest paid on the Notes. However, an exemption from withholding on 
interest payments exists under Section 64 of the Taxes Consolidation Act, 1997 (the "1997 Act") for certain 
interest bearing securities ("quoted Eurobonds") issued by a body corporate (such as the Issuer) which are quoted 
on a recognised stock exchange (which would include Euronext Dublin). 
Any interest paid on such quoted Eurobonds can be paid free of withholding tax provided: 
(a) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland; or 
(b) 
the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland, and either: 
(i) 
the quoted Eurobond is held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners (Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are so recognised), or 
(ii) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the quoted Eurobond and who is beneficially entitled 
to the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to a relevant person (such as 
an Irish paying agent) in the prescribed form. 
So long as the Notes are quoted on a recognised stock exchange and are held in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, interest on the Notes can be paid by the Issuer and any paying agent acting on behalf of the Issuer 
without any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax. 
In certain circumstances, Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the rate of 25 per cent from interest on any 
quoted Eurobond, where such interest is collected by a bank or other agent in Ireland on behalf of any Noteholder. 
Taxation of Noteholders 
Notwithstanding that a Noteholder may receive interest on the Notes free of withholding tax, the Noteholder may 
still be liable to pay Irish income tax. Interest paid on the Notes may have an Irish source and therefore be within 
the charge to Irish income tax, pay related social insurance "PRSI" and the universal social charge. Ireland

--- Page 261 ---
- 261 - 
operates a self-assessment system in respect of income tax and any person, including a person who is neither 
resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland, with Irish source income comes within its scope. 
However, interest on the Notes will be exempt from Irish income tax if the recipient of the interest is resident in 
a relevant territory (a member state of the European Union (other than Ireland) or in a country with which Ireland 
has a comprehensive double taxation agreement) provided either (i) the Notes are quoted Eurobonds and are 
exempt from withholding tax as set out above, (ii) the Notes are not or cease to be quoted Eurobonds exempt from 
withholding tax and the recipient of the interest is a company resident in a relevant territory that generally taxes 
foreign source interest. 
In addition, provided that the Notes are quoted Eurobonds and are exempt from withholding tax as set out above, 
the interest on the Notes will be exempt from Irish income tax if the recipient of the interest is (i) a company under 
the control, directly or indirectly, of persons who by virtue of the law of a relevant territory are resident in that 
country and that person or persons are not themselves under the control whether directly or indirectly of a person 
who is not resident in such a country, or (ii) a company, the principal class of shares of such company, or another 
company of which the recipient company is a 75% subsidiary, is substantially and regularly traded on one or more 
recognised stock exchanges in Ireland or a relevant territory or a stock exchange approved by the Irish Minister 
for Finance.   
Notwithstanding these exemptions from income tax, a corporate recipient that carries on a trade in Ireland through 
a branch or agency in respect of which the Notes are held or attributed may have a liability to Irish corporation 
tax on the interest. 
Noteholders receiving interest on the Notes which does not fall within the above exemptions may be liable to Irish 
income tax, PRSI and the universal social charge on such interest. 
Capital gains tax 
A holder of Notes may be subject to Irish tax on capital gains on a disposal of Notes unless such holder is neither 
resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and does not carry on a trade in Ireland through a branch or agency in 
respect of which the Notes are used or held. 
Capital acquisitions tax 
A gift or inheritance comprising of Notes will be within the charge to capital acquisitions tax if either (i) the 
disponer or the donee/successor in relation to the gift or inheritance is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland 
(or, in certain circumstances, if the disponer is domiciled in Ireland irrespective of his residence or that of the 
donee/successor) or (ii) the Notes are regarded as property situate in Ireland. Bearer notes are generally regarded 
as situated where they are physically located at any particular time.  
Stamp duty 
Any document or electronic transfer effected through an approved or recognised relevant system as provided for 
in the Companies Act 1990 (Uncertificated Securities) Regulations 1996 transferring title to the Notes is 
potentially subject to 1% Irish stamp duty. However, if the terms of the loan capital exemption are satisfied, no 
stamp duty is payable. There are four conditions that must be satisfied to avail of this exemption: 
(a) 
the Notes must not carry a right of conversion into shares of an Irish incorporated company; 
(b) 
the Notes must not carry rights similar to those attaching to shares, including voting rights, entitlement 
to a share of profits or a share in surplus on liquidation of the Issuer; 
(c) 
the Notes must be issued for a price which is not less than 90% of the nominal value of the Notes; and 
(d) 
the Notes must not carry a right to a sum in respect of repayment or interest which is related to certain 
movements in an index or indices (based wholly or partly and directly or indirectly on stocks or 
marketable securities) specified in any document relating to the Notes. 
Portugal 
General

--- Page 262 ---
- 262 - 
The following is a general summary of the Issuers' understanding of current law and practice in Portugal as in 
effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus in relation to certain current relevant aspects of the Notes to Portuguese 
taxation and is subject to changes in such laws, including changes that could have a retroactive effect. The 
following summary is intended as a general guide only and is not exhaustive. It is not intended to be, nor should 
it be considered to be, legal or tax advice to any beneficial owner of the Notes. It does not take into account or 
discuss the tax laws of any country other than Portugal and relates only to the position of persons who are the 
absolute beneficial owners of the Notes. Prospective investors are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to 
the Portuguese or other tax consequences resulting from the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes, 
including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Portugal and each country where they are 
resident, or are deemed to be resident. 
The reference to "interest", "other investment income" and "capital gains" in the paragraphs below means 
"interest", "other investment income" and "capital gains" as understood in Portuguese tax law. The statements 
below do not take into account any different definitions of "interest", "other investment income" or "capital 
gains" which may prevail under any other law or which may be created by the terms and conditions of the Notes 
or any related documentation. 
There is neither wealth nor estate tax in Portugal. 
Payments made by the Issuer of interest, other investment income or principal on Notes issued by it to an 
individual or legal person non-resident in Portugal for tax purposes without a permanent establishment to which 
such income may be attributable are not subject to Portuguese income tax. 
Capital gains obtained on the transfer of Notes by an individual or a legal person who is neither resident nor 
engaged in business through a permanent establishment in Portugal to which that gain is attributable are not subject 
to Portuguese income tax. 
Portuguese resident individuals 
Interest and other investment income obtained by Portuguese resident individuals on the Notes are subject to 
individual income tax. If the payment of interest or other types of investment income is made available to 
Portuguese resident individuals through a Portuguese resident entity or a Portuguese branch of a non-resident 
entity, withholding tax applies at a rate of 28 per cent., which is the final tax on that income unless the individual 
elects to aggregate it to his taxable income, subject it to tax at progressive rates varying from 14.5 per cent. up to 
48 per cent. In the latter circumstance, a solidarity surcharge is due on the part of the taxable income exceeding 
€80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000 and (ii) 
5 per cent. on the taxable income exceeding €250,000 (if any). Also, in case the individual elected to aggregate 
the interest and other investment income, the tax withheld is deemed a payment on account of the final tax due. 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts in the name of 
one or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final withholding tax at a rate 
of 35 per cent., unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general rules will apply. 
If the interest and other investment income on the Notes is not received through an entity located in Portugal, it is 
not subject to Portuguese withholding tax, but an autonomous taxation rate of 28 per cent. will apply unless an 
option for aggregation is made, subject to the aforementioned progressive tax rates and a solidarity surcharge. 
Gains obtained with the repayment of the Notes are classified as capital gains for Portuguese tax purposes. 
Capital gains obtained by Portuguese resident individuals on the repayment or transfer of the Notes are taxed at a 
rate of 28 per cent. levied on the positive difference between the capital gains and capital losses realised on the 
transfer of securities and derivatives of each year, which is the final tax on that income, unless the individual 
elects to aggregate it to his taxable income, subjecting it to tax at progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. In the 
latter circumstance, a solidarity surcharge is due on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: 
(i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 and up to €250,000 and (ii) 5 per cent. on 
the taxable income exceeding €250,000 (if any). Accrued interest qualifies as interest for tax purposes. 
Portuguese resident legal entities or legal entities not resident in Portugal but with a permanent establishment 
herein 
Interest and other investment income derived from the Notes and capital gains obtained with the transfer of the 
Notes by legal persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and by non-resident legal persons with a permanent 
establishment in Portugal to which the income or gains are attributable are included in their taxable profits and 
are subject to Corporate Income Tax at a 21 per cent. tax rate (a 17 per cent. rate is applicable to the first €25,000

--- Page 263 ---
- 263 - 
of taxable income obtained by small and medium sized companies, as defined in the annex of Decree-Law no. 
372/2007, of 6 November), to which a municipal surcharge (derrama municipal) of up to 1.5 per cent. of their 
taxable income may be added. A state surcharge (derrama estadual) also applies at 3 per cent. on taxable profits 
in excess of €1,500,000 and up to €7,500,000, 5 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €7,500,000 and up to 
€35,000,000, and 9 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €35,000,000. 
The acquisition of Notes through gift or inheritance by a Portuguese resident legal person or non-resident legal 
person acting through a Portuguese permanent establishment is subject to Corporate Income Tax at a 21 per cent. 
tax rate (a 17 per cent. rate is applicable to the first EUR 25,000 of taxable income obtained by small and medium 
sized companies, as defined in the annex of Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November), to which a municipal 
surcharge (derrama municipal) of up to 1.5 per cent. of their taxable income may be added. A state surcharge 
(derrama estadual) also applies at 3 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €1,500,000 and up to €7,500,000, 5 
per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €7,500,000 and up to €35,000,000, and 9 per cent. on taxable profits in 
excess of €35,000,000. 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts in the name of 
one or more account holders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final withholding tax at 35 per 
cent. unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general rules will apply. 
Administrative cooperation in the field of taxation 
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, financial institutions are required to report to the tax 
authorities of their respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the state of residence) 
information regarding bank accounts, including custodial accounts, held by individual persons residing in a 
different Member State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual persons residing in a different 
Member State, after having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in the Directive. The information refers to the 
account balance at the end of the calendar year, income paid or credited in the account and the proceeds from the 
sale or redemption of the financial assets paid or credited in the account during the calendar year to which the 
financial institution acted as custodian, broker, nominee, or otherwise as an agent for the account holder, among 
others. In view of the regime enacted by Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October, which has been amended 
through Law no. 98/2017, of 24 August, and Law no. 17/2019, of 14 February, all information regarding the 
registration of the financial institution, the procedures to comply with the reporting obligations arising thereof and 
the applicable forms were duly approved. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act – Portugal 
Portugal has implemented, through Law 82-B/2014 of 31 December 2014 and Decree-Law 64/2016 of 11 October 
2016, as amended by Law 98/2017, of 24 August, and Law no. 17/2019, of 14 February, the legislation based on 
the reciprocal exchange of information with the United States of America on financial accounts subject to 
disclosure (the "Financial Reporting Regime") in order to comply with Sections 1471 through 1474 of FATCA. 
Under such legislation the Issuer will be required to obtain information regarding certain accountholders and 
report such information to the Portuguese tax authorities which, in turn, will report such information to the Inland 
Revenue Service of the United States of America. 
Luxembourg  
The following overview is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. It is based 
on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, 
legal or tax advice. Prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as 
to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other 
charge or withholding of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts 
only. Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur 
le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge 
(contribution au fonds pour l'emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. Corporate 
taxpayers may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. 
Corporate income taxes, municipal business tax, as well as the solidarity surcharge and net wealth tax invariably 
apply to most corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally 
subject to personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual

--- Page 264 ---
- 264 - 
taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business tax 
may apply as well. 
Status of the Issuer 
The Issuer is a fully taxable Luxembourg company. As such, it is subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 17% 
(impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal) – at a rate of 6.75% 
in Luxembourg-City – and a solidarity surcharge (contribution au fonds pour l'emploi) of 7% of the corporate 
income tax rate. The aggregate corporate tax rate thus currently stands at 24.94% in Luxembourg-City as from 1st 
January 2022. 
The Issuer is assessed on the basis of its world-wide profits, after deduction of arm’s length allowable expenses 
and charges, determined in accordance with Luxembourg general accounting standards (subject to certain fiscal 
adjustments), subject to the provisions of applicable tax treaties. Expenses which are in relation to an item of 
income which is not taxable in Luxembourg are not deductible for tax purposes.  
It is further subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) assessed on the estimated realisation value of its assets 
on the wealth tax assessment date (i.e., 1 January for a company having a business year corresponding to the 
calendar year) at a rate of 0.5% up to a net wealth tax base of EUR 500,000,000 and at a rate of 0.05% for the 
portion of the net wealth tax base exceeding EUR 500,000,000. Debts are deductible provided that they relate to 
taxable business assets. The Issuer may also be subject to the Luxembourg minimum wealth tax at an annual lump 
sum amount determined on the basis of certain criteria set out under Luxembourg law.  
Withholding Tax 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and subject to the exception below, there is no Luxembourg 
withholding tax on payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) or repayment of principal. 
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended, interest payments made by Luxembourg paying 
agents to individual beneficial owners which are residents in Luxembourg are currently subject to a 20 per cent. 
withholding tax. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an 
individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for withholding such 
tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Income Taxation on Principal, Interest, Gains on Sales or Redemption 
Luxembourg tax residency of the Noteholders 
Noteholders will not be deemed to be resident, domiciled or carrying on business in Luxembourg solely by reason 
of holding, execution, performance, delivery, exchange and/or enforcement of the Notes. 
Taxation of Luxembourg non-residents 
Noteholders who are non-residents of Luxembourg and who do not have a permanent establishment, a permanent 
representative or a fixed base of business in Luxembourg with which the holding of the Notes is connected, will 
not be subject to taxes (income taxes and net wealth tax) or duties in Luxembourg with respect to payments of 
principal or interest (including accrued but unpaid interest), payments received upon redemption, repurchase or 
exchange of the Notes or capital gains realised upon disposal or repayment of the Notes. 
A non-resident corporate holder of Notes who has a permanent establishment or permanent representative in 
Luxembourg to which or to whom such Notes are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg income tax on interest 
accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes and on any gains realised upon the 
sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes. 
Taxation of Luxembourg residents 
Noteholders who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income tax on repayment 
of principal. 
Luxembourg resident individual holder of Notes

--- Page 265 ---
- 265 - 
Interest received by an individual resident in Luxembourg is, in principle, reportable and taxable at the progressive 
rate unless the interest has been subject to withholding tax (see above “Withholding Tax”) or to the self-applied 
tax, if applicable. Indeed, in accordance with the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended, 
Luxembourg resident individuals, acting in the framework of their private wealth, can opt to self-declare and pay 
a 20 per cent. tax on interest payments made by paying agents located in an EU Member State other than 
Luxembourg or a Member State of the European Economic Area other than an EU Member State. 
The withholding tax or self-applied tax are the final tax liability for the Luxembourg individual resident taxpayers 
receiving the interest payment in the framework of their private wealth. Individual Luxembourg resident 
Noteholders receiving the interest as business income must include this interest in their taxable basis. If applicable, 
the 20 per cent. Luxembourg withholding tax levied will be credited against their final income tax liability. 
Luxembourg resident individual Noteholders are not subject to taxation on capital gains upon the disposal of the 
Notes, unless the disposal of the Notes precedes the acquisition of the Notes or the Notes are disposed of within 
six months of the date of acquisition of these Notes.  
Upon the sale, redemption or exchange of the Notes, accrued but unpaid interest will be subject to the 20 per cent. 
withholding tax or the self-applied tax, if applicable. Individual Luxembourg resident Noteholders receiving the 
interest as business income must include the portion of the price corresponding to this interest in their taxable 
income. The 20 per cent. Luxembourg withholding tax levied will be credited against their final income tax 
liability. 
Luxembourg resident corporate holder of Notes 
Luxembourg resident corporate Noteholders must, for income tax purposes include, in their taxable income any 
interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) as well as the difference between the sale or redemption price and 
the lower of the cost or book value of the Notes sold or redeemed.  
Luxembourg resident corporate Noteholders which are companies benefiting from a special tax regime (such as 
family wealth management companies subject to the law of 11 May 2007, as amended, undertakings for collective 
investment subject to the law of 17 December 2010, as amended, or specialised investment funds subject to the 
law of 13 February 2007, as amended, reserved alternative investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 2016, 
as amended, provided it is not foreseen in the incorporation documents that (i) the exclusive object is the 
investment in risk capital and that (ii) article 48 of the law of 23 July 2016 applies) are tax exempt entities in 
Luxembourg, and are thus not subject to any Luxembourg tax (i.e., corporate income tax, municipal business tax 
and net wealth tax) other than an annual subscription tax. 
Net Wealth tax 
Luxembourg net wealth tax will not be levied on the Notes held by an individual Noteholder or a corporate 
Noteholder, unless (a) such Noteholder is a Luxembourg resident other than a corporate Noteholder governed by 
(i) the laws of 17 December 2010, as amended and 13 February 2007 on undertakings for collective investment, 
as amended; (ii) the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended; (iii) the law of 15 June 2004 on the 
investment company in risk capital, as amended; (iv) the law of 11 May 2007 on family wealth management 
companies, as amended; or (v) the law of 23 July 2016 on the reserved alternative investment funds, as amended, 
or (b) the Notes are attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is carried on in Luxembourg through a 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative of a non resident corporate Noteholder. 
Luxembourg levies a minimum net wealth tax for corporate taxpayers, which is due even if the net asset value of 
the corporate taxpayer is nil or negative. This minimum net wealth tax amounts to a EUR 4,815 flat rate for 
corporate taxpayers whose total assets amount to at least EUR 350,000 and at least 90% of the corporate taxpayer’s 
assets are financial assets falling within the meaning of accounts 23, 41, 50 and 51 of the Luxembourg standard 
chart of accounts (Plan Comptable Normalisé). 
In all other cases, corporate taxpayers are subject to a minimum net wealth tax ranging from EUR 535 to EUR 
32,100. All Luxembourg corporate taxpayers that are subject to net wealth tax are also subject to minimum net 
wealth tax.  
Additionally, please note that securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, 
as amended, capital companies governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on the investment company in risk capital, 
as amended, and reserved alternative investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 2016, as amended (provided

--- Page 266 ---
- 266 - 
it is foreseen in the incorporation documents that (i) the exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and that 
(ii) article 48 of the law of 23 July 2016 applies) may be subject to an annual minimum net wealth tax. 
Other taxes 
No stamp, registration, transfer or similar taxes or duties will be payable in Luxembourg by Noteholders in 
connection with the issue of the Notes, nor will any of these taxes be payable as a consequence of a subsequent 
transfer or redemption of the Notes, unless the documents relating to the Notes are voluntarily registered in 
Luxembourg or appended to a document that requires obligatory registration in Luxembourg. 
There is no Luxembourg value added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for the issuance of the 
Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes or the transfer of the Notes. Luxembourg 
value added tax may, however, be payable in respect of fees charged for certain services rendered to the Issuer, if 
for Luxembourg value added tax purposes such services are rendered or are deemed to be rendered in Luxembourg 
and an exemption from Luxembourg value added tax does not apply with respect to such services. 
Noteholders not permanently resident in Luxembourg at the time of death will not be subject to inheritance or 
other similar taxes in Luxembourg in respect of the Notes. No Luxembourg gift tax is levied upon a gift or donation 
of the Notes, if the gift is not passed before a Luxembourg notary or recorded in a deed registered in Luxembourg. 
Common Reporting Standard – Exchange of information 
The exchange of information is governed by the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”). On 24 December 2019, 
108 jurisdictions signed the multilateral competent authority agreement (“MCAA”), which is a multilateral 
framework agreement to automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the subsequent bilateral 
exchanges coming into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent notifications. More than 50 
jurisdictions have committed to a specific and ambitious timetable leading to the first automatic information 
exchanges in 2017 (“early adopters”). More than 40 jurisdictions have committed to exchange information as 
from 2018. 
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due diligence 
standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, dividends, account 
balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from financial assets and other income 
generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made with respect to the account. Reportable 
accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which includes trusts and foundations) with fiscal 
residence in another CRS country. The standard includes a requirement to look through passive entities to report 
on the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation in direct 
taxation (“DAC2”), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial information between the EU 
Member States as foreseen in CRS. DAC2 amends the previous Directive on administrative cooperation in direct 
taxation, Directive 2011/16/EU. DAC2 requires EU member states to establish an automatic exchange of 
information effective as from 1 January 2016 (and in the case of Austria as from 1 January 2017). 
On 27 May 2015, Switzerland signed an agreement with the European Union in order to implement, as from 1 
January 2017, an automatic exchange of financial information based on the CRS. This new agreement replaces 
the agreement on the taxation of savings that entered into force in 2005. 
Luxembourg implemented the provisions of DAC2 as well as the MCAA into domestic law on 18 December 
2015.  
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
withholding may be required on, among other things, (i) certain payments made by “foreign financial 
institutions” (“foreign passthru payments”), (ii) dividend equivalent payments (as described below in “Hiring 
Incentives to Restore Employment Act”) and (iii) payments of gross proceeds from the disposition of securities 
that generate dividend equivalent payments, in each case, to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting, or related requirements.  The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number 
of jurisdictions (including Luxembourg) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental

--- Page 267 ---
- 267 - 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. On 28 March 2014, the United States and Luxembourg entered into an IGA. Under 
the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally 
not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. If withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to foreign passthru payments or payments of gross proceeds from the 
disposition of Notes that generate dividend equivalent payments, such withholding would not apply prior to the 
date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published 
in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity 
and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or before the relevant grandfathering date 
would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. The 
grandfathering date for (A) Notes that give rise solely to foreign passthru payments, is the date that is six months 
after the date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment are filed with 
the Federal Register, and (B) Notes that give rise to a dividend equivalent pursuant to Section 871(m) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, is six months after the 
date on which obligations of its type are first treated as giving rise to dividend equivalents. If additional notes (as 
described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from such 
previously issued grandfathered Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject 
to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to 
the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their 
own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person 
will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
Exchange of information for tax purposes - Luxembourg 
The Issuer may be required to report certain information about its Noteholders and, as the case may be, about 
individuals controlling Noteholders that are entities, on an automatic and annual basis to the Luxembourg direct 
tax administration (Administration des contributions directes) in accordance with, and subject to, the Luxembourg 
law of 24 July 2015 concerning FATCA and/or the Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 implementing DAC2 
and the standard for automatic exchange of financial account information in tax matters developed by the OECD 
with the G20 countries (commonly referred to as the “CRS”), each as amended from time to time (each an “AEOI 
Law” and collectively the “AEOI Laws”). Such information, which may include personal data (including, 
without limitation, the name, address, country(ies) of tax residence, date and place of birth and tax identification 
number(s) of any reportable individual) and certain financial data about the relevant Notes (including, without 
limitation, their balance or value and gross payments made thereunder), will be transferred by the Luxembourg 
direct tax administration to the competent authorities of the relevant foreign jurisdictions in accordance with, and 
subject to, the relevant Luxembourg legislation and international agreements. 
Each Noteholder and prospective investor agrees to provide, upon request by the Issuer (or its delegates), any such 
information, documents and certificates as may be required for the purposes of the Issuer’s identification and 
reporting obligations under any AEOI Law. The Issuer reserves the right to reject any application for Notes or to 
redeem Notes (i) if the prospective investor or Noteholder does not provide the required information, documents 
or certificates or (ii) if the Issuer (or its delegates) has reason to believe that the information, documents or 
certificates provided to the Issuer (or its delegates) are incomplete or incorrect and the Noteholder does not 
provide, to the satisfaction of the Issuer (or its delegates), sufficient information to cure the situation. Prospective 
investors and Noteholders should note that incomplete or inaccurate information may lead to multiple and/or 
incorrect reporting under the AEOI Laws. Neither the Issuer nor any other person accepts any liability for any 
consequences that may result from incomplete or inaccurate information provided to the Issuer (or its delegates). 
Any Noteholder failing to comply with the Issuer’s information requests may be charged with any taxes and 
penalties imposed on the Issuer attributable to such Noteholder’s failure to provide complete and accurate 
information. 
Each Noteholder and prospective investor acknowledges and agrees that Issuer will be responsible to collect, 
store, process and transfer the relevant information, including the personal data, in accordance with the AEOI 
Laws. Each individual whose personal data has been processed for the purposes of any AEOI Law has a right of 
access to his/her personal data and may ask for a rectification thereof in case where such data is inaccurate or 
incomplete.

--- Page 268 ---
- 268 - 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") treats a "dividend 
equivalent" payment as a dividend from sources within the United States. Such payments generally would be 
subject to a 30% U.S. withholding tax that may be reduced by an applicable tax treaty, eligible for credit against 
other U.S. tax liabilities or refunded, provided that the beneficial owner timely claims a credit or refund from the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS"). A "dividend equivalent" payment is (i) a substitute dividend payment 
made pursuant to a securities lending or a sale-repurchase transaction that (directly or indirectly) is contingent 
upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, (ii) a 
payment made pursuant to a "specified notional principal contract" that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, 
or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, and (iii) any other 
payment determined by the IRS to be substantially similar to a payment described in (i) or (ii). U.S. Treasury 
regulations issued under Section 871(m) and applicable guidance (the "Section 871(m) Regulations") require 
withholding on certain non-U.S. holders of the Notes with respect to amounts treated as dividend equivalent 
payments. Under the Section 871(m) Regulations, only a Note that has an expected economic return sufficiently 
similar to that of the underlying U.S. security based on tests set forth in the Section 871(m) Regulations will be 
subject to the Section 871(m) withholding regime (making such Note a "Specified Note"). The Section 871(m) 
Regulations provide certain exceptions to this withholding requirement, in particular for instruments linked to 
certain broad-based indices. 
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash payments are made on a 
Specified Note or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition by the non-U.S. holder of the Specified 
Note. If the underlying U.S. security or securities are expected to pay dividends during the term of the Specified 
Note, withholding generally will still be required even if the Specified Note does not provide for payments 
explicitly linked to dividends. Additionally, the Issuer may withhold the full 30% tax on any payment on the Notes 
in respect of any dividend equivalent arising with respect to such Notes regardless of any exemption from, or 
reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
where a holder is eligible for a reduced tax rate under an applicable tax treaty with the United States). A holder 
may be able to claim a refund of any excess withholding provided the required information is timely furnished to 
the IRS. Refund claims are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and there can be no assurance that a particular 
refund claim will be timely paid or paid at all. If the Issuer or any withholding agent determines that withholding 
is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any additional amounts with 
respect to amounts so withheld. 
The Section 871(m) Regulations generally apply to Specified Notes issued on or after 1 January 2017. If the terms 
of a Note are subject to a "significant modification" (as defined for U.S. tax purposes), the Note generally would 
be treated as retired and reissued on the date of such modification for purposes of determining, based on economic 
conditions in effect at that time, whether such Note is a Specified Note. Similarly, if additional Notes of the same 
series are issued (or deemed issued for U.S. tax purposes, such as certain sales of Notes out of inventory) after the 
original issue date, the IRS could treat the issue date for determining whether the existing Notes are Specified 
Notes as the date of such subsequent sale or issuance. Consequently, a previously out of scope Note might 
betreated as a Specified Note following such modification or further issuance. 
In addition, payments on the Specified Notes may be calculated by reference to dividends on underlying U.S. 
securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70 per cent. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the 
holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. of any dividend 
equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The 
Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed 
withheld. 
The Applicable Transaction Terms will indicate whether the Issuer has determined that Notes are Specified Notes 
and will specify contact details for obtaining additional information regarding the application of Section 871(m) 
to Notes. If Notes are Specified Notes, a non-U.S. holder of the Notes should expect to be subject to withholding 
in respect of any dividend-paying U.S. securities underlying those Notes. The Issuer's determination is binding on 
non-U.S. holders of the Notes, but it is not binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) Regulations require complex 
calculations to be made with respect to Notes linked to U.S. securities and their application to a specific issue of 
Notes may be uncertain. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) to 
the Notes.

--- Page 269 ---
- 269 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes to be admitted to the Official List and trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by Euronext Dublin but which will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems and/or may be 
unlisted, as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
2. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations 
in Luxembourg and Spain in connection with the establishment of the Programme and the issue and 
performance of the Notes and the guarantees relating to them. The establishment of the Programme was 
authorised by the resolution of the board of managers of the Issuer passed on 16 February 2022, and the 
establishment of the Programme and the giving of the guarantees relating to the Notes by the Guarantor 
was authorised by a resolution of the executive committee of the Guarantor passed on 17 November 
2021.  
3. 
Each permanent or definitive Bearer Note, Receipt and Coupon relating to such a Note will bear the 
following legend: "Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations 
under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code". 
4. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have, or have had in the previous 
12 months up to the date of this Base Prospectus, significant effects on the Issuer and/or the Guarantor's 
financial position or profitability. 
5. 
Since 31 December 2020 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer. 
6. 
Since 31 December 2020 there has been no significant change in the financial position or financial 
performance of the Issuer. 
7. 
Clearing systems 
Notes may be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems. The Common Code 
and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) will be set out in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II B-120 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JK Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, United States of 
America. 
8. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding, the following 
documents 
will 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
from 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Guarantor 
(https://webcorporativa.bankinter.com/www/en-es/cgi/ebk+gwc+home): 
(i) 
the Guarantee; 
(ii) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus;  
(iv) 
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert 
any part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus; and 
(v) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg of Notes in New Global Form).

--- Page 270 ---
- 270 - 
9. 
The non-consolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of Bankinter, S.A. for the years ended 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 were audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. is registered under number S-0242 in the Official Register of 
Auditors (Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas). 
10. 
Copies of the latest annual report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements of 
the Guarantor may be obtained, and copies of the Agency Agreement will be available for inspection, at 
the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours, so long as any of the 
Notes is outstanding. The Guarantor prepares audited interim financial statements in June. The Issuer 
does not prepare audited interim financial statements. 
11. 
Any uniform resource locators given in respect of website addresses in the Base Prospectus are inactive 
textual references only and it is not intended to incorporate the contents of any such websites into this 
Base Prospectus (except as specified in the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference") nor should 
the contents of such websites be deemed to be incorporated into this Base Prospectus. 
12. 
 Allen & Overy LLP have acted as legal adviser to the Issuer and Guarantor as to Spanish law in relation 
to the establishment of the Programme. 
13. 
In relation to this Programme, Bankinter, S.A. acts in its capacity as Arranger of and a Dealer under the 
Programme. Prospective investors should note that Bankinter, S.A. is also the Guarantor under the 
Programme. 
14. 
There are no material contracts which could result in any member of the Bankinter consolidated group 
of companies being under an obligation that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to 
the Noteholders. 
15. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of 
their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments 
and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Guarantor or their 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer or the 
Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer or the Guarantor consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any 
such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 271 ---
THE ISSUER 
 
Bankinter International Notes S.àr.l. 
46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy,  
L-1855 Luxembourg,  
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
THE GUARANTOR 
 
Bankinter, S.A. 
Registered Office 
Bankinter, S.A. 
Paseo de Castellana 29 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
 
Bankinter, S.A. 
Paseo de Castellana 29 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, PAYING AGENT  
AND TRANSPARENCY DIRECTIVE AGENT 
Bankinter, S.A. 
Paseo de Castellana 29 
28046 Madrid 
Spain

--- Page 272 ---
LISTING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Riverside II, Sir John Rogerson's Quay  
Grand Canal Dock  
Dublin 2 
Ireland  
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER  
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. 
Torre PwC 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259 B 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
AUDITORS TO THE GUARANTOR  
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. 
Torre PwC 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259 B 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor 
 
 
Allen & Overy 
C/ Serrano 73 
28006 Madrid 
Spain