--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE
THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS MAY ONLY BE DISTRIBUTED TO PERSONS WHO ARE NOT 
U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S (“REGULATION S”) UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”)) AND ARE OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED 
STATES.
IMPORTANT: You must read the following disclaimer before continuing. The following applies to the base 
prospectus following this page, and you are therefore advised to read this disclaimer carefully before reading, 
accessing or making any other use of the base prospectus. In accessing the base prospectus, you agree to be 
bound by the following terms and conditions, including any modifications to them anytime you receive any 
information from us as a result of such access. You acknowledge that this electronic transmission and the 
delivery of the base prospectus is intended for you only and you agree you will not forward this electronic 
transmission or the attached document to any other person.
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR 
SALE IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO 
SO. THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR 
OTHER JURISDICTION AND THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE 
UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S, EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT 
SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE 
LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS.
THE FOLLOWING BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY 
OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. ANY 
FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS, IN WHOLE OR 
IN PART, IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A 
VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
IF YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS TRANSMISSION CONTRARY TO ANY OF THE 
FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORISED AND WILL NOT BE ABLE TO 
PURCHASE ANY OF THE NOTES.
Confirmation of your representation: In order to be eligible to view this base prospectus or make an investment 
decision with respect to the securities, investors must be persons that are not, and are not acting for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons (“U.S. Persons”) as defined in Regulation S in offshore transactions in accordance 
with Regulation S. This base prospectus is being sent at your request and by accepting the e-mail and accessing 
this base prospectus, you shall be deemed to have represented to us, the arrangers (the “Arrangers”) and the 
dealers (the “Dealers”) set forth in the attached base prospectus, that (i) you consent to delivery of such base 
prospectus by electronic transmission, (ii) that you and any person you represent are not U.S. Persons, (iii) that 
the e-mail address that you gave us and to which this base prospectus has been delivered is not located in the 
United States and (iv) if you are a Hong Kong purchaser, your business involves the acquisition and disposal, 
or the holding, of securities (whether as principal or as agent) and you fall within the category of persons 
described as “professional investors” under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and 
its relevant rules. You are reminded that this base prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you 
are a person into whose possession this base prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws 
of the jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver this base 
prospectus to any other person.

--- Page 2 ---
This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United 
Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies, and other persons to 
whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons 
together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The Notes are only available to, and any invitation, offer or 
agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such Notes will be engaged in only with, relevant 
persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this Base Prospectus or any of its 
contents.
The materials relating to the offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer to sell 
or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of, securities, in any place where such offers, 
solicitations or sales are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed 
broker or dealer and the Dealers or any affiliate of the Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, 
the offering shall be deemed to be made by the Dealer or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in such 
jurisdiction.
None of the Dealers nor any of their respective directors, affiliates, advisers, agents, nor the Agents (as defined 
in the agency agreement relating to the Note programme described in the base prospectus (the “Programme”)) 
accepts any responsibility whatsoever for the contents of the base prospectus or for any statement made therein 
in connection with the Issuer or the Programme. The Dealers and their respective directors, affiliates, advisers, 
agents and the Agents accordingly each disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort, contract or 
otherwise which they might otherwise have in respect of such document or any such statement. No 
representation or warranty, express or implied, is made by any of the Dealers or their respective directors, 
affiliates, advisers or agents or the Agents as to the accuracy, completeness, verification or sufficiency of the 
information set out in this Base Prospectus and neither the Dealers nor any of their respective directors, 
affiliates, advisers or agents accepts any responsibility for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other 
person in connection with the base prospectus or the issue and offering of Notes under the Programme.
The Dealers are acting exclusively for the Issuer and no one else in connection with any offer of the securities 
described in the base prospectus. They will not regard any other person (whether or not a recipient of this Base 
Prospectus) as its client in relation to any offer of the securities described in the base prospectus and will not 
be responsible to anyone other than the Issuer for providing the protections afforded to its clients nor for giving 
advice in relation to any offer of the securities described in the document or any transaction or arrangement 
referred to herein. 
This base prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted 
via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently none 
of the Dealers nor any person who controls any Dealer, or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, 
agents or affiliates accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the 
base prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version available to you on request 
from any of the Dealers.

--- Page 3 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS
BANK MUSCAT (SAOG)
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Sultanate of Oman)
U.S.$2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Under the U.S.$2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”), Bank Muscat (SAOG) (the “Issuer”, the “Bank” or “Bank Muscat”) may, from time to time, issue Notes (the “Notes”) 
denominated in any currency agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of 
this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions described herein.
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank of Ireland”), as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank 
of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the 
subject of the Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval 
relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”) 
in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA. Application has been 
made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market (the “Regulated Market”). The Regulated 
Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related 
references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market. This Base Prospectus 
constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA 
other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to “Exempt 
Notes” are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland has 
neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. Notice of the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is 
applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes, as 
defined above) be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which will be filed with the Central Bank of Ireland.
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate principal amount of Notes, interest (if 
any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in 
a pricing supplement document (the “Pricing Supplement”). The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not 
be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by such other or further listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with Bank 
Muscat.
The Issuer has been assigned a long-term rating of Ba3 with a positive outlook and a short-term rating of Not Prime by Moody’s Investors 
Service Cyprus Limited (“Moody’s”), a long-term rating of BB with a positive outlook and a short-term rating of B by Standard & Poor’s 
Global Ratings (“Standard & Poor’s”) and a long-term rating of BB with a stable outlook and a short-term rating of B by Fitch Ratings 
Limited (“Fitch”). 
Moody’s is established in the European Union, and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”). As such, Moody’s is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(“ESMA”) on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Standard & Poor’s is not established in the EEA but the ratings it has assigned to each of the Sultanate of Oman and Bank Muscat are endorsed 
by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited in accordance with the CRA Regulation. S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is established in the 
EEA and is registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is included on the list of credit rating agencies 
published by ESMA on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation).
Fitch is established in the United Kingdom and is registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). Fitch is not established in the EEA but the ratings it has assigned to each of the 
Sultanate of Oman and Bank Muscat are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Fitch Ratings

--- Page 4 ---
Ireland Limited is established in the EEA and is registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is included on 
the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation).
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies referred to above. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating agency. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 
12 months from its date. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or 
material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period.
Programme Arrangers 
Citigroup                           HSBC
Dealers 
Barclays 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB
Emirates NBD Capital 
First Abu Dhabi Bank 
HSBC 
Mizuho 
MUFG 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking
Standard Chartered Bank
12 April 2023

--- Page 5 ---
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued 
under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. The Issuer declares that the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with 
the facts and the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms does not omit anything likely to affect 
the import of such information.
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in the section entitled “Description of 
Bank Muscat (SAOG)”. Where information in this section has been extracted from a third party source, 
the Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party sources, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 6 ---
i
IMPORTANT NOTICES
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplement to the Base Prospectus and 
with any other documents incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined herein) 
of Notes which is the subject of any Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) (both 
as defined herein), should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes.
Other than in relation to the documents which are incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus.
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under “Subscription and Sale” below that this Base Prospectus 
(including, for this purpose, each relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement) 
contains all information which is material (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the 
Notes); that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material 
respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not 
misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary 
to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, 
offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been 
made to verify the foregoing.
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, 
such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any 
Dealer.
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates, and neither 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty or accepts any 
responsibility (i) as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or (ii) 
for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the Issuer, the Base Prospectus, 
the Programme or the issue or offering of any Notes thereunder. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or 
any Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve 
any adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which 
it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. No Dealer will be 
responsible for, or for investigating, any matter which is the subject of any statement, representation, warranty 
or covenant of the Issuer contained in any of the Notes or any other agreement or document relating to any of 
the Notes, or for the execution, legality or effectiveness thereof.
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons 
into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the

--- Page 7 ---
ii
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
and other offering material relating to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. In particular, the Notes have not 
been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the “Securities 
Act”), or any securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Bearer Notes are subject 
to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or, in the case of 
Bearer Notes, delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)).
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the 
Issuer.
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer of Notes with a denomination of 
less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) only in circumstances where there is an exemption 
from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. As a result, any offer of Notes in 
any Member State of the EEA (each, a “Relevant Member State”) or the United Kingdom must be made 
pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation or Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”) from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer 
has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation 
arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. The maximum aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed 
U.S.$2,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be converted into 
U.S. dollars at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of 
the Dealer Agreement as defined under “Subscription and Sale”). The maximum aggregate principal amount 
of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, 
subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement.
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a “Member State” are references to a Member 
State of the EEA and references to “£” are to British pounds sterling.
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in 
certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.
Any websites referred to herein do not form part of this Base Prospectus.
Suitability or Appropriateness of Investment
The Notes may not be a suitable or appropriate investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes 
must determine the suitability or appropriateness of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In 
particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and 
other professional advisers, whether it:

--- Page 8 ---
iii
(i)
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement;
(ii)
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio;
(iii)
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency;
(iv)
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and
(v)
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a 
way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has 
the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor’s overall investment portfolio.
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules.
Generally, investment in emerging markets is only suitable for sophisticated investors who fully appreciate the 
significance of the risks involved in, and are familiar with, investing in emerging markets. Investors should also 
note that emerging markets such as Oman are subject to rapid change and that the information set forth in this 
Base Prospectus may become outdated relatively quickly. Moreover, financial turmoil in any emerging market 
country tends to adversely affect confidence in other emerging market countries and may cause investors to 
move their money to more developed markets. As has happened in the past, financial problems or an increase 
in the perceived risks associated with investing in emerging economies could dampen foreign investment in 
Oman and adversely affect its economy. In addition, during such times, companies that operate in emerging 
markets can face severe liquidity constraints as foreign funding sources are withdrawn. Thus, even if Oman’s 
economy remains relatively stable, financial turmoil in any other emerging market could adversely affect the 
Group’s business, as well as result in a decrease in the price of Notes issued under the Programme.
Stabilisation
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) 
(the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might

--- Page 9 ---
iv
otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or 
after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on 
behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.
Ratings
This Base Prospectus includes details of the long-term ratings assigned to the Sultanate of Oman and Bank 
Muscat by Moody’s. Moody’s is a credit rating agency established in the EEA, and is registered under the CRA 
Regulation by the relevant competent authority as set out within the list of registered credit rating agencies 
dated 31 January 2023 by ESMA (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation.
This Base Prospectus includes details of the long-term ratings assigned to the Sultanate of Oman and Bank 
Muscat by Standard & Poor’s and Fitch. Standard & Poor’s is not established in the EEA but the ratings it has 
assigned to each of the Sultanate of Oman and Bank Muscat are endorsed by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited, in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Fitch is established in the United Kingdom and is registered 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Fitch is not established in the EEA but the ratings it has assigned 
to each of the Sultanate of Oman and Bank Muscat are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation. As such, each of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited is a credit rating agency established in the EEA, and is registered under the CRA Regulation by the 
relevant competent authority as set out within the list of registered credit rating agencies dated 31 January 2023 
by ESMA (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION
Presentation of Financial Information
Historical financial statements
The financial statements relating to the Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries (the “Group”) and incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus are:
•
the audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the “2022 
Financial Statements”); and
•
the audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the “2021 
Financial Statements” and, together with the 2022 Financial Statements, the “Financial Statements”).
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(“IFRS”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, the applicable regulations of the Central 
Bank of Oman (the “CBO”), the requirements of the Commercial Companies Law of 2019, as amended (the 
“Commercial Companies Law”), and the relevant disclosure requirements of the Capital Markets Authority 
(the “CMA”). 
The Islamic window operation of the Bank, “Meethaq”, uses Financial Accounting Standards (“FAS”) issued 
by the Accounting and Auditing Organisation for Islamic Financial Institutions (“AAOIFI”) for the preparation 
and reporting of its financial information. Meethaq’s financial information is included in the results of the Bank, 
after adjusting for financial reporting differences, if any, between AAOIFI and IFRS.

--- Page 10 ---
v
The Group’s financial year ends on 31 December and references in this Base Prospectus to “2022”, “2021” and 
“2020” are to the 12-month period ending on 31 December in each such year. All audited financial information 
relating to the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 in this Base Prospectus has 
been extracted from the 2022 Financial Statements. All audited financial information relating to the financial 
year ended 31 December 2020 in this Base Prospectus has been extracted from the 2021 Financial Statements.
Independent auditors and unaudited information
The Financial Statements have been audited by Ernst & Young LLC, Oman (“EY”) independent auditors, in 
accordance with International Standards on Auditing, as stated in their reports incorporated by reference herein.
Certain financial information in this Base Prospectus is unaudited financial information which has been 
extracted without material adjustment from the accounting records of the Group which form the underlying 
basis of the Financial Statements. In particular, the financial and other ratios included under “Selected financial 
information” are unaudited.
Certain non-IFRS financial information and Alternative Performance Measures
This Base Prospectus includes certain financial information which has not been prepared in accordance with 
IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles and which may also constitute alternative 
performance measures (“APMs”) as defined in the “ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures” 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 October 2015. None of this financial 
information, which principally appears in “Selected financial information—Selected Ratios”, is subject to any 
audit or review by independent auditors.
In particular, this Base Prospectus includes references to capital and leverage ratios, such as the common equity 
tier 1 ratio and the liquidity coverage ratio. Although these ratios are not IFRS measures, the Group believes 
that they are important to understanding its capital and leverage position, particularly in light of current and 
planned future regulatory requirements to maintain these ratios above prescribed minimum levels. The APMs 
and other non IFRS measures contained in this Base Prospectus should not be considered as a substitute for 
financial measures computed in accordance with IFRS. Other companies may calculate these APMs and other 
non IFRS measures differently than the Group. Because all companies do not calculate APMs and non IFRS 
measures in the same manner, the Group’s presentation of non IFRS measures may not be comparable to other 
similarly titled measures of other banks.
Presentation of Other Information
Currencies
Unless otherwise indicated, in this Base Prospectus, all references to:
“rial” and “RO” are to the lawful currency of Oman;
“U.S. dollars” and “U.S.$” are to the lawful currency of the United States; and
“€” and “euro” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of 
the euro, as amended.
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus has been expressed in 
rial. The Group’s functional currency is the rial and the Group prepares its financial statements in rial.
The rial has been pegged to the U.S. dollar at a fixed exchange rate of RO 1.00 = U.S.$2.6008 since 1986.

--- Page 11 ---
vi
Use of benchmarks
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks. 
Details of the administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, each such administrator's name appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
maintained by ESMA (the “ESMA Benchmarks Register”) under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”), are set out below.
Benchmark
Administrator
Administrator appears on 
ESMA Benchmarks 
Register
EIBOR.............................
UAE Central Bank
No
EURIBOR .......................
European Money Markets Institute
Yes
HIBOR ............................
Hong Kong Treasury Markets 
Association
No
KIBOR ............................
State Bank of Pakistan
No
KLIBOR..........................
Bank Negara Malaysia
No
NIBOR ............................
FMDQ Group PLC
No
SAIBOR ..........................
Refinitiv Benchmark Services (UK) 
Limited
No
SHIBOR ..........................
National Interbank Funding Centre
No
SIBOR.............................
ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte. 
Ltd.
No
SOFR...............................
Federal Reserve Bank of New York
No
SONIA.............................
Bank of England
No
STIBOR...........................
Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility
No
TIBOR.............................
Japanese Bankers Association
No
TRLIBOR........................
Banks Association of Turkey
No
€STR ...............................
European Central Bank
No
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of EIBOR, HIBOR, KIBOR, KLIBOR, NIBOR, 
SAIBOR, SHIBOR, SIBOR, STIBOR, TIBOR and TRLIBOR are not included in the ESMA Benchmarks 
Register. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR is included in ESMA’s register 
of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.
As far as the Issuer is aware: (a) SOFR, SONIA and €STR do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation; and (b) the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
UAE Central Bank, Hong Kong Treasury Markets Association, State Bank of Pakistan, Bank Negara Malaysia, 
FMDQ Group PLC, Refinitiv Benchmark Services (UK) Limited, National Interbank Funding Centre, ABS 
Benchmarks Administration Co Pte. Ltd., Federal Reserve Bank of New York, Bank of England, Swedish 
Financial Benchmark Facility, Japanese Bankers Association, Banks Association of Turkey and European 
Central Bank are not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration in the European Union (the “EU”) 
(or, in each case, if located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).

--- Page 12 ---
vii
The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of an administrator.
For definitions of the benchmarks set out above, see Condition 2(a) (Definitions).
Third party and market share data
This Base Prospectus contains information regarding the Group’s business and the industry in which it operates 
and competes, which the Group has obtained from third party sources. The Group and other institutions 
operating in the financial services industry in Oman make available a wide range of financial and operational 
information to regulatory bodies, including the CBO. These bodies use certain of the data supplied to publish 
statistics relating to the Omani banking sector, among other matters. However, no assurance can be made that 
the information reported to these bodies by different market participants is, in all cases, directly comparable. 
Where third party information has been used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such information has been 
identified.
Statistical information relating to Oman included in this Base Prospectus has been derived from official public 
sources, including the CBO, the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (“OPEC”), the International 
Monetary Fund (the “IMF”), the Omani Ministry of Finance, the Oman National Centre for Statistics and 
Information (the “NCSI”) and the United States Central Intelligence Agency World Factbook (the “CIA 
Factbook”). All such statistical information may differ from that stated in other sources for a variety of reasons, 
including the use of different definitions and cut-off times. This data may subsequently be revised as new data 
becomes available and any such revised data will not be circulated by the Group to investors who have 
purchased Notes issued under the Programme.
Where information has not been independently sourced, it is the Group’s own information.
No incorporation of website information
The Bank’s website is https://www.bankmuscat.com. The information on this website or any other website 
mentioned in this Base Prospectus or any website directly or indirectly linked to these websites has not been 
verified and is not incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, and investors should not rely on it.
Definitions
References in this Base Prospectus to:
“billion” are to a thousand million;
“government” are to the government of Oman; and
“Oman” are to the Sultanate of Oman.
Rounding
Certain data in this Base Prospectus has been rounded to the nearest million rial (or as otherwise stated), with 
RO 500,000 (or its equivalent) being rounded up. As a result of such rounding, the totals of data presented in 
tables in this Base Prospectus may vary slightly from the arithmetic totals of such data. Where the number “0” 
appears in a table, it means that the relevant number has been rounded to zero. Where the symbol “—” appears, 
it means that there is no number for the particular item.
The changes, percentages or percentage changes in financial data included in this Base Prospectus are based on 
the amounts rounded to the nearest million or billion presented in this Base Prospectus. As a result, changes, 
percentages or percentage changes stated in this Base Prospectus will provide a less precise arithmetical 
reflection than they would have done if the changes, percentages or percentage changes had been calculated

--- Page 13 ---
viii
using the numbers stated in the Financial Statements, particularly where the changes, percentages or percentage 
changes relate to smaller numbers.
Notice to Residents of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are 
permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations. Any offer of Notes to any 
investor in Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (the “Saudi Investor”) must be made (i) in compliance with 
Article 8(a)(1) of the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations or (ii) by way of a limited 
offer under Article 9 of the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations, and, in each case, in 
compliance with Article 10 of the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations.
The CMA does not make any representations as to the accuracy or completeness of this Base Prospectus, and 
expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of 
this Base Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of Notes issued under the Programme should conduct their own 
due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the Notes. If you do not understand the contents of 
this Base Prospectus, you should consult an authorised financial adviser.
The Saudi Central Bank (the “SAMA”) does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness 
of this Base Prospectus and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred 
in reliance upon, any part of this Base Prospectus. In particular, prospective purchasers of the Notes agree and 
acknowledge that SAMA assumes no liability whatsoever to any purchaser of the Notes for any loss arising 
from, or incurred as a result of, the subscription of the Notes. If you do not understand the contents of this Base 
Prospectus, you should consult an authorised financial adviser.
Notice to Residents of the Kingdom of Bahrain
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Notes issued in connection with this Base Prospectus and 
related offering documents may only be offered in registered form to existing accountholders and accredited 
investors as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (the “CBB”) in the Kingdom of Bahrain where such 
investors make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$100,000 or any equivalent amount in any other currency 
or such other amount as the CBB may determine.
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain pursuant to the terms 
of Article (81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006). This Base 
Prospectus and related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
CBB. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document or material be used in connection with 
any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase any Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in the 
Kingdom of Bahrain other than to accredited investors for an offer outside the Kingdom of Bahrain.
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or related offering documents and it 
has not in any way considered the merits of the Notes to be offered for investment, whether in or outside the 
Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the 
statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever 
for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any part of the content of this Base Prospectus. 
No offer of Notes will be made to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Base Prospectus must be read 
by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to or made available to the public generally.

--- Page 14 ---
ix
Notice to Residents of Oman
The information contained in this Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in Oman as 
contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 18/2019, as amended) (the 
“Commercial Companies Law”) or Article 28 of the Securities Law of Oman (Royal Decree 46/2022). This 
Base Prospectus will only be made available to investors in Oman in accordance with Article 139 of the 
Executive Regulations of the Capital Market Law (CMA Decision 1/2009, as amended) (the “Executive 
Regulations”) by an entity duly licensed by the Oman Capital Market Authority to market non-Omani securities 
in Oman.
This Base Prospectus has not been (and will not be) filed with the Oman Capital Market Authority (except in 
accordance with Article 139 of the Executive Regulations), the CBO or any other regulatory authority in Oman 
and the Oman Capital Market Authority and the CBO do not assume responsibility for the accuracy and 
adequacy of the statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus and shall not have any liability 
to any person for damage or loss resulting from reliance on any statements or information contained herein.
Notice to Residents of the State of Qatar
Any Notes to be issued under the Programme will not be offered, sold or delivered at any time, directly or 
indirectly, in the State of Qatar (“Qatar”) (including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would 
constitute a public offering. This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by, or 
registered with, the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange or 
the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority in accordance with their regulations or any other regulations 
in Qatar. The Notes are not and will not be traded on the Qatar Stock Exchange. The Notes and interests therein 
will not be offered to investors domiciled or resident in Qatar and do not constitute debt financing in Qatar 
under the Commercial Companies Law No. (11) of 2015 or otherwise under the laws of Qatar.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act

--- Page 15 ---
x
2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by the 
PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules.
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the Financial Conduct Authority 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.
Singapore SFA product classification
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended 
from time to time, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes

--- Page 16 ---
xi
are “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
Subordinated Notes
Subordinated Notes (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) are complex financial instruments 
and are of high risk and are not a suitable or appropriate investment for all investors. In some jurisdictions, 
regulatory authorities have adopted or published laws, regulations or guidance with respect to the offer or sale 
of securities such as the Subordinated Notes to retail investors. There are risks inherent in the holding of the 
Subordinated Notes, including the risks in relation to their subordination and the circumstances in which 
Noteholders may suffer loss as a result of holding the Subordinated Notes. See “Risk Factors—Notes issued on 
a subordinated basis will be subordinated to most of the Issuer’s liabilities” for a discussion of certain 
considerations to be taken into account in connection with an investment in the Subordinated Notes

--- Page 17 ---
xii
CONTENTS
Page
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME.......................................................................................1
RISK FACTORS..................................................................................................................................................2
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.....................................................................................29
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME.....................................................................................................31
FORMS OF THE NOTES..................................................................................................................................38
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES...............................................................................................42
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...............................................................................................................................89
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT.............................................................................................................102
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM....................117
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................122
FINANCIAL REVIEW....................................................................................................................................127
DESCRIPTION OF BANK MUSCAT (SAOG) .............................................................................................152
RISK MANAGEMENT...................................................................................................................................166
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES...........................................................................................................183
OMANI BANKING SYSTEM AND PRUDENTIAL REGULATIONS .......................................................193
OVERVIEW OF OMAN .................................................................................................................................204
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................207
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE.........................................................................................................................210
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................218

--- Page 18 ---
1
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
The programme is a U.S.$2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme under which the Issuer may 
from time to time issue Notes including, without limitation, Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Index 
Linked Interest Notes (issued as Exempt Notes), Zero Coupon Notes, Dual Currency Interest Notes (issued as 
Exempt Notes) and such other Notes in accordance with and subject to all applicable laws and regulations and 
denominated in any currency, subject as set out herein. The applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 19 ---
2
RISK FACTORS
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. If any of the risks described below 
materialise, the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer, and the trading 
price and liquidity of any Notes issued under the Programme could decline, in which case an investor may lose 
some or all of the value of its investment. The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the 
principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but it may be unable to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with Notes for other reasons which may not be considered 
significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be 
able to anticipate and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding 
any Notes are exhaustive.
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section.
Risks Relating to the Issuer 
The Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects are and will continue to 
be affected by economic conditions in Oman, which were significantly adversely impacted by COVID-
19 in 2020
The Group’s business is focussed on Oman and its results of operations are affected by economic conditions in 
Oman which, in turn, may be affected by regional and global economic conditions. As at 31 December 2022, 
96.3 per cent. of the Group’s net loans and advances and Islamic financing receivables (together referred to as 
its “customer loan portfolio”) were made to counterparties located in Oman, with almost all of the balance 
being made to counterparties located in other Gulf Cooperation Council (“GCC”) countries.
Oman’s economy was materially adversely affected by the Coronavirus disease 2019 (“COVID-19”), which 
was first identified in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China in late 2019. COVID-19 spread rapidly, infecting people 
around the world and spread to most countries around the world. Almost all countries that were significantly 
affected introduced measures designed to contain the spread of the virus, including border closures and 
restricting the movement of their citizens. The measures had a significant adverse impact on the global economy 
in 2020.
The economies of Oman and many other countries in the Middle East are dependent on oil and gas and related 
industries, as well as the prices and production quantities of these commodities. For example, the oil and gas 
sector is estimated to have accounted for 30.3 per cent. of Oman’s nominal gross domestic product (“GDP”) in 
2021 according to provisional data from the CBO (based on NCSI information). 
International oil prices fell significantly in the first four months of 2020, principally reflecting reduced demand 
as a result of the impact of COVID-19 containment measures around the world, and this trend was exacerbated 
by the failure of a plan proposed by OPEC officials to both the OPEC countries and other non-OPEC countries, 
including Russia, to cut global production by 1.5 million barrels. Reflecting these factors, the average price for 
a barrel of Omani crude oil was U.S.$46.0 in 2020. The annual average price for a barrel of Omani crude oil 
recovered to U.S.$64.3 in 2021 and U.S.$96.2 in 2022, as international oil prices increased in response to supply 
concerns following the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022. However, the adverse impact on oil 
prices due to the Russian oil price cap may adversely affect the global oil prices due to recalibration of demand 
from large importing countries.
The restrictive measures imposed in Oman and certain other markets, together with reduced economic activity 
in 2020, had an adverse impact on the Bank. The decrease in interest rates, together with capping of interest 
rates, waiver of interest and deferment of principal repayments resulted in lower profits and liquidity

--- Page 20 ---
3
mismatches for the Bank in 2020 compared to 2019. Additionally, the impact of non-oil GDP contraction, lower 
oil prices and lockdown measures resulted in a significant increase in impairment provisions in 2020 compared 
to 2019 and, to a lesser extent, in 2021.
Although the economy has largely recovered from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, no assurance can be 
given that there will not be any resurgence of the pandemic or any re-imposition of significant containment 
measures in the future. Any such event could result in significantly increased volatility in markets and interest 
rates, each of which has the potential, particularly if the volatility is prolonged, to materially adversely affect 
the Bank's results.
In addition, Oman’s economy remains vulnerable to sustained periods of low oil prices, which could materially 
adversely affect the Group by:

reducing the demand from its customers for financing and by adversely affecting the quality of its 
outstanding financing, thus potentially increasing its impairment losses further and so continuing to 
reduce profitability; and/or

causing certain large depositors of the Group to withdraw their deposits (in whole or in part) to address 
their own liquidity needs, resulting in the Group having to source alternative and more expensive sources 
of funding. See also “—The Group’s customer loan portfolio, investment securities and deposit base are 
all concentrated in Oman” below and “—The Group is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always 
be readily available or may only be available at significant cost” below.
In addition, to the extent that the same factors have a negative impact on the government’s spending, this could 
affect the Group’s financial condition indirectly through its impact on the oil and gas, banking, trade, 
construction, real estate and tourism sectors in particular. Further, any reduction in Oman’s revenues would 
reduce the likelihood and/or extent of government financial support being available to Omani banks, including 
the Group, should such support be needed in the future.
The Group may not be able to manage its growth effectively
The Group’s strategy includes retaining its market leadership position in Oman, which means that it will need 
to continue to grow in line with its principal competitors. The Group cannot assure, however, that it will be able 
to achieve this objective or that it will be able to manage its growth effectively. The Group’s growth strategy is 
based on growing organically in Oman and growing regionally both through opportunistic acquisitions and 
organically through leveraging its existing regional presence to scale up business growth. 
Challenges that may result from growth include the Group’s ability to:

manage efficiently the operations and employees of expanding businesses;

hire and retain enough qualified personnel to staff new or expanded operations;

maintain its existing customer base; and

continue to compete effectively in light of increasing competition in the Omani banking sector.
In addition, challenges that are specific to acquisition-based growth include the Group’s ability to:

finance acquisitions;

integrate acquired businesses; and

assess the value, strength and weaknesses of acquisition candidates.

--- Page 21 ---
4
The Group cannot assure that it will be able to adequately address all of these challenges at all times. Any 
failure to meet these challenges could prevent it from achieving its strategic objectives and could also have a 
material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition.
The Group is exposed to credit risk and has a significant customer concentration of credit risk
Risks arising from adverse changes in the credit quality and recoverability of loans, investment securities and 
amounts due from counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Group’s businesses, principally in its 
lending and investment activities. In particular, the Group is exposed to the risk that borrowers may not repay 
their loans according to their contractual terms and that the collateral securing the payment of these loans may 
be insufficient. This risk is heightened in times of economic downturns, as was evidenced in the downturn 
resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. The Group continuously reviews and analyses its loan portfolio and 
credit risks, and the Group’s provision for losses on loans is based on, among other things, its analysis of current 
and historical delinquency rates and loan management and the valuation of the underlying assets, as well as 
numerous other management assumptions. However, these internal analyses and assumptions may give rise to 
inaccurate predictions of credit performance, particularly in volatile economic climates.
Credit losses could also arise from a deterioration in the credit quality of specific borrowers, issuers and other 
counterparties of the Group, or from a general deterioration in local or global economic conditions, or from 
systemic risks within financial systems, any or all of which could affect the recoverability and value of the 
Group’s assets and require an increase in the Group’s provisions for the impairment of loans, investment 
securities and other credit exposures.
The Group’s credit risk is increased by concentrations of risk. The Group has significant customer risk 
concentrations. For example, the Group’s funded exposure to its 10 largest corporate borrower groups 
accounted for 19.9 per cent. of its gross loans and advances and Islamic financing receivables as at 31 December 
2022 and its exposure to personal and housing loans accounted for 41.9 per cent. of its gross loans and advances 
and Islamic financing receivables as at 31 December 2022. In addition, the Group has a significant geographic 
risk concentration. See “—The Group’s customer loan portfolio, investment securities and deposit base are all 
concentrated in Oman” below.
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had IFRS impairment allowances in relation to its customer loan portfolio 
amounting to RO 558 million and carried total IFRS impairment allowances of RO 614 million compared to 
IFRS impairment allowances in relation to its customer loan portfolio amounting to RO 469 million and total 
IFRS impairment allowances of RO 536 million as at 31 December 2021 and IFRS impairment allowances in 
relation to its customer loan portfolio of RO 396 million and total IFRS impairment allowances of RO 475 
million as at 31 December 2020. Any failure by the Group to maintain the quality of its assets through effective 
risk management policies could lead to higher loan loss provisioning and result in higher levels of defaults and 
write-offs. In addition, the CBO may, at any time, amend or supplement its guidelines and require additional 
provisions to be made in respect to the Group’s loan portfolio if it determines (acting in its role as the prudential 
regulator for the Omani banking sector) that it is appropriate to do so. If any additional provisions were required 
to be made, then depending on the exact quantum and timing, such provisions could have an adverse impact on 
the Group’s financial performance.
The Group’s customer loan portfolio, investment securities and deposit base are all concentrated in 
Oman
The Group’s customer loan portfolio is concentrated, geographically, in Oman. The Group’s customer loan 
portfolio constituted 73.7 per cent. of its total assets as at 31 December 2022 and 96.3 per cent. of the Group’s 
customer loan portfolio comprised loans made to counterparties located in Oman as at the same date. Almost 
all of the remaining balances were made to counterparties located in other GCC countries.

--- Page 22 ---
5
As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s gross personal and housing loans amounted to RO 4,179 million, or 41.9 
per cent. of its total gross customer loan portfolio. The ability of its retail customers to repay these loans remains 
strongly linked to economic conditions in Oman, with increases in interest rates and unemployment levels 
among the main factors that could adversely impact the Group’s retail credit exposures.  
The Group’s investment securities constituted 12.3 per cent. of its total assets as at 31 December 2022. Of these, 
91.5 per cent. were debt securities and of the Group’s investment debt securities, 95.8 per cent. were in Omani 
issuers. 
As a result, any deterioration in general economic conditions in Oman or any failure by the Group to manage 
effectively its geographic risk and sector concentrations could lead to a deterioration in the credit quality of 
counterparties of the Group. See “—The Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects are and will continue to be affected by economic conditions in Oman, which were significantly 
adversely impacted by COVID-19 in 2020” above.
The Group’s customers’ deposits (including its Islamic customers’ deposits) constituted 67.7 per cent. of its 
total liabilities and equity as at 31 December 2022 and 95.2 per cent. of its customer deposits as at 31 December 
2022 had been accepted from Omani counterparties. As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s top 20 customer 
deposits constituted 31.8 per cent. of its customers' deposits and Islamic customers' deposits. A substantial 
portion of the Group’s funding requirements are met through short-term and long-term deposits by government-
related entities. As at 31 December 2022, deposits from ministries and other government organisations 
accounted for 30.4 per cent. of the Group’s customers' deposits and Islamic customers' deposits compared to 
28.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2021.
Any withdrawal of a significant portion of these large deposits could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, results of operation and financial condition, as well as its ability to meet CBO regulations 
relating to liquidity. Any such withdrawal could require the Group to seek additional sources of funding 
(whether in the form of deposits or wholesale funding), which may not be available to the Group on 
commercially acceptable terms or at all. Any failure to obtain replacement funding would be likely to negatively 
impact the Group’s ability to maintain or grow its loan portfolio or otherwise increase its overall cost of funding, 
any of which could have a material adverse effect on its business.
A significant decrease in the quality of the Group’s customer loan portfolio could materially adversely 
affect its business
The Group’s IFRS stage 3 loans and advances were RO 371 million as at 31 December 2022 compared to RO 
356 million as at 31 December 2021 and RO 338 million as at 31 December 2020. The Group’s impaired loans 
ratio (defined as the ratio of stage 3 loans and advances and Islamic financing receivables to total gross customer 
loans and advances and Islamic financing receivables) amounted to 3.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2022 
compared to 3.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 and 3.6 per cent. as at 31 December 2020.
The Group’s IFRS stage 2 and stage 3 impairment allowance on loans and advances amounted to RO 232 
million and RO 308 million, respectively, as at 31 December 2022 compared to RO 152 million and RO 286 
million, respectively, as at 31 December 2021 and RO 112 million and RO 265 million, respectively, as at 31 
December 2020. The Group’s stage 2 impairment allowance was 12.4 per cent. of its stage 2 gross customer 
loan portfolio as at 31 December 2022, 7.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 and 6.1 per cent. as at 31 December 
2020. The Group’s stage 3 impairment allowance was 83.0 per cent. of its stage 3 gross customer loan portfolio 
as at 31 December 2022, 80.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 and 78.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2020.
The gross carrying amount of the Group’s loans with restructured terms amounted to RO 1,196 million as at 31 
December 2022 compared to RO 610 million as at 31 December 2021 and RO 341 million as at 31 December 
2020. This includes rescheduled credit facilities of customers affected by the pandemic in line with CBO

--- Page 23 ---
6
guidance, amounting to RO 1,060 million as at 31 December 2022 compared to RO 250 million as at 31 
December 2021.
Any significant deterioration in the Group’s customer loan portfolio in future years could result in increased 
impairments and thus materially adversely affect its business.
The Group’s credit risk may be increased by the fact some of its debtors are unable or unwilling to 
provide the quality and quantity of financial data sought by the Group and by limitations on its ability 
to enforce security in Oman
Although the Group requires regular disclosure of its debtors’ financial information, some debtors, especially 
retail customers and small and medium-sized enterprises (“SMEs”), do not, or are unable to, provide the quality 
and quantity of information sought by the Group. Furthermore, such financial data may not always present a 
complete and comparable picture of each such debtor’s financial condition. 
The unavailability of an adequate quantity or quality of financial data in respect of some of its debtors may 
result in the Group’s failure to accurately assess the financial condition and creditworthiness of those debtors, 
leading to an increase in impairment allowances, particularly at times when economic conditions deteriorate.
The practice of mortgaging or pledging assets (such as share pledges or legal mortgage security over real estate 
assets) to obtain a bank loan is subject to certain limitations and administrative restrictions under Oman law. 
As a result, security over certain assets may not be enforced in Omani courts. Furthermore, there are no self-
help remedies available to creditors in an enforcement scenario under Oman law and therefore recourse is only 
available through a formal court process. Accordingly, the Group may have difficulty foreclosing on collateral 
(including any real estate collateral) or enforcing guarantees or other third party credit support arrangements 
when debtors default on their loans.
In addition, even if such security interests are enforceable in Omani courts, the time and costs associated with 
enforcing security interests in Oman may make it uneconomic for the Group to pursue such proceedings, 
adversely affecting the Group’s ability to recover its loan losses. Even in the event that the Group acquires real 
estate assets as a result of enforcement of security, the Banking Law of Oman requires the Group to dispose of 
the real estate within 12 months of it being acquired unless an extension has been obtained from the CBO.
The Group is exposed to declining property values in Oman on the collateral supporting its loans 
secured by mortgages over real estate
The Group’s total gross customer loan portfolio as at 31 December 2022 was RO 9,975 million, which included 
loans secured by mortgages over real estate. The estimated fair value of the Group’s real estate collateral held 
against this portfolio amounted to RO 6,714 million as at 31 December 2022. Negative economic and other 
factors could lead to a contraction in the residential mortgage and commercial lending markets and to decreases 
in residential and commercial property prices. This would adversely affect the value of the Group’s collateral 
and could lead to increased impairment charges which would reduce the Group’s profitability.
The Group has significant credit-related contingent liabilities and commitments that may lead to 
substantial potential losses
As part of the Group’s lending and trade-related activities, the Group provide guarantees and letters of credit, 
which are commitments to make payments on behalf of customers contingent upon the failure of the customer 
to satisfy its obligations supported by the commitment. Although these commitments are contingent and 
therefore off-balance sheet, they nonetheless subject the Group to related credit risk. Credit-related 
commitments are subject to the same credit approval and compliance procedures as loans and advances and 
commitments to extend credit are contingent on customers maintaining specific credit standards. As at 31 
December 2022, the Group had RO 2,038 million of credit-related contingent liabilities and commitments

--- Page 24 ---
7
outstanding, being 13.8 per cent. of its total assets plus credit-related contingent liabilities and commitments. 
Although the Group anticipates that only a portion of its obligations in respect of these commitments will be 
triggered, it may become obligated to make payments in respect of a greater portion of such commitments than 
originally anticipated, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and 
financial condition.
The Group could be adversely affected by the weakness or the perceived weakness of other financial 
institutions and counterparties, which could result in significant systemic liquidity problems, losses or 
defaults
Against the backdrop of constraints on liquidity and the high cost of funds in the interbank market, and given 
the high level of interdependence between financial institutions that became most evident following the 
bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers in 2008, the Group is subject to the risk of deterioration of the commercial and 
financial soundness, or perceived soundness, of other financial institutions. Within the financial services 
industry, the default of any one institution could lead to significant losses, and potentially defaults, by other 
institutions. As was experienced globally in 2008 and 2009, concerns about, or a default by, one institution 
could also lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, because the commercial 
and financial soundness of many financial institutions is closely related as a result of their credit, trading, 
clearing or other relationships. Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a 
counterparty may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by the Group or other 
institutions. This risk, often referred to as “systemic risk”, may also adversely affect other financial 
intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, securities firms and exchanges, with whom the Group 
interacts on a daily basis. The likelihood that systemic risk may occur has been increased by the recent collapse 
of banks such as Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank in the United States and Credit Suisse in Europe. 
Systemic risk, should it materialise, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s ability to raise new 
funding and on its business and prospects. 
The Group is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always be readily available or may only be 
available at significant cost
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will be unable to meet its obligations, including funding commitments, 
as they become due. This risk is inherent in banking operations and can be heightened by a number of enterprise-
specific factors, including over-reliance on a particular source of funding (including, for example, short-term 
and overnight funding), changes in credit ratings or market-wide phenomena such as market dislocation and 
major disasters. Credit markets worldwide experienced a prolonged severe reduction in liquidity in the final 
quarter of 2008 and the first half of 2009. Since then, market conditions have been volatile with financial 
institutions continuing to experience periods of reduced liquidity.
The perception of counterparty risk between banks has also increased significantly since the final quarter of 
2008, which has led to reductions in certain traditional sources of liquidity, such as the debt markets, asset sales 
and redemption of investments. The recent collapse of banks such as Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank 
in the United States and Credit Suisse in Europe has also increased counterparty risk. The Group’s access to 
these traditional sources of liquidity may, at times, be restricted or available only at a higher cost. 
In addition, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit markets may limit the Group’s ability to refinance 
maturing liabilities with long-term funding or increase the cost of such funding. The Group’s access to any 
additional financing it may need will depend on a variety of factors, including market conditions, the availability 
of credit generally and to borrowers in the financial services industry specifically, and the Group’s financial 
condition, credit ratings and credit capacity.
The Group has historically relied on customers’ deposits, which are mainly short-term in nature, to meet most 
of its funding needs. The availability of deposits is subject to fluctuation due to factors outside the Group’s

--- Page 25 ---
8
control, including possible loss of confidence and competitive pressures, and this could result in a significant 
outflow of deposits within a short period of time. As at 31 December 2022, approximately 19.4 per cent. of the 
Group’s total customer deposits (including Islamic customer deposits) had remaining maturities of three months 
or less or were payable on demand and approximately 39.6 per cent. had remaining maturities of one year or 
less or were payable on demand. In addition, the Group is reliant on certain large deposits from a limited group 
of government-related and private sector corporate customers. See “—The Group’s customer loan portfolio, 
investment securities and deposit base are all concentrated in Oman” above.
If a substantial portion of the Group’s depositors withdraw their demand deposits or do not roll over their time 
deposits at maturity, the Group may need to seek other sources of funding or may have to sell assets to meet its 
funding requirements. There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to obtain additional funding as and 
when required or at prices that will not affect the Group’s ability to compete effectively and, if the Group is 
forced to sell assets to meet its funding requirements, it may suffer material losses as a result. In extreme cases, 
if the Group is unable to refinance or replace such deposits with alternative sources of funding to meet its 
liquidity needs, through customers’ deposits, interbank borrowing, capital markets or asset sales, this would 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business and prospects and could, potentially, result in its 
insolvency.
The Group is subject to extensive regulation and compliance with changes in, or the interpretation and 
enforcement of, this regulation may be costly and any failure by the Group to comply with this 
regulation may result in the application of penalties to the Group
The Group is subject to a number of prudential and regulatory controls designed to maintain the safety and 
soundness of banks, ensure their compliance with economic and other objectives and limit their exposure to 
risk. These controls include laws and regulations promulgated by the CBO, the CMA and the Muscat Stock 
Exchange (the “MSX”) and these controls are further described under “Omani Banking System and Prudential 
Regulations”.
In addition, in order to carry out and expand its businesses, it is necessary for the Group to maintain or obtain 
a variety of licences, permits, approvals and consents from various regulatory, legal, administrative, tax and 
other governmental authorities and agencies. The processes for obtaining these licences, permits, approvals and 
consents are often lengthy, complex, unpredictable and costly. If the Group is unable to maintain or obtain the 
relevant licences, permits, approvals and consents, its ability to achieve its strategic objectives could be 
impaired.
The regulations to which the Group is subject may limit its ability to carry on certain parts of its business, 
increase its loan portfolio or raise capital or may impose significant additional costs on the Group. Changes in 
these laws and regulations (such as pursuant to Basel III) and the manner in which they are interpreted or 
enforced may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial 
condition, liquidity and prospects and thereby affect its ability to make payments in respect of Notes issued 
under the Programme.
Changes in applicable regulations may also increase the Group’s cost of doing business. For example, in 
December 2021, the CBO issued the Financial Consumer Protection regulatory framework which gives the 
CBO broad powers to regulate Omani banks. In addition, it has been announced that the CBO is currently 
reviewing a draft of a new banking law which is currently under the process of legislative procedures. The new 
banking law is expected to take into account current and emerging trends and developments in the banking and 
financial services industry. The draft has not been issued to the public. There is currently no announced timing 
for the release of the draft law.
It is not always possible for the Group to anticipate when a new regulation will be introduced by the Omani 
authorities. This creates a risk that the Group’s profitability may be adversely affected as a result of it being

--- Page 26 ---
9
unable to adequately prepare for regulatory changes. In addition, increased regulations or changes in laws and 
regulations and the manner in which they are interpreted or enforced may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. Furthermore, non-compliance by the 
Group with any applicable regulations could expose the Group to potential liabilities and fines, which may be 
significant.
The Group is also required to comply with applicable know your customer, anti-money laundering and counter-
terrorism financing laws and regulations, including those related to countries subject to national or international 
sanctions, and applicable anti-corruption laws in the jurisdictions in which it conducts business. To the extent 
that the Group fails or is perceived to fail to comply with these and other applicable laws and regulations, its 
reputation could be materially damaged, with consequent adverse effects on its business and prospects.
A negative change in the Bank’s credit ratings could limit its ability to raise funding and may increase 
its borrowing costs
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank has long-term foreign currency ratings of:

Ba3 with positive outlook from Moody’s;

BB with positive outlook from Standard & Poor’s; and

BB with stable outlook from Fitch.
These ratings, which are intended to measure the Bank’s ability to meet its debt obligations as they mature, are 
an important factor in determining the Bank’s cost of borrowing funds.
The Bank’s rating is closely related to the government’s rating.
In March 2019, Moody’s downgraded the long-term local and foreign currency deposit ratings of four Omani 
banks, including the Bank, to Ba1 (negative outlook), following the downgrade of the Omani government’s 
rating to Ba1 (negative outlook). In March 2020, Moody’s downgraded the rating of the Bank from Ba1 to Ba2 
(stable outlook) following the downgrade of the Omani government’s rating to Ba2 (stable outlook). In April 
2020, Moody’s placed the Bank’s rating under review for possible downgrade and in June 2020 it reduced the 
rating to Ba3 (negative outlook). Both these actions followed equivalent actions taken by Moody’s with respect 
to the Omani government’s rating. In October 2021, Moody’s changed the outlook on the Bank’s rating to 
stable and in October 2022 it changed the outlook to positive, in both cases in line with its rating of the Omani 
government.
In March 2020, Standard & Poor’s downgraded the Bank’s rating to BB- (negative outlook) following its 
downgrade of the Omani government’s rating to the same level. In October 2020, Standard & Poor’s increased 
the Bank’s rating to B+ (stable outlook), in line with its rating of the Omani government, and then changed the 
outlook to positive in October 2021. In April 2022 and November 2022, Standard & Poor’s increased the Bank’s 
ratings to BB- (stable outlook) and BB (stable outlook), respectively, again in line with its ratings of the Omani 
government. In April 2023, Standard & Poor’s increased the Bank’s rating to BB (positive outlook) again in 
line with its rating of the Omani government.
In March and August 2020, Fitch downgraded both the Omani government’s and the Bank’s ratings to BB 
(negative outlook) and then BB- (negative outlook), respectively. In January 2022, Fitch changed the outlook 
on the Bank’s rating to stable and, in August 2022, it increased the rating to BB (stable outlook) in line with its 
rating of the Omani government. 
However, it is important to note that the Omani government is under no obligation (contractual or otherwise) 
to support any Omani bank (including the Bank) and there is no certainty that the government will do so in the

--- Page 27 ---
10
future. As a result, investors should not rely on there being any such future support in making their investment 
decision.
A downgrade of any of the Bank’s credit ratings, or a negative change in outlook, may limit the Group’s ability 
to raise funding and increase its cost of borrowing, which could adversely affect its business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. A downgrade of any of the Bank’s credit ratings (or 
announcement of a negative change in ratings outlook) may also limit the Group’s ability to raise capital. 
Moreover, actual or anticipated changes in the Bank’s credit rating may affect the market value of any Notes 
issued under the Programme.
In addition, the credit rating assigned to the Bank may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to an 
investment in Notes issued under the Programme, the market or any additional factors discussed in this Base 
Prospectus, and other factors may affect the value of such Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold the securities. Ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating organisation and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
The Group could be adversely affected by market risks 
The Group’s financial condition and results of operations could be affected by market risks that are outside its 
control, including, without limitation, volatility in interest rates, prices of securities and foreign exchange rates. 
Fluctuations in interest rates could adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations in 
many ways. In particular, an increase in interest rates generally may decrease the value of the Group’s fixed-
rate loans and the debt securities in its investment securities portfolio and may raise the Group’s funding costs. 
As a result, the Group may experience a reduction in its net interest income. See note 41.4.4 to each of the 
Financial Statements which illustrates the Group’s interest rate sensitivity as at 31 December in each of 2022, 
2021 and 2020 and also “Risk Management—Market risk—Interest rate risk”. Interest rates are sensitive to 
many factors beyond the Group’s control, including the policies of central banks, such as the CBO and the U.S. 
Federal Reserve (which, principally in response to increases in inflation, has increased interest rates on multiple 
occasions since March 2022 resulting in a 4.75 per cent. increase since that time), political factors and domestic 
and international economic conditions.
The Group’s financial condition and results of operations may also be affected by changes in the market value 
of its investment securities portfolio. The Group earns interest income on the debt securities comprised in the 
portfolio. It also realises gains and losses on the sale of securities and records unrealised gains and losses 
resulting from the fair valuation of the securities at each balance sheet date in its statement of comprehensive 
income. The level of the Group’s income from its investment securities depends on numerous factors beyond 
the Group’s control, such as overall market trading activity, interest rate levels, fluctuations in currency 
exchange rates and general market volatility. In addition, the fair value of the Group’s fixed income investment 
securities changes in response to perceived changes in the credit quality of the issuers of the securities as well 
as changes in interest and currency exchange rates. For example, in an increasing interest rate environment the 
fair values of the Group’s fixed rate investment securities are likely to decline which could expose the Group 
to fair valuation losses or losses on the sale of such securities. Similarly, a decline in the credit quality of any 
of the issuers of the debt securities held by the Group could result in the Group making impairments or write-
offs in respect of those securities. See note 41.4.3 to each of the Financial Statements which illustrates the price 
sensitivity of the Group’s equity portfolio as at 31 December in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020.
Adverse movements in foreign exchange rates may also adversely impact the revenue and financial condition 
of the Group’s depositors and borrowers, including those who borrow or deposit in foreign currencies or whose 
businesses have foreign currency exposures, which, in turn, may impact the Group’s deposit base and the quality 
of its exposures to certain borrowers. In general, the Group aims to make foreign currency loans on terms that 
are generally similar to its foreign currency borrowings, thereby naturally hedging its exposure. Where this is

--- Page 28 ---
11
not possible, it generally relies on derivative instruments to match the currencies of its assets and liabilities. 
Any open currency position is maintained within the limits set by the CBO. However, where the Group is not 
hedged, it is exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and any hedging strategy that it uses may not 
always be effective. Adverse movements in foreign exchange rates also may impact the creditworthiness of its 
depositors and borrowers negatively, which in turn may impact on its deposit base and the quality of its 
exposures to certain borrowers. Any volatility in foreign exchange rates, including as a result of the re-fixing 
of the rial–dollar exchange rate (or the elimination of the pegged rate altogether), could have a material adverse 
effect on its business. See note 41.4.2 to each of the Financial Statements which illustrates the sensitivity of the 
Group’s foreign exchange exposure to changes in non-parity foreign currency prices as at 31 December in each 
of 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
The Group depends on complex information technology systems, the failure, ineffectiveness or 
disruption of which could have a material adverse effect on it
The Group is dependent on sophisticated information technology (“IT”) systems, the failure, ineffectiveness or 
disruption of which could materially adversely affect the Group’s businesses. The Group uses T24 from 
Temenos as its core banking system and Murex as its core treasury dealing system for conventional business 
and Imal from Path Solutions for its Islamic window businesses. In addition, there are number of other systems 
and sub-systems to support the businesses and operations of the Group.
The proper functioning of the Group’s financial control, risk management, credit analysis and reporting, 
accounting, customer service and other information technology systems, as well as the communication networks 
between its branches and main data processing centres, are critical to the Group’s business and ability to 
compete effectively. The Group’s business activities would be materially disrupted if there is a partial or 
complete failure of any of these information technology systems or communications networks. Such failures 
can be caused by a variety of factors, many of which are wholly or partially outside the Group’s control 
including natural disasters, extended power outages and computer viruses or other malicious intrusions, see “—
The Group's business is dependent on its IT systems which are subject to potential cyber-attack” below.
The Group relies on third party service providers for certain aspects of its business operations. Any interruption 
or deterioration in the performance of these third parties or failures of their information systems and technology 
could impair the quality of the Group’s operations and could impact its reputation.
The proper functioning of the Group’s information technology systems also depends on accurate and reliable 
data and other system input, which are subject to human errors. Any failure or delay in recording or processing 
the Group’s transaction data could subject it to claims for losses and regulatory fines and penalties. The Group 
has implemented and tested business continuity plans and processes as well as disaster recovery procedures, 
but there can be no assurance that these safeguards will be fully effective and any failure may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business and reputation.
The Group's business is dependent on its IT systems which are subject to potential cyber-attack
In common with other financial institutions globally, the threat to the security of the Group's information and 
customer data from security breaches and cyber-attacks presents a real and growing risk to the Group's business. 
Activists, rogue states and cyber criminals are among those targeting IT systems around the world. Risks to 
technology and cyber-security evolve and change rapidly and require continued focus, monitoring and 
investment in preventative measures. Given the increasing sophistication and scope of potential cyber-attack, 
it is possible that future attacks may lead to significant breaches of security. A failure to adequately manage 
cyber-security risk and continually monitor, review and update current processes in response to new threats 
could have a number of material adverse effects on the Group, including disruption to its business, unauthorised 
disclosure of confidential information, significant financial and/or legal exposure and damage to its reputation.

--- Page 29 ---
12
The Group’s risk management policies and procedures may not be effective in all circumstances and 
may leave it exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks
The Group’s risk management strategies and internal controls may not be effective in all circumstances and 
may leave the Group exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks. There can be no assurance that the Group’s 
risk management and internal control policies and procedures will adequately control, or protect the Group 
against, all credit, liquidity, market, operational and other risks. In addition, certain risks may not be accurately 
quantified by the Group’s risk management systems. Some of the Group’s methods of managing risk are based 
upon the use of historical market data which, as evidenced by events caused by the global financial crisis, may 
not always accurately predict future risk exposures, which could be significantly greater than historical 
measures indicate. In addition, certain risks could be greater than the Group’s empirical data would otherwise 
indicate.
Other risk management methods depend upon evaluation of information regarding the markets in which the 
Group operates, its clients or other matters that are publicly available or information otherwise accessible to the 
Group. This information may not be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated in all cases. Any 
material deficiency in the Group’s risk management or other internal control policies or procedures may expose 
it to significant credit, liquidity, market or operational risk, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business.
The Group’s ability to manage operational risks is dependent upon its internal compliance systems, 
which might not be fully effective in all circumstances
Operational risk and losses can result from fraud, errors by employees, failure to document transactions properly 
or to obtain proper internal authorisation, failure to comply with regulatory requirements and conduct of 
business rules, systems and equipment failures, natural disasters or the failure of external systems (for example, 
those of the Group’s counterparties or vendors). The Group has implemented risk controls and loss mitigation 
strategies, and substantial resources are devoted to developing efficient procedures and to staff training, but it 
is not possible to eliminate entirely each of the potential operational risks the Group faces.
The Group’s ability to manage operational risk, including its ability to comply with all applicable regulations 
is largely dependent on its maintenance of compliance, audit and reporting systems and procedures, and its 
ability to attract and retain personnel qualified to manage and monitor such systems and procedures. Although 
the Group is subject to external audit and oversight by regulatory authorities, including regular examination 
activity, performs regular internal audits to monitor and test its compliance systems, the Group cannot be certain 
that these systems and procedures will be fully effective in all circumstances, particularly in the case of 
deliberate employee misconduct or other frauds perpetrated against the Group. In the case of actual or alleged 
non-compliance with applicable regulations, the Group could be subject to investigations and judicial or 
administrative proceedings that may result in substantial penalties or civil lawsuits for damages. Any of these 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business.
The Group may need to raise further capital in the future for a variety of reasons and such capital may 
be difficult to raise when needed
As at 31 December 2022, the Bank’s tier 1 and total capital adequacy ratios (each as determined in accordance 
with Basel III requirements as adopted by the CBO) were 20.11 per cent. and 21.25 per cent., compared to the 
CBO’s requirements of a minimum tier 1 capital adequacy ratio of 11.25 per cent. and a minimum total capital 
ratio (including buffers and the additional charge for a bank which is a domestic systemically important bank 
(“D-SIB”)) of 13.25 per cent. The Bank is a D-SIB.
A variety of factors affect the Group’s capital adequacy levels, including, in particular, changes in its risk 
weighted assets and its profitability from period to period. A significant increase in lending in the future is 
likely to reduce the Group’s capital adequacy ratios and any future losses experienced by it would have a similar

--- Page 30 ---
13
effect. In addition, regulatory requirements in relation to the calculation of capital adequacy and required levels 
of capital adequacy change from time to time. The Group may also need to increase its capital as a result of 
market perceptions of adequate capitalisation levels and the perceptions of rating agencies. 
The Group may need to obtain additional capital in the future. Such capital, whether in the form of debt 
financing or additional equity, may not be available on commercially favourable terms, or at all. Moreover, 
should the Group’s capital ratios fall close to regulatory minimum levels or the Group’s own internal minimum 
levels, the Group may need to adjust its business practices, including reducing the risk and leverage of certain 
activities. If the Group is unable to maintain satisfactory capital adequacy ratios, its credit ratings may be 
lowered and its cost of funding may therefore increase.
The Group is exposed to reputational risks related to its operations and industry
All financial institutions depend on the trust and confidence of their customers to succeed in their business. The 
Group is exposed to the risk that litigation, misconduct, operational failures, negative publicity and press 
speculation, whether or not valid, will harm its reputation. The Group’s reputation may also be adversely 
affected by the conduct of third parties over whom it has no control, including entities to which it lends money 
or in which it has invested. In common with other banks, the Group is also exposed to adverse publicity relating 
to the financial services industry as a whole. Financial scandals unrelated to the Group or questionable ethical 
conduct by a competitor may taint the reputation of the industry and affect the perception of investors, public 
opinion and the attitude of regulators. Any damage to the Group’s reputation could cause existing customers to 
withdraw their business and lead potential customers to be reluctant to do business with the Group. Any of these 
developments could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business. Although the Group has a framework for 
measuring reputational risk which is designed to identify its strengths, weaknesses and evolving trends that 
impact its reputational risk, there can be no assurance that this framework or any measures which it takes in 
response to perceived threats will be effective in all cases.
The Group relies on certain executive officers, the loss of whom could adversely affect its business
Certain members of the Bank’s current senior management team have been with the Group (or its predecessor 
entities) for substantial periods of time. The Group believes that these executives contribute significant 
experience and expertise to the Bank’s management across its operations. The Group’s continuing success 
depends, in part, on its ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate qualified and experienced banking and 
management personnel. Competition in the Omani market for such individuals is intense, due to the relatively 
small number of qualified persons available. If any key members of management become unwilling or unable 
to continue in their role, or if the Group is unable to attract or promote and retain other qualified executives, it 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition.
The Group may become subject to increasingly intense competition
The Omani banking sector is competitive, particularly in the corporate and retail banking areas. Increasing 
investment in the sector by Omani financial institutions other than banks (such as finance companies), as well 
as non-Omani financial institutions (particularly with respect to large scale financing, such as project finance), 
has facilitated the use of a wider range of financing sources by corporate customers (such as bond and share 
issuances) and increased the range and technological sophistication of products and services being offered to 
both the corporate and retail banking markets in Oman. Although the Group offers a wide range of financing 
sources and continues to focus on enhancing its product and service offerings, furthering the quality of its 
customer service and improving its delivery channels, the Group cannot assure that some of its customers will 
not choose to transfer some or all of their business to its competitors or to seek alternative sources of financing 
from those competitors. Such choices could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition.

--- Page 31 ---
14
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Oman banking industry is dominated by three banks (including the 
Bank) which accounted for approximately 58.6 per cent. of the total credit in the banking system as at 31 
December 2022 (based on an analysis of their published financial statements and CBO data for total credit in 
the Omani banking system). As at 31 December 2022, the Bank was the largest bank in Oman by total assets, 
representing 34.1 per cent. of total assets in the Omani banking system (based on an analysis of the Bank’s 
published financial statements and CBO data for total assets in the Omani banking system). Given the overlap 
in services offered and the customer base in Oman, it is possible that one or more of the Bank’s competitors 
may choose to merge or consolidate their operations. The benefits which may result from such a merger or 
consolidation may enable the Bank’s competitors to significantly enhance their financial resources, access to 
funding and product offerings. In July 2020, Al Izz Islamic Bank SAOC was acquired by Oman Arab Bank 
SAOG and now operates the Islamic banking business of Oman Arab Bank SAOG. In addition, in June 2022, 
Sohar International Bank SAOG (“Sohar International”) confirmed that it was pursuing separate merger 
transactions with Bank Nizwa SAOG and HSBC Bank Oman SAOG (“HSBC Oman”). In November 2022, 
Sohar International announced that it had entered into a binding merger agreement with HSBC Oman under 
which all of HSBC Oman’s assets and liabilities would be transferred to Sohar International and HSBC Oman 
would cease to exist as a legal entity. In February 2023, Sohar International announced that it had received 
CBO approval for its proposed merger with HSBC Oman.
The Group may have difficulty managing its overseas operations and strategic investments successfully
The Group has sought and continues to seek to expand and enhance its operations from time to time by forming 
overseas branches or making strategic investments in certain businesses.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group’s international banking segment comprise branches in Kuwait 
and Saudi Arabia, representative offices in Dubai, Singapore and Iran and an associate, SICO BSC(c), in 
Bahrain. These operations form a key part of the Group’s objectives of establishing a regional network to meet 
the needs of its customers and be a visible regional player in the medium term. The Group’s international 
banking segment generated a net profit of RO 3.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 and a net loss 
of RO 3.3 million in the corresponding period of 2021.
The interests of the Bank’s shareholders may, in certain circumstances, conflict with those of 
Noteholders
Investors should be aware that the interests of the Bank’s shareholders may, in certain circumstances, be 
different from those of the Bank’s creditors (including the holders of Notes issued under the Programme) and, 
in those circumstances, the holders of such Notes could be disadvantaged.
The Bank is exposed to an increased tax burden as a result of changes in the Omani Tax Law
In connection with certain changes to Income Tax Law (Sultani Decree No. 28/2009, as amended) and its 
Executive Regulations (MD 30/2012, as amended) (the “Omani Tax Law”), which came into force on 27 
February 2017, withholding tax is to be levied on the gross amount of certain categories of income (as specified 
under “Taxation — Withholding Taxes in Oman” below) paid or credited to the account of any non-resident 
person, being foreign companies that do not have a permanent establishment in Oman and those that carry on 
business through a permanent establishment but do not include the accrued income in the gross income of that 
permanent establishment. 
An amendment to the Executive Regulations of the Tax Law (MD 30/2012) (the “Executive Regulations”) by 
Ministerial Decision 14/2019 (MD 14/2019) clarified that interest payable on bonds and sukuk issued by the 
Government or banks incorporated in Oman, would not be subject to withholding tax under Article 52 of the 
Omani Tax Law.

--- Page 32 ---
15
Subsequently, the CMA on 15 May 2019 announced that on the basis of a Royal Directive, withholding tax 
applicable on cross-border payments of interest and dividends would be suspended for a period of three years 
effective from 6 May 2019 (the "Tax Suspension"). The Tax Suspension applies to all Omani companies and 
is not restricted to the Government and banks incorporated in Oman (as provided for in the amendment to the 
Executive Regulations pursuant to MD 14/2019). The Tax Suspension was further extended up to 2024 as part 
of an incentive in an economic stimulus plan announced by His Majesty Sultan Haitham bin Tarik on 9 March 
2021.
Currently, companies in Oman, including the Bank, making payment of interest to persons who are not Oman 
tax residents are not obliged to deduct withholding tax on such payments. However, any future obligation to 
gross up withholding tax on interest payments to persons who are not Oman tax residents would increase the 
Bank's finance costs in connection with its borrowings, including Notes issued under the Programme.
In addition, with effect from 27 February 2017, the threshold below which income is not taxed was eliminated 
(from RO 30,000), and the rate of tax to which the Bank is subject was increased to 15 per cent. (from 12 per 
cent.). Any future increases in the Bank’s tax burden could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition and, if continued, adversely affect the Bank’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations in respect of Notes issued under the Programme.
Additionally, as part of a broader, regional framework, Oman implemented value-added tax (“VAT”) on 16 
April 2021 at the rate of 5 per cent. With effect from 16 April 2021, VAT is now payable on most goods and 
services exported to or imported from Oman.
Risks Relating to Investments in Oman and the GCC Region 
Emerging markets such as Oman are subject to greater risks than more developed markets, and 
financial volatility in emerging markets could negatively impact the Group’s business
The Group conducts almost all of its business in Oman. For example, as at 31 December 2022, 90.8 per cent. 
of its total assets were attributable to Oman and 95.2 per cent. of its customers’ deposits were attributable to 
Oman. Oman is an emerging market and therefore is subject to greater risks than more developed markets. In 
particular, specific factors related to emerging markets, such as Oman, that may have a material impact on the 
Group’s business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition include:

regional political instability, including military strikes or the outbreak of war or other hostilities 
involving nations in the region, see “—Oman is located in a region that is subject to ongoing political 
and security concerns” below;

a material curtailment of the industrial and economic infrastructure development that is currently 
underway across the Middle East and North Africa (“MENA”) region, including Oman;

possible government intervention, including expropriation or nationalisation of assets or increased levels 
of protectionism;

possible increased government regulations, or adverse governmental activities, with respect to price, 
import and export controls, the environment, customs and immigration, capital transfers, foreign 
exchange and currency controls, labour policies, land and water use and foreign ownership;

changing tax regimes, including the imposition or increase of taxes in tax favourable jurisdictions such 
as Oman;

difficulties in staffing and managing operations;

difficulties in enforcing collateral; and

--- Page 33 ---
16

difficulties and delays in obtaining governmental and other approvals for operations or renewing existing 
ones.
There can be no assurance that either the economic performance of, or political stability in, Oman or other 
countries in which the Group may in the future operate can or will be sustained. Investors should note that a 
deterioration in financial market conditions, an oil price shock, a material increase in the prevalence of COVID-
19 in Oman or the wider region, instability in certain sectors of the Omani economy or a major political upheaval 
in Oman could lead to decreased investor and consumer confidence, market volatility, economic disruption, 
and declines in real estate markets and, as a result, could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business and 
prospects.
Further, companies located in emerging markets, such as the Bank, may be particularly susceptible to 
disruptions in the capital markets and the reduced availability of credit or the increased cost of debt, which 
could result in them experiencing financial difficulty. In addition, the availability of credit to entities operating 
within the emerging markets is significantly influenced by levels of investor confidence in such markets as a 
whole and so any factors that impact market confidence (for example, a decrease in credit ratings or state or 
central bank intervention) could affect the price or availability of funding for entities, such as the Bank, within 
any of these markets.
Oman is located in a region that is subject to ongoing political and security concerns
Although Oman enjoys domestic political stability and generally healthy international relations, as a country 
located in the MENA region, there is a risk that regional geopolitical instability could impact Oman. In recent 
years there has been significant political and social unrest in a number of countries in the MENA region, ranging 
from public demonstrations, sometimes violent, in countries such as Algeria, Bahrain, Egypt, Lebanon, Tunisia 
and Turkey, to armed conflict and even civil war in countries such as Iraq, Libya, Syria, Palestine and Yemen. 
The Bank does not have operations in any MENA region countries other than Oman, Saudi Arabia and Kuwait.
Although Oman has not recently experienced terrorist attacks, such as those experienced by a number of 
countries in the MENA region including Egypt and Turkey, there can be no assurance that extremists or terrorist 
groups will not initiate violent activity in Oman. Any terrorist incidents in, or affecting, Oman or increased 
regional geopolitical instability (whether or not directly involving Oman) may have a material adverse effect 
on Oman's attractiveness for foreign investment and capital, its ability to engage in international trade, its tourist 
industry and, consequently, its economic, balance of payment and fiscal positions.
Other potential sources of instability in the region include the ongoing security situation in Iraq and Syria, the 
ongoing civil war in Yemen, an escalation in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and periodic attacks on oil facilities 
in Saudi Arabia. There has also been an escalation of tension between Iran and a number of western 
governments following the United States’ withdrawal from the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, including 
the attack on a number of oil tankers in the Strait of Hormuz, the seizure of foreign-flagged oil tankers, the 
military strike by the United States which killed a senior Iranian military commander and the retaliatory Iranian 
missile strike on United States military bases in Iraq and the decision of Iran to resume uranium enrichment 
activities. Any further deterioration in political stability in the region, or increase in conflict between the United 
States and certain governments in the MENA region, such as Iran or Syria, has the potential to adversely affect 
regional security, as well as global oil and gas prices. Such a deterioration in relations, should it materialise, 
could adversely impact Oman and broader regional security, potentially including the outbreak of a regional 
conflict.
These recent and continued developments, along with historic regional wars and terrorist acts, acts of maritime 
conflict and other forms of instability in the MENA region, could have an adverse effect on Oman's economy 
and its ability to engage in international trade which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's

--- Page 34 ---
17
business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and prospects and thereby affect the Bank's ability 
to make payments in respect of Notes issued under the Programme.
Investors should also note that the Group’s business and financial performance and its ability to make payments 
due under Notes issued under the Programme could be adversely affected by political, economic and related 
developments both within and outside the countries in which it operates because of such countries’ inter-
relationships with global financial markets.
Enforcement of foreign judgments and other proceedings in Oman
Under Notes issued under the Programme the Issuer has submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of 
England. However, since the Issuer is incorporated in and has the majority of its operations and assets in Oman, 
there may be insufficient assets of the Issuer located outside Oman to satisfy in whole any English judgments 
obtained in relation to such Notes.
Although Omani law provides for the enforcement of foreign judgments in Oman subject to the conditions set 
out in Articles 352 to 355 of the Law of Civil and Commercial Procedures (promulgated by Sultani Decree 
29/2002, as amended) (the “Law of Civil and Commercial Procedures”) being met, there have not been any 
foreign judgments (other than a judgment subject to a Gulf Co-operation Council reciprocity treaty) enforced 
in Oman. Accordingly, in the absence of the conditions set out in Articles 352 to 355 of the Law of Civil and 
Commercial Procedures being met, it may be the case that an English judgment against the Issuer may not be 
enforced before the courts of Oman without a re-examination of the merits and that such a judgment would be 
of evidential value only in such proceedings.
If any proceedings were brought in Oman in relation to Notes issued under the Programme (whether in 
connection with the enforcement of an English judgment or otherwise), no assurance can be given that an Omani 
court would recognise and give effect to the choice of English law as the governing law of all provisions of 
such Notes, particularly if any provision of English law were considered to be contrary to a mandatory provision 
of law, public order or morality of Oman or Islamic Shari’a principles.
In addition, there is no established system of precedent that would be binding on the courts in Oman. If it was 
sought to enforce any Notes issued under the Programme before the courts in Oman, it is difficult to forecast in 
advance with any degree of certainty how some of the provisions relating to such Notes would be interpreted 
and applied by those courts and whether all of the provisions of such Notes would be enforceable. Moreover, 
although there is a provision of Omani law that protects the right to charge interest, it is not beyond doubt that 
such law could be challenged as being contrary to Shari’a principles.
Foreign arbitral awards may not be recognised before the courts of Oman
Foreign arbitration awards may be enforced in Oman pursuant to (a) treaty obligations; (b) the Law of Civil 
and Commercial Procedures; or (c) the Law of Arbitration (promulgated by Sultani Decree 47/1997, as 
amended) (the “Law of Arbitration”). Oman has acceded to the New York Convention on the Recognition 
and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards of 1958 (promulgated by Sultani Decree 36/1998) (the 
“Convention”), and ratified the Riyadh Arab Convention of 1983 (promulgated by Sultani Decree 34/1999). 
In the event an award is passed in a country that is not a signatory to the Convention then it may be possible to 
enforce such an award in accordance with Articles 352 to 355 of the Law of Civil and Commercial Procedures 
pursuant to which Omani courts possess an inherent jurisdiction to enforce foreign awards. When considering 
enforcement of arbitral awards in the above circumstances, Omani courts will need to be satisfied that the 
following conditions are met (reading “judgment” as “award”): (a) that the foreign judgment was given by a 
competent arbitration tribunal in accordance with the law of the country the judgment was given in; (b) that the 
parties to the action in which the foreign judgment was rendered were summoned to appear and were validly 
represented; and (c) that the judgment or order contained nothing involving a violation of any law in force in

--- Page 35 ---
18
Oman, and that it does not conflict with a judgment or order previously rendered by a court in Oman, and 
includes nothing which offends morals or public order. The Law of Civil and Commercial Procedures also 
requires that the matter in which the award is rendered is competent to be arbitrated under Omani law and that 
the award is enforceable in the country in which it is issued. Enforcement of foreign arbitral awards in Oman is 
also directly available under the provisions of the Law of Arbitration, where the award in question has been 
rendered: (a) in Oman; or (b) in an international commercial arbitration (for example, an arbitration under 
London Court of International Arbitration (“LCIA”) or International Chamber of Commerce (“ICC”) rules) in 
which parties have specified that the Law of Arbitration shall apply.
In the event that the conditions of Articles 352 to 355 of the Law of Civil and Commercial Procedures are not 
met by a foreign arbitral award, such foreign arbitral award may be of evidentiary value only in a full hearing 
before the courts of Oman and the matter may have to be litigated de novo before the courts of Oman.
Although the Sultanate of Oman is a party to the Convention, there is only one case which has come before the 
courts of Oman where a claimant has sought to enforce a foreign arbitral award issued by a contracting state (in 
this case, the Kingdom of Denmark): Co Ro Foods AS and National Beverages Company (the “Co Ro Case”). 
In the Co Ro Case, the Supreme Court in Oman ordered the enforcement of an arbitral award issued in the 
Kingdom of Denmark in favour of Co Ro Foods AS. The Issuer has no reason to believe that the courts of 
Oman would not enforce an arbitral award without re-examination or re-litigation subject to the conditions 
specified above. It should be noted, however, that there is no doctrine of binding precedent under Omani law, 
although decisions of the Supreme Court of Oman should be persuasive.
Regulation of interest rates under Omani law
The CBO and the Ministry of Commerce, Industry and Investment Promotion (“MOCIIP”), each has the power 
to regulate interest rates in Oman. Ministerial Decision 329/2022 (Determining Return in Exchange of 
Procurement of Loan or Commercial Debt), which is issued pursuant to Article 80 of the Oman Commercial 
Law (Royal Decree 55/90, as amended) (the “Ministerial Decision”), specifies that the maximum rate of 
"return" that a creditor has the right to receive on a loan or commercial debt is 6 per cent. This decision does 
not apply to loans provided by banks and certain other entities licensed by the CBO, though there is uncertainty 
as to whether this will apply to lending to banks such as under the Notes. It is not clear whether interest on the 
Notes would fall to be regulated by the CBO or the MOCIIP and (if the latter) whether the Notes would be 
considered a loan or commercial debt as described in Ministerial Decision and what maximum rate of interest 
would apply to the Notes.
There is a possibility that the Omani courts, pursuant to Royal Decree 29/2013 (the “Civil Transactions Law”), 
may decide not to enforce provisions of a contract governed by foreign law or a judgment from a foreign court 
or arbitral award in relation to any provisions which are deemed contrary to Shari’a principles, such as the 
charging of interest, even if it is permitted by the chosen governing foreign law, although this is at odds with 
the current practice of the courts in Oman which regularly enforce contracts charging interest and the fact that 
the charging of interest is expressly permitted under Omani law.
In addition to the regulations of the MOCIIP and the CBO, Omani courts will not enforce interest claims in 
excess of what the relevant court considers just and reasonable. Accordingly, no assurance can be given as 
regards the enforceability of interest in excess of such amounts to the extent that the matter fell to be considered 
by an Omani court.
Risks Relating to the Notes Generally
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally:

--- Page 36 ---
19
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority.
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which 
there will at the time of issuance be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such 
Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued and 
for which an active trading market has developed). If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may 
trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar 
securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although application has been 
made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will 
be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the 
development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes.
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, he will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates which may adversely affect the value of his holding. In 
addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not 
receiving payments on those Notes
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the 
Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase, this will 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt Notes) specify otherwise, in the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts 
payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of Oman or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions.

--- Page 37 ---
20
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes) specify that the Notes are redeemable at the Issuer’s option, in certain other 
circumstances the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be 
relatively low. In such circumstances, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes.
Because the Global Notes and Global Registered Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and 
communication with the Issuer
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by, in the case of Bearer Notes, one or more temporary 
global notes (each, a “Temporary Global Note”), permanent global notes (each, a “Permanent Global Note” 
and, together with a Temporary Global Note, the “Global Notes”) or, in the case of Registered Notes, interests 
in a global registered note (a “Global Registered Note”). Such Global Notes and Global Registered Notes will 
be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the 
circumstances described in the relevant Global Note or Global Registered Note, investors will not be entitled 
to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial 
interests in the Global Notes or, as the case may be, Global Registered Notes. While the Notes are represented 
by one or more Global Notes or Global Registered Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests 
only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Registered Notes, the Issuer will 
discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Note or Global Registered Notes must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating 
to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Registered Notes.
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Registered Notes will not have a direct right to 
vote in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they 
are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Registered Notes will not have a direct right under the Global 
Notes or Global Registered Notes to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under 
the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant.
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed or issued) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that 
its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.

--- Page 38 ---
21
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade.
Notes issued on a subordinated basis will be subordinated to most of the Issuer’s liabilities
If, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes) specify that the Notes are Subordinated Notes, holders of such Notes should be aware that 
such Notes are unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer.
Subordinated Notes are complex financial instruments and are of high risk and are not a suitable or appropriate 
investment for all investors. In some jurisdictions, regulatory authorities have adopted or published laws, 
regulations or guidance with respect to the offer or sale of securities such as the Subordinated Notes to retail 
investors. There are risks inherent in the holding of the Subordinated Notes, including the risks in relation to 
their subordination and the circumstances in which Noteholders may suffer loss as a result of holding the 
Subordinated Notes.
In respect of such Notes, only in the event of a failure to pay by the Issuer or the dissolution, liquidation or 
insolvency of the Issuer, any bankruptcy or winding up proceedings or other similar proceedings affecting the 
Issuer or any moratorium affecting the claims of creditors of the Issuer generally, as described in Condition 
16.2 (Events of Default for Subordinated Notes), will such Notes be capable of being declared immediately due 
and payable. Notwithstanding any such declaration, any payments made on Subordinated Notes will be 
subordinated to Priority Claims (as defined in the Conditions). In the event of dissolution or insolvency of the 
Issuer or the initiation of any winding up, liquidation, bankruptcy, moratorium or other similar proceedings, the 
Issuer will be required to pay all unsubordinated creditors (including holders of Senior Notes) in full before it 
can make any payments on the Subordinated Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets 
remaining after these payments to pay amounts due under the relevant Subordinated Notes. So, although the 
Subordinated Notes may bear a higher rate of interest than comparable securities which are not subordinated, 
there is a real risk that an investor in the Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the 
Issuer become insolvent.
In the case of Subordinated Notes which form part of the regulatory capital of the Issuer, payment by the Issuer 
of principal or interest will be subject to the terms and conditions attached to the approval given to the Issuer 
by the CBO in respect of such Subordinated Notes and to the regulatory requirements of the CBO at the time 
such payment falls to be made.
Subordinated Notes will not have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge).
The Issuer’s ability to effect early redemption of Subordinated Notes shall be dependent on the terms and 
conditions attached to the approval given to the Issuer by the CBO to issue the Subordinated Notes.
Risks Relating to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features, 
distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and those which might occur in relation 
to certain types of Exempt Notes:

--- Page 39 ---
22
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return
An optional redemption feature in relation to any Note is likely to limit its market value. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period.
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at 
a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.
If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes 
concerned
Fixed/floating rate Notes are notes which may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate 
will affect the secondary market in and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to 
convert the rate when it is likely to result in a lower overall cost of borrowing for the Issuer. If the Issuer 
converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the fixed/floating rate Notes may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the 
new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than that in the then prevailing market.
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities.
Notes issued with step-up interest provisions
Notes may be issued which include a provision for the step-up of interest rates or margin or other change 
resulting in an increase in the level of interest to be paid on the Notes. Such provisions may be coupled with a 
call option in favour of the Issuer allowing it to redeem the Notes at an earlier date than the designated maturity 
date. Investors should be aware that provisions relating to step-up interest may incentivise the Issuer to exercise 
its option to call and redeem the Notes early.
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative 
practice
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely 
impact the value of any Notes affected by it.

--- Page 40 ---
23
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes
The Issuer’s credit ratings are an assessment by the relevant rating agencies of its ability to pay its debts when 
due. Consequently, real or anticipated changes in its credit ratings will generally affect the market value of the 
Notes. One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer, the Programme 
or the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed in this Base Prospectus and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the 
case of credit ratings issued by third-country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings 
are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The 
list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency being included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of an updated ESMA list.
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, in 
general, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by 
third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (x) the relevant UK registration, certification 
or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (y) transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact 
the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit 
rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Notes, such as 
index linked Notes and dual currency Notes. In particular, an investor might receive less interest 
than expected or no interest in respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal amount 
invested by it
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to an index or formula 
or linked to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in currency exchange rates or 
other factors (each, a “Relevant Factor”). In addition, the Issuer may issue Exempt Notes with principal or 
interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Exempt Notes 
are denominated. Potential investors should be aware that:
(a)
the market price of such Exempt Notes may be volatile;

--- Page 41 ---
24
(b)
they may receive no interest;
(c)
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected;
(d)
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal;
(e)
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices;
(f)
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Exempt Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or 
contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal or interest 
payable likely will be magnified; and
(g)
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, the 
greater the effect on yield.
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the 
future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Exempt Notes. Accordingly, each potential 
investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any 
Exempt Notes linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular 
circumstances.
Where Exempt Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent 
instalment of the issue price could lose all of his investment
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Any failure 
by an investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of his Exempt Notes could result 
in such investor losing all of his investment.
Exempt Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a 
multiplier or other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more 
standard securities
Exempt Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar 
related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include 
those features.
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate 
Notes
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate 
such as dismissed benchmark. The market values of those Exempt Notes typically are more volatile than market 
values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise 
comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not 
only decreases the interest rate of the Exempt Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, 
which further adversely affects the market value of these Exempt Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
25
Risks Relating to Notes which are linked to “benchmarks”
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks”
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including, without limitation, EURIBOR) are 
the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a 
benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”), among other things, applies to 
the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the United Kingdom. Similarly, it prohibits the use 
in the United Kingdom by United Kingdom supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-United 
Kingdom based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark.
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark; and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the 
above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other 
initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked 
to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark.
On 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, its Working 
Group on Sterling Risk-Free Rates had been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition to the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) across sterling bond, loan and derivative markets, so that SONIA 
is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021.
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a “risk-free overnight rate” which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 
13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate 
(“€STR”) as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 
2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks

--- Page 43 ---
26
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further 
reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark.
The Conditions provide that, where the relevant Final Terms specifies that Condition 7(m)(1) (Benchmark 
discontinuation – Independent Adviser) is applicable, there are certain fallback arrangements in the event that 
a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) occurs, including if an Original Reference Rate (as defined 
in the Conditions) and/or any page on which an Original Reference Rate may be published (or any other 
successor service) becomes unavailable, or a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs.
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (each as defined in the Conditions), 
with or without the application of an Adjustment Spread (as defined in the Conditions) and may include 
amendments to the Conditions to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all 
as determined by the Issuer following consultation with the Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions), 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and without the requirement for the consent or 
sanction of Noteholders. An Adjustment Spread, if applied, is (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero); or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: (i) in the case of 
a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body (as defined in the Conditions); or (ii) (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international 
debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference 
Rate; or (iii) (if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner, determines that no such spread is customarily applied) the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be. If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with or without the application of an Adjustment 
Spread) may still result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were 
to continue to apply in its current form.
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined, the 
ultimate fallback for the purposes of the calculation of the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for the relevant immediately following Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page. Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments there is a risk that 
the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.
Where the relevant Final Terms specifies that Condition 7(m)(2) (Benchmark discontinuation – ARRC) is 
applicable, if the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time (as defined in the Conditions) on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date (as defined in the Conditions) that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date (each as defined in the Conditions) have occurred with respect to the

--- Page 44 ---
27
then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes 
relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent 
dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to 
make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (as defined in the Conditions) from time to time, without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders.
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any 
of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions 
of the Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark.
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which are 
possible reference rates for Floating Rate Notes
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as SONIA, 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) and €STR, as reference rates in the capital markets for 
sterling, U.S. dollar or euro bonds, as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank 
offered rates. In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference 
rates based on risk-free rates, including term SOFR, SONIA and €STR reference rates (which seek to measure 
the market's forward expectation of an average SOFR, SONIA or €STR over a designated term). The continued 
development of risk-free reference rates for the Eurobond markets, as well as the continued development of 
SOFR, SONIA and €STR based rates and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in 
reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes.
The substance of the calculation of, and the adoption of market infrastructure for the issuing and trading of 
Eurobonds referencing, SOFR, SONIA and €STR continues to develop. In particular, investors should be aware 
that several different SOFR methodologies have been used in notes referencing SOFR issued to date and no 
assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the Conditions, 
will gain widespread market acceptance.
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a risk-free rate 
issued under this Base Prospectus. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in 
reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference 
a risk-free rate issued under the Programme from time to time. In addition, the manner of adoption or application 
of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of 
risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider 
how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may 
impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates.
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such 
Floating Rate Notes.
Risk-free rates differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects and have a 
limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects, including (without 
limitation) by, in most cases, being backwards looking, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis 
and risk-free overnight rates, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a 
forward-looking term and include a risk element based on interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware

--- Page 45 ---
28
that interbank offered rates and any risk-free rates may behave materially differently as interest reference rates 
for the Notes.
Interest on Notes which reference a backwards looking risk-free rate is only capable of being determined 
immediately prior to or on the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which 
reference such risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes 
and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both 
of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes referencing interbank 
offered rates, if the Notes become due and payable under Condition 16 (Events of Default), the Rate of Interest 
payable shall be determined on the date the Notes became due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter. 
Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, 
loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in 
place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes.
The use of risk-free rates as a reference rate for Eurobonds is nascent, and may be subject to change and 
development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such risk-free rates.
Notes referencing risk-free rates may have no established trading market when issued, and an established 
trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities referencing such 
risk-free rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and 
trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of subsequently issued indexed debt securities as a result. 
Further, if the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading 
price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are 
more widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell 
such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk.
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Floating 
Rate Notes.
The administrator of SOFR, SONIA or €STR may make changes that could change the value of 
SOFR, SONIA or €STR or discontinue SOFR, SONIA or €STR
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the Bank of England or the European Central Bank (or their respective 
successors), as administrators of SOFR, SONIA and €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other 
changes that could change the value of SOFR, SONIA or €STR, including changes related to the method by 
which SOFR, SONIA or €STR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate 
SOFR, SONIA or €STR, or timing related to the publication of SOFR, SONIA or €STR. In addition, the 
administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SOFR, SONIA or €STR (in 
which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has 
no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing SOFR, SONIA or €STR. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the value 
or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes which reference SOFR, SONIA or €STR.

--- Page 46 ---
29
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus:
(i)
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2022 prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB, the applicable regulations of the CBO, 
the requirements of the Commercial Companies Law of 2019, as amended and the disclosure 
requirements of the CMA (including the auditors’ report thereon issued in accordance with International 
Standards on Auditing (ISA) on the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS 
and 
notes 
thereto) 
(an 
electronic 
copy 
of 
which 
is 
available 
at: 
https://www.bankmuscat.com/en/investorrelations/AnnualReports/BM%20Audited%20Financials%20
2022%20English.pdf);
(ii)
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2021 prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB, the applicable regulations of the CBO, 
the requirements of the Commercial Companies Law of 2019, as amended and the disclosure 
requirements of the CMA (including the auditors’ report thereon issued in accordance with International 
Standards on Auditing (ISA) on the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS 
and 
notes 
thereto) 
(an 
electronic 
copy 
of 
which 
is 
available 
at: 
https://www.bankmuscat.com/en/investorrelations/AnnualReports/BM_Annual_Financials%20Eng%2
02021.pdf); and
(iii)
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 44 to 87 (inclusive) in the base prospectus 
dated 29 September 2020 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, 
provided, however, that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any of the documents incorporated 
by reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document subsequently 
incorporated by reference modifies or supersedes such statement and that any information not listed in the pages 
stated in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above but included in the documents incorporated by reference is given for 
information purposes only.
The following items appearing in the 2022 Financial Statements are to be found on the following pages of the 
2022 Financial Statements:
Item
Page(s) of
2022
Financial
Statements
Independent Auditors’ Report....................................................................................................
2-6
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position ...........................................................................
7
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income..................................................................
8
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity...........................................................................
9-10
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows .....................................................................................
11
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements........................................................................
12-96

--- Page 47 ---
30
The following items appearing in the 2021 Financial Statements are to be found on the following pages of the 
2021 Financial Statements:
Item
Page(s) of
2021
Financial
Statements
Independent Auditors’ Report....................................................................................................
2-6
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position ...........................................................................
7
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income..................................................................
8
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity...........................................................................
9-10
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows .....................................................................................
11
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements........................................................................
12-97
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list above is 
considered to be additional information to be disclosed to investors rather than information required by the 
relevant annexes to Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980.
The Base Prospectus dated 29 September 2020 is available for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_03019275-b2ac-4283-ae4f-68d3eb805dbf.PDF. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained 
in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document 
which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 48 ---
31
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview of key features of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is qualified in 
its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement). Any decision to invest in Notes should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a 
whole, including any amendment and supplement thereto and the documents incorporated by reference. Words 
and expressions defined in “Forms of the Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have the 
same meanings in this overview of key features of the Programme.
Issuer:
Bank Muscat (SAOG)
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier:
549300HC6W6OEXV7SY67
Risk Factors:
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of 
a particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme. All of 
these are set out under “Risk Factors”.
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme.
Arrangers:
Citigroup Global Markets Limited and HSBC Bank plc.
Dealers:
Barclays Bank PLC, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate 
and Investment Bank, Emirates NBD Bank PJSC, First Abu 
Dhabi Bank PJSC, HSBC Bank plc, Mizuho International plc, 
MUFG Securities EMEA plc, Société Générale and Standard 
Chartered Bank and any other Dealer appointed from time to 
time by the Issuer either generally in respect of the Programme 
or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes.
Certain Restrictions:
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale”).
Fiscal Agent:
HSBC Bank plc.
Irish Listing Agent:
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited.
Final Terms/Pricing Supplement or 
Drawdown Prospectus:
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms (or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement) or (2) pursuant 
to a drawdown prospectus (each a “Drawdown Prospectus”) 
prepared in connection with a particular Tranche of Notes.
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms (or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement), those Final 
Terms must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of

--- Page 49 ---
32
Notes which is the subject of Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement) are the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms (or as completed, modified or replaced, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, by the relevant Pricing Supplement).
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus will be the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes as replaced or modified to 
the extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the 
case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information 
being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be 
read and construed as a reference to such information being 
specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus.
Admission to Trading and Listing:
Other than Exempt Notes, each Series may be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and/or admitted to 
listing on the official list of Euronext Dublin and/or admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any other listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement) or may be issued on the basis that they will not be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system.
Clearing Systems:
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to 
any Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Pricing Supplement).
Initial Programme Amount:
Up to U.S.$2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement.
Distribution:
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.
Issuance in Series:
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue 
date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be 
different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each 
Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all respects save 
that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different denominations.
Forms of Notes:
Notes may be issued in bearer form or in registered form.
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of 
either a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in 
each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). Each Global Note will

--- Page 50 ---
33
be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules (as defined 
in “Form of the Notes”) are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
will be a condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a 
Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest in 
respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent Global 
Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance 
with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have 
Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further 
Coupons.
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will initially be in the form of 
a Global Registered Note. Each Global Registered Note will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary 
or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
registered in the name of a nominee for such depositary and will 
be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance 
with its terms.
Fixed Rate Notes:
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.
Floating Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined:
(a)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions (each as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and 
as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); or
(b)
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the relevant Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement).
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 51 ---
34
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes.
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both.
Zero Coupon Notes:
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest.
Benchmark Replacement
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, 
the Issuer may (subject to certain conditions) be permitted to 
substitute the original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Pricing Supplement) with a successor, replacement or 
alternative benchmark and/or screen rate, together with, 
potentially, an adjustment spread (which could be positive, 
negative 
or 
zero). 
See 
Condition 
7(m) 
(Benchmark 
discontinuation) for further information.
Exempt Notes:
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which are index linked 
Notes, dual currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes or Notes 
redeemable in one or more instalments.
Index linked Notes: Payments of principal in respect of Index 
Linked Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of Index 
Linked Interest Notes will be calculated by reference to such 
index and/or formula or to changes in the prices of securities or 
commodities or to such other factors as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer may agree.
Dual currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of principal 
or interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of 
dual currency Notes will be made in such currencies, and based 
on such rates of exchange, as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
may agree.
Partly Paid Notes: The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of 
which the issue price is paid in separate instalments in such 
amounts and on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
may agree.
Notes redeemable in instalments: The Issuer may issue Notes 
which may be redeemed in separate instalments in such amounts 
and on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may 
agree.
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may 
be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event the relevant provisions 
will be included in the applicable Pricing Supplement.
Currencies:
Notes may be denominated in U.S. dollars, euro and rials or in 
any other currency or currencies, subject to compliance with all

--- Page 52 ---
35
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to such 
compliance, be made in and/or linked to any currency or 
currencies other than the currency in which such Notes are 
denominated.
Status of the Notes:
Notes may be issued on a subordinated or unsubordinated basis, 
as specified and provided for in the relevant Final Terms (or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). Subject to 
applicable laws, the rights and claims of holders of Subordinated 
Notes will, in the event of the dissolution, liquidation or 
insolvency of the Issuer, any bankruptcy or winding up 
proceedings or any other similar proceedings affecting the Issuer 
or any moratorium affecting the claims of creditors of the Issuer 
generally, be subordinated in right of payment to the rights and 
claims in full of all holders of Senior Notes.
In the case of Subordinated Notes which form part of the 
regulatory capital of the Issuer, payment by the Issuer of 
principal or interest will be subject to the terms and conditions 
attached to the approval given to the Issuer by the CBO in respect 
of such Subordinated Notes and to the regulatory requirements 
of the CBO at the time such payment falls to be made.
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, a partly-paid basis and at an issue price which is at par or 
at a discount to, or premium over, par.
Maturities:
There is no minimum or maximum maturity subject, in relation 
to specific currencies, to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements.
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either 
(a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on 
from an establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption 
value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be 
issued only to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it 
is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not 
constitute a contravention by the Issuer of section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
“FSMA”).
Redemption:
The relevant Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the 
relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
(other than in the case of Exempt Notes in specified instalments,

--- Page 53 ---
36
if applicable, or in the case of any Note for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders, as 
more particularly described below.
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see 
“Maturities” above.
Optional Redemption:
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option 
of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders 
to the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement), upon giving 
notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a 
date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price 
or prices and on such other terms as may be specified in such 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement).
Tax Redemption:
Except as described in “Optional Redemption” above, early 
redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons as described in 
Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons). In the case of 
Subordinated Notes, the Issuer’s ability to effect early 
redemption may be dependent on attaining the approval of the 
CBO.
Interest:
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or other variable 
rate or, in the case of Exempt Notes, be index linked and the 
method of calculating interest may vary between the issue date 
and the maturity date of the relevant Series.
Denomination of Notes:
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see “Maturities” 
above, and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
(other than an Exempt Note) will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency).
Negative Pledge:
The Notes (other than Subordinated Notes) will have the benefit 
of a negative pledge as described in Condition 5 (Negative 
Pledge).
Cross Default:
The Notes (other than Subordinated Notes) will have the benefit 
of a cross-default provision as described in Condition 16 (Events 
of Default).
Taxation:
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding taxes of Oman unless the withholding is required by 
law. In that event, the Issuer will (subject as provided in

--- Page 54 ---
37
Condition 15 (Taxation)) pay such additional amounts as will 
result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would 
have received in respect of such Notes had no such withholding 
been required.
Rating:
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and will not 
necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the 
Programme. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency.
Listing:
Application has been made to the Central Bank of Ireland to 
approve this document as a base prospectus. Application has also 
been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on 
Euronext Dublin.
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued.
The relevant Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes) will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets.
Governing Law:
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law.
Enforcement of Notes in
Global Form:
In the case of Global Notes, individual investors’ rights against 
the Issuer will be governed by a Deed of Covenant dated 
12 April 2023, a copy of which will be available for inspection 
at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent.
Selling Restrictions:
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in 
the United States of America, the UK, the EEA, the Sultanate of 
Oman, the Kingdom of Bahrain, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, 
the State of Qatar, the United Arab Emirates (excluding the 
Dubai International Financial Centre), the Dubai International 
Financial Centre, the State of Kuwait, Hong Kong, Singapore 
and Malaysia, see “Subscription and Sale” below.
United States Selling Restrictions:
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (or applicable 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes).

--- Page 55 ---
38
FORMS OF THE NOTES
Any reference in this section to “relevant Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to “applicable 
Pricing Supplement” where relevant.
Bearer Notes and Registered Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under 
the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) will initially be 
in the form of either a temporary global note in bearer form (a “Temporary Global Note”), without interest 
coupons, or a permanent global note in bearer form (a “Permanent Global Note”), without interest coupons, 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, 
Permanent Global Note (each a “Global Note”) will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) 
and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or any other relevant clearing system.
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section including, 
without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or 
otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the “TEFRA C 
Rules”) or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation 
section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service 
Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) 
(the “TEFRA D Rules”) is applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more 
than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable.
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will 
be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in 
respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) 
of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent 
exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms 
against:
(i)
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent; and
(ii)
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership,
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange.
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no circumstances 
shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note.

--- Page 56 ---
39
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Bearer Notes in definitive form 
(“Definitive Notes”):
(i)
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or
(ii)
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or
(iii)
if the relevant Final Terms specify “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 16 
(Events of Default) occurs.
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender 
of the Permanent Global Note at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting 
such exchange.
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specify that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes.
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specify that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification 
of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Temporary Global Note is exchangeable for Definitive Notes at the 
option of the Noteholders, the Notes shall be tradeable only in principal amounts of at least the Specified 
Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination).
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange.
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes:

--- Page 57 ---
40
(i)
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or
(ii)
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or
(iii)
if the relevant Final Terms specify “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 16 
(Events of Default) occurs.
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Permanent Global Note is exchangeable for Definitive Notes at the 
option of the Noteholders, the Notes shall be tradeable only in principal amounts of at least the Specified 
Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination).
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender 
of the Permanent Global Note at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting 
such exchange.
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions.
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below.
Legend concerning United States persons
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in permanent 
global form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons, Receipts and Talons appertaining thereto will bear 
a legend to the following effect:
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code.”
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, Coupon, Receipt 
or Talon will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such 
Note, Coupon, Receipt or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) 
recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income.
Registered Notes
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will initially be in the form of a global Note in registered form (a “Global 
Registered Note”). Each Global Registered Note will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and registered in the name of a nominee for such depositary and will be exchangeable for

--- Page 58 ---
41
individual Note Certificates in registered form (“Individual Note Certificates”) if (a) Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period 
of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or 
(b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 16 (Events of Default) occurs.
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered 
holder of the Global Registered Note, to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver 
such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in 
whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such 
person’s holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar.
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations 
concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without 
charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty 
of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange.
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Permanent Global Note is exchangeable for Definitive Notes at the 
option of the Noteholders, the Notes shall be tradeable only in principal amounts of at least the Specified 
Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination).
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual Note 
Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below 
and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions.
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below.

--- Page 59 ---
42
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms (or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, as completed, modified and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement), will be 
endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to 
any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in 
definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global 
Form” below.
1
Introduction
(a)
Programme: Bank Muscat (SAOG) (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to U.S.$2,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of notes (the “Notes”).
(b)
Final Terms and Pricing Supplement: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a 
“Series”) and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each 
Tranche is the subject of final terms (the “Final Terms”) or, in the case of Notes issued pursuant to an 
exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (the “Exempt 
Notes”), a pricing supplement (the “Pricing Supplement”) which supplements these terms and 
conditions (the “Conditions”). Any reference in these Conditions to relevant Final Terms shall be 
deemed to include a reference to the relevant Pricing Supplement where relevant. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. In these Conditions, the expression “Prospectus 
Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council.
(c)
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated issue and paying agency 
agreement dated 12 April 2023 (the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, HSBC Bank plc as fiscal 
agent (the “Fiscal Agent”, which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes), HSBC Bank plc as registrar (the “Registrar”, which expression 
includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the 
paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression 
includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes) and the transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the “Transfer Agents”, which 
expression includes any successor or additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes). In these Conditions references to the “Agents” are to the Paying Agents and 
the Transfer Agents and any reference to an “Agent” is to any one of them.
(d)
Deed of Covenant: The Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), or in registered form 
(“Registered Notes”). Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 12 April 2023 (the 
“Deed of Covenant”) entered into by the Issuer.
(e)
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available during normal 
business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent and at the Specified Office of the Paying 
Agent, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext 
Dublin”), the relevant Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). If the Notes are Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder

--- Page 60 ---
43
must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes 
and identity.
(f)
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and the 
Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions. Noteholders (as defined below) and the 
holders of the related interest coupons, if any (the “Couponholders” and the “Coupons”, respectively), 
are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are 
available for inspection during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Agents, the 
initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.
2
Interpretation
(a)
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings:
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
“Business Day” means: 
(i)
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and
(ii)
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre;
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:
(i)
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day;
(ii)
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day;
(iii)
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day;
(iv)
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that:
(A)
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such 
date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that 
calendar month;

--- Page 61 ---
44
(B)
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date 
will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; 
and
(C)
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day 
in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month 
in which the preceding such date occurred; and
(D)
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention;
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“CBO” has the meaning given in Condition 4(c)(ii);
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note;
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
“Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and:
(i)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means:
(a)
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which it falls, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of: (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period; and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and
(b)
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of:
(A)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of: (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period; and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and
(B)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of: (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period; and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year;
(ii)
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of: (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a leap year divided by 366; and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);
(iii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365;
(iv)
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is so specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366;

--- Page 62 ---
45
(v)
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360;
(vi)
if “30/360” or “360/360” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =  [360 × (𝑌2 ― 𝑌1)] +  [30 × (𝑀2 ― 𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 ― 𝐷1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day of the Calculation Period, expressed as a number, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30;
(vii)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows:
Day Count Fraction =  [360 × (𝑌2 ― 𝑌1)] +  [30 × (𝑀2 ― 𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 ― 𝐷1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day of the Calculation Period, expressed as a number, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; and
(viii)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 63 ---
46
Day Count Fraction =  [360 × (𝑌2 ― 𝑌1)] +  [30 × (𝑀2 ― 𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 ― 𝐷1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period unless: (i) that 
day is the last day of February; or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless: (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date; 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;
“Dual Currency Interest Note” means a Note, the Interest Basis of which is specified as Dual Currency 
Interest in the relevant Pricing Supplement;
“Dual Currency Redemption Note” means a Note, the Redemption/Payment Basis of which is 
specified as Dual Currency Redemption in the relevant Pricing Supplement;
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement;
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these 
Conditions or the relevant Pricing Supplement;
“Event of Default” means any one of the circumstances described in Condition 16 (Events of Default);
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement;
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement;
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Guarantee” means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to 
pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation):
(i)
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness;
(ii)
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness;
(iii)
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and
(iv)
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness;

--- Page 64 ---
47
“Holder”, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination, 
Title and Transfer – Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given 
in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Registered Notes);
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(i)
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility;
(ii)
amounts raised under any note purchase facility;
(iii)
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases;
(iv)
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment of 
which is deferred for a period in excess of 30 days; and
(v)
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
“Index Linked Interest Note” means a Note, the Interest Basis of which is specified as Index Linked 
Interest in the relevant Pricing Supplement;
“Index Linked Redemption Note” means a Note, the Redemption/Payment Basis of which is specified 
as Index Linked Redemption in the relevant Pricing Supplement;
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable 
per Calculation Amount in respect of that Note for that Interest Period;
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms;
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms:
(i)
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or
(ii)
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period 
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case);
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“ISDA” means the International Swap and Derivative Association, Inc.;
“ISDA Definitions” means: (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by ISDA, as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of

--- Page 65 ---
48
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, including any Matrices referred to therein, as published by ISDA as at the date of issue of 
the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series);
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Note Certificate” has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
– Title to Registered Notes);
“Noteholder”, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the 
meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Registered Notes);
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms;
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms;
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Partly Paid Note” means a Note, the Redemption/Payment Basis of which is specified as Partly Paid 
in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Payment Business Day” means:
(i)
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is:
(A)
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and
(B)
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or
(ii)
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is:
(A)
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and
(B)
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre;

--- Page 66 ---
49
“Permitted Security Interest” means:
(i)
any Security Interest created or outstanding with the prior approval of an Extraordinary 
Resolution; or
(ii)
any Security Interest arising only by operation of law, provided that such Security Interest is 
discharged within 30 days of arising; or
(iii)
any Security Interest arising in the ordinary course of banking transactions including, without 
limitation, sale and repurchase transactions and share, loan and bond lending transactions, 
provided that any such Security Interest is limited to the assets which are the subject of the 
relevant transaction; or
(iv)
any Security Interest in respect of any Indebtedness not covered by paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) 
above provided that the aggregate outstanding amount secured thereby and falling within this 
paragraph (iv) shall not at any time exceed an amount equal to five per cent. of the aggregate of 
the share capital and reserves of the Issuer, as evidenced by its most recent audited annual 
financial statements (or, if at any time the Issuer has Subsidiaries, its most recent audited 
consolidated financial statements);
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality;
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that:
(i)
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Calculation Agent; and
(ii)
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case 
of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent;
“Principal Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary whose revenues, profits or assets from time to time 
represent not less than five per cent. of the consolidated revenues, profits or assets of the Issuer from 
time to time as shown in the Issuer’s most recent audited annual financial statements (or, if more recent, 
interim financial statements);
“Priority Claims” has the meaning given in Condition 4(c)(ii);
“Proceedings” has the meaning given in Condition 25(d)(iii) (Governing Law, Arbitration and 
Jurisdiction – Jurisdiction – Process agent);
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder;
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder;
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 67 ---
50
“Receipt” means a receipt for the payment of instalments of principal in relation to Bearer Notes;
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the 
Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be 
specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, these Conditions and/or the relevant 
Final Terms;
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate;
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Reference Rate” means one of the following benchmark rates (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms:
(i)
Euro-zone interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”);
(ii)
Norwegian interbank offered rate (“NIBOR”);
(iii)
Stockholm interbank offered rate (“STIBOR”);
(iv)
Karachi interbank offered rate (“KIBOR”);
(v)
Shanghai interbank offered rate (“SHIBOR”);
(vi)
Hong Kong interbank offered rate (“HIBOR”);
(vii)
Kuala Lumpur interbank offered rate (“KLIBOR”);
(viii)
Turkish Lira interbank offered rate (“TRLIBOR” or “TRYLIBOR”);
(ix)
Singapore interbank offered rate (“SIBOR”);
(x)
Emirates interbank offered rate (“EIBOR”);
(xi)
Tokyo interbank offered rate (“TIBOR”);
(xii)
Saudi Arabia interbank offered rate (“SAIBOR”);
(xiii)
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”);
(xiv)
Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”); and
(xv)
Euro short-term rate (“€STR”).
“Regular Period” means:
(i)
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date;
(ii)
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any 
year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month 
(but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and

--- Page 68 ---
51
(iii)
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
“Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period;
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of: (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due; and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders;
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate;
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the 
Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date 
for any such payment (other than an amendment as described in Condition 20(b) (Meetings of 
Noteholders; Modification – Modification)), to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or 
the conversion of the Notes into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any 
other person or body corporate formed or to be formed, to change the currency of any payment under 
the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction;
“Senior Notes” means Notes issued by the Issuer and described as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
being Notes in respect of which all claims for payment of principal and interest are senior in priority to 
the claims of subordinated creditors of the Issuer, as further described in Condition 4 (Status and 
Subordination);
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement;
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Subordinated Notes” means Notes issued by the Issuer and described as such in the relevant Final 
Terms, being Notes in respect of which all claims for payment of principal and interest are subordinated 
in priority to the claims of unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer, as further described in Condition 4 
(Status and Subordination);

--- Page 69 ---
52
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any other 
Person (the “second Person”):
(i)
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the second Person or otherwise; or
(ii)
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person;
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons;
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in 
euro; 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system; 
and
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note, the Interest Basis of which is specified as Zero Coupon in the 
relevant Final Terms.
(b)
Interpretation: In these Conditions:
(i)
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable;
(ii)
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons;
(iii)
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Talons are not applicable;
(iv)
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 15 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions;
(v)
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 15 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions;
(vi)
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement;
(vii)
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Interpretation – Definitions) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies 
that such expression is “Not Applicable”, then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; 
and
(viii)
any reference to the Agency Agreement and/or the Deed of Covenant shall be construed as a 
reference to the Agency Agreement and/or the Deed of Covenant, as the case may be, as amended 
and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes.

--- Page 70 ---
53
3
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer
(a)
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with 
more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination.
(b)
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons will pass by delivery. 
In the case of Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons, “Holder” means the holder of such Bearer 
Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon and “Noteholder” and “Couponholder” shall be construed 
accordingly.
(c)
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a 
minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller 
amount specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(d)
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). A certificate (each, a “Note Certificate”) will be issued to each 
Holder of Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered 
serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered 
Notes, “Holder” means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered 
in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and “Noteholder” shall be 
construed accordingly.
(e)
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, on 
the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. No person shall 
have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) 
Act 1999.
(f)
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of 
the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may 
be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of 
the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may 
not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the 
Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of 
Registered Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes 
represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in 
respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor.
(g)
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar will 
register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the 
Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the 
Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by 
uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant 
Holder. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day on which commercial banks are open for general

--- Page 71 ---
54
business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may 
be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office.
(h)
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case 
may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which 
may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer.
(i)
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers of Registered Notes to be registered during the 
period of 15 days ending on (and including) the due date for any payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes.
(j)
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the 
Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval 
of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any 
Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations.
4
Status and Subordination
(a)
Claims in respect of Notes
Claims in respect of the Notes shall rank higher in priority to the rights and claims of holders of all 
classes of equity (including holders of any preference shares).
(b)
Senior Notes
If the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms as Senior Notes, the Notes (and relevant Coupons) 
of such Series of Senior Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all 
other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application.
(c)
Subordinated Notes
(i)
If the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms as Subordinated Notes, the Notes (and 
relevant Coupons) of such Series of Subordinated Notes constitute direct, general and 
unconditional obligations of the Issuer which are subordinated in accordance with paragraph (ii) 
below and which will rank at all times pari passu among themselves.
(ii)
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer in respect of 
the principal and interest relating to such Notes (or the relevant Coupons) will be subordinated 
to: (A) debts that have priority under section 87 of the Omani Banking Law of 2000, as amended 
from time to time; (B) unsubordinated claims against the Issuer with respect to the repayment of 
borrowed money; and (C) other unsubordinated claims against the Issuer (the “Priority 
Claims”). By virtue of such subordination, payments to Noteholders in respect of the principal 
and interest relating to such Notes (or the relevant Coupons) will, in the event of the dissolution, 
liquidation or insolvency of the Issuer, any bankruptcy or winding up proceedings or any other 
similar proceedings affecting the Issuer or any moratorium affecting the claims of creditors of 
the Issuer generally, be made only after, and no set-off may be effected by a Noteholder until, all 
Priority Claims against the Issuer have been satisfied or provided for in full. The Issuer shall 
execute such instruments and do such acts as may be required by the laws of the Sultanate of 
Oman to ensure the effectiveness of such ranking following any change in law or regulation

--- Page 72 ---
55
relating thereto which becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of the Subordinated Notes and which requires the Issuer to take such 
action.
In the case of Subordinated Notes which form part of the regulatory capital of the Issuer, payment 
by the Issuer of principal or interest will be subject to the terms and conditions attached to the 
approval given to the Issuer by the Central Bank of Oman (the “CBO”) in respect of such 
Subordinated Notes and to the regulatory requirements of the CBO at the time such payment falls 
to be made.
5
Negative Pledge
This Condition 5 does not apply to Subordinated Notes.
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall procure that none of its 
Principal Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security 
Interest) upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled 
capital) to secure any Indebtedness or Guarantee of Indebtedness, without: (a) at the same time or prior thereto 
securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith; or (b) providing such other security for the Notes as may be 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution.
6
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
(a)
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.
(b)
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Conditions 
12 (Payments – Bearer Notes) and 13 (Payments – Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of: (i) the day on 
which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder; and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that 
it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there 
is any subsequent default in payment).
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination.
(d)
Calculation of Interest Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note per Calculation 
Amount for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount and multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction.
7
Floating Rate Note Provisions
(a)
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 73 ---
56
(b)
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Conditions 
12 (Payments – Bearer Notes) and 13 (Payments – Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition 7 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of: (i) the day on 
which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder; and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that 
it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there 
is any subsequent default in payment).
(c)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not Referencing SOFR, SONIA or €STR:
(i)
Where Screen Rate Determination not Referencing SOFR, SONIA or €STR is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either:
(A)
the offered quotation; or
(B)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate for the relevant currency and/or 
period, all as specified in the relevant Final Terms which appears or appear, as the case may be, 
on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations;
(ii)
if, in the case of paragraph (i)(A) above, such rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page 
or, in the case of paragraph (i)(B) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in 
either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will, subject to 
Condition 7(m) (Benchmark discontinuation):
(A)
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date as would be quoted to prime banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time; and
(B)
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and
(iii)
if paragraph (ii) above applies and fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested then, 
subject to Condition 7(m)(1) (Benchmark discontinuation – Independent Adviser), the 
Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks 
for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a

--- Page 74 ---
57
single transaction in that market at that time, and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; 
provided, however, that, subject to Condition 7(m)(1) (Benchmark discontinuation – 
Independent Adviser), if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may 
be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the 
Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period.
(d)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes Referencing SOFR, SONIA or €STR (other than 
where in the relevant Final Terms the Reference Rate is specified as being SONIA and the Calculation 
Method is specified as being “SONIA Index”):
Where Screen Rate Determination Referencing SOFR, SONIA or €STR is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate specified 
in the relevant Final Terms is SOFR, SONIA or €STR (other than where the Calculation Method is 
specified as being “SONIA Index”):
(i)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject to Condition 7(m) (Benchmark discontinuation) and as provided below, be 
the Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent, where:
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable 
Reference Rate (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms and further provided for below) as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:
where:
“Applicable Period” means,
(A) where “Lag”, “Lock-out” or “Payment Delay” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; and
(B) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Observation Period relating to such Interest Period;
“Business Day” or “BD”, in this Condition means: (i) where “SOFR” is specified as the 
Reference Rate, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day; (ii) where “SONIA” is specified as 
the Reference Rate, a London Banking Day; or (iii) where “€STR” is specified as the Reference 
Rate, a TARGET Settlement Day;
“D” is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 75 ---
58
“d” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable 
Period;
“d0” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in such Applicable 
Period;
“Effective Interest Payment Date” means any date or dates specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms;
“€STR” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro short term 
rate for such Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as administrator of such 
rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the European Central Bank's Website, in 
each case, on or before 9:00 a.m. (Central European Time) on the Business Day immediately 
following such Business Day;
“European Central Bank’s Website” means the website of the European Central Bank currently 
at https://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated by the European 
Central Bank;
“i” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
Business Day in such Applicable Period;
“Lock-out Period” means the period from, and including, the day following the Interest 
Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date;
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;
“ni”, for any Business Day “i” in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from 
and including such Business Day “b” up to but excluding the following Business Day;
“New York Fed’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
currently at https://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York;
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from and including the 
date falling “p” Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, 
but excluding, the date which is “p” Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling “p” Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable);
“p” means, for any Interest Period:
(A)
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back Period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (which should not be less than five Business Days without the 
consent of the Calculation Agent);
(B)
where “Lock-out” or “Payment Delay” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, zero; or
(C)
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back Period

--- Page 76 ---
59
specified in the relevant Final Terms (which should not be less than five Business Days 
without the consent of the Calculation Agent);
“r” means:
(A)
where in the relevant Final Terms “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate and either 
“Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day;
(B)
where in the relevant Final Terms “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate and either 
“Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day;
(C)
where in the relevant Final Terms “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate and either 
“Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day;
(D)
where in the relevant Final Terms “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate and “Lock-
out” is specified as the Observation Method:
(I)
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the SOFR in respect of 
the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day, and
(II)
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day (being a Business 
Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of the Business Day immediately 
preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last 
Reference Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date);
(E)
where in the relevant Final Terms “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate and “Lock-
out” is specified as the Observation Method:
(I)
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the SONIA rate in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day; and
(II)
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day (being a Business 
Day in the Lock-out Period), the SONIA rate in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such 
last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date);
(F)
where in the relevant Final Terms “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate and “Lock-
out” is specified as the Observation Method:
(I)
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the €STR in respect of 
the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day, and
(II)
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day (being a Business 
Day in the Lock-out Period), the €STR in respect of the Business Day immediately 
preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last 
Reference Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date);
(G)
where in the relevant Final Terms “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate and 
“Payment Delay” is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, 
the SOFR in respect of such Business Day, provided however that, in the case of the last 
Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period from (and including) the

--- Page 77 ---
60
Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, 
as applicable, “r” shall be the SOFR in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date;
(H)
where in the relevant Final Terms “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate and 
“Payment Delay” is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, 
the SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day, provided however that, in the case of the 
last Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period from (and including) the 
Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, 
as applicable, “r” shall be the SONIA rate in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; and
(I)
where in the relevant Final Terms “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate and 
“Payment Delay” is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, 
the €STR in respect of such Business Day, provided however that, in the case of the last 
Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period from (and including) the 
Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, 
as applicable, “r” shall be the €STR in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date;
“Rate Cut-off Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Reference Day” means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other than any 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period;
“ri-pBD” means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of “r” above for: (i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the Business 
Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling “p” Business Days 
prior to the relevant Business Day “i”; or (ii) otherwise, the relevant Business Day “i”;
“SOFR” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Fed’s 
Website, in each case on or about 3:00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day (the “SOFR Determination Time”); 
“SONIA” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors in each case 
on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day; and
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or 
a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor 
thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.
(ii)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being “Weighted Average”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject to Condition 7(m) (Benchmark discontinuation) and as provided below, be 
the Weighted Average Reference Rate (as defined below) plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, where:
“Lock-out Period” has the meaning set out in paragraph (i) above;

--- Page 78 ---
61
“Observation Period” has the meaning set out in paragraph (i) above;
“Reference Day” has the meaning set out in paragraph (i) above;
“Weighted Average Reference Rate” means:
(A)
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant 
Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the 
number of calendar days such Reference Rate is in effect, determining the sum of such 
products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day 
which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the 
Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; and
(B)
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant 
Interest Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the number of 
days such Reference Rate is in effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing 
such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, provided however 
that for any calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period, the relevant 
Reference Rate for each day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed to be the 
Reference Rate in effect for the Reference Day immediately preceding the first day of 
such Lock-out Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar 
day which is not a Business Day shall, subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the 
Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day;
(iii)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being “SOFR Index”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject to Condition 7(m)(2) (Benchmark discontinuation – ARRC) and as provided below, 
be the SOFR Index Reference Rate (as defined below) plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, where:
“SOFR Averages” shall mean the computation bearing the same name as published on the New 
York Fed’s Website;
“SOFR Index” with respect to any Business Day, means:
(A)
the SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) as such index 
appears on the New York Fed’s Website at 5.00 p.m. (New York City time) on such 
Business Day (the “SOFR Determination Time”); or
(B)
if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in paragraph (i) above at the SOFR 
Determination Time, then:
(I)
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
(each as defined in Condition 7(m)(5) (Benchmark discontinuation – Definitions)) 
have not occurred, the SOFR Index Reference Rate shall be the SOFR Index 
Unavailable value; or

--- Page 79 ---
62
(II)
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred, then the SOFR Index Reference Rate shall be the rate determined 
pursuant to Condition 7(m) (Benchmark discontinuation);
“SOFR IndexEnd” is the SOFR Index value for the day which is “p” Business Days preceding 
the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period;
“SOFR Index Reference Rate” means: 
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑁𝐷
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑇𝐴𝑅𝑇― 1 ×
360
𝑑𝑐
where “dc” is the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFR IndexStart to (but excluding) 
SOFR IndexEnd (the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period);
“SOFR IndexStart” is the SOFR Index value for the day which is “p” Business Days preceding 
the first date of the relevant Interest Period;
“SOFR Index Unavailable” means if a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not published on 
the associated Interest Determination Date and a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date) have not occurred, “SOFR Index Reference Rate” means, for 
the relevant Interest Period for which such index is not available, the rate of return on a daily 
compounded interest investment calculated in accordance with the formula for SOFR Averages, 
and definitions required for such formula, published on the New York Fed’s Website at 
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/reference-rates/sofr-averages-and-index; 
For the purposes of this provision, references in the SOFR Averages compounding formula and 
related definitions to “calculation period” shall be replaced with “Observation Period” and the 
words “that is, 30-, 90-, or 180-calendar days” shall be removed. If the daily SOFR does not so 
appear for any day, “i” in the Observation Period, SOFR for such day “i” shall be SOFR published 
in respect of the first preceding Business Day for which SOFR was published on the New York 
Fed’s Website;
(iv)
where “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, if, in respect of 
any Business Day, SONIA (as defined in paragraph (i) above) is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such 
Reference Rate shall be: 
(A)
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on 
the relevant Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of SONIA to the Bank Rate 
over the previous five days on which SONIA has been published, excluding the highest 
spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate; or
(B)
subject to Condition 7(m) (Benchmark discontinuation), if such Bank Rate is not 
available, the SONIA rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published 
by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on which the 
SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors),
and in each case, “r” shall be interpreted accordingly.

--- Page 80 ---
63
(v)
where “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, if, in respect of 
any Business Day, the SOFR (as defined in paragraph (i) above) is not available, subject to 
Condition 7(m) (Benchmark discontinuation), such Reference Rate shall be the SOFR for the 
first preceding Business Day on which the SOFR was published on the New York Fed’s Website, 
and “r” shall be interpreted accordingly;
(vi)
where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, if, in respect of any 
Business Day, €STR (as defined in paragraph (i) above), is not available, subject to Condition 
7(m) (Benchmark discontinuation), such Reference Rate shall be the €STR for the first preceding 
Business Day on which €STR was published on the European Central Bank’s Website (as defined 
in paragraph (i) above), and “r” shall be interpreted accordingly; and
(vii)
in the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions, but without prejudice to Condition 7(m) (Benchmark discontinuation), the Rate of 
Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period).
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 10 
(Redemption and Purchase) or Condition 16 (Events of Default), or is otherwise redeemed early 
on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on 
such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such 
date.
For the purposes of this Condition 7(d), if “Payment Delay” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, all references in these Conditions to interest on the Notes being 
payable on an Interest Payment Date shall be read as references to interest on the Notes being 
payable on an Effective Interest Payment Date instead.
(e)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes where in the relevant Final Terms the Reference 
Rate is specified as being SONIA and the relevant Calculation Method is specified as being “SONIA 
Index”:
Where Screen Rate Determination Referencing SOFR, SONIA or €STR is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Reference Rate specified in 
the relevant Final Terms is SONIA, and the Calculation Method specified in the relevant Final Terms is 
“SONIA Index”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate (as defined below) plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.
“Compounded Daily SONIA Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, as determined by 
reference to the screen rate or index for compounded daily SONIA administered by the administrator of

--- Page 81 ---
64
the SONIA reference rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or other information 
service from time to time at the relevant time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as further 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “SONIA Compounded Index”)) and in accordance with the 
following formula:
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate = 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑁𝐷
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑇𝐴𝑅𝑇― 1 ×
365
𝑑
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards, where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which SONIA 
Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SONIA 
Compounded IndexEnd is determined;
“London Banking Day” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(d)(i);
“Relevant Number” is as specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five);
“SONIA Compounded IndexStart” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SONIA Compounded 
Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period; and
“SONIA Compounded IndexEnd” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SONIA Compounded 
Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to: 
(A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period; or (B) such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is 
excluded from such Interest Period).
(i)
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions (unless the Calculation Agent has been notified of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (and any related Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) pursuant to Condition 
7(m)(1) (Benchmark discontinuation – Independent Adviser), if applicable), the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 7(d)(iv) as if “SONIA Index” was not 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(ii)
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 16 (Events of Default), the 
final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Period from (and including) the most 
recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) 
the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue 
to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in Condition 
7(b) (Floating Rate Note Provisions – Accrual of Interest).
(f)
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation 
to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:
(i)
if the Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the 
applicable ISDA Definitions:

--- Page 82 ---
65
(A)
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms;
(B)
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions), if applicable, is a 
period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(C)
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(D)
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined in 
the relevant ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and:
(I)
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, then: (a) Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method; and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;
(II)
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, then: (a) Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method; (b) Observation Period 
Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the 
relevant ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms; and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the relevant 
ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or
(III)
Compounding with Lock-out is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, then: (a) Compounding with Lock-out is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method; (b) Lock-out is the number of Lock-out Period 
Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and (c) Lock-out Period Business Days, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(E)
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined in the 
relevant ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall 
be applicable and: (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in 
the relevant ISDA Definitions) are the days, if applicable, specified in the relevant Final 
Terms); 
(F)
references in the relevant ISDA Definitions to:
(I)
“Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Final Terms;
(II)
“Calculation Period” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Period; 
(III)
“Termination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Maturity Date; and

--- Page 83 ---
66
(IV)
“Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Interest Commencement 
Date; and
(ii)
if the Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions:
(A)
Administrator/Benchmark Event shall be disapplied; and
(B)
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback for any specified Floating Rate Option is 
specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate” in the 
Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to “Calculation Agent 
Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of “Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by “Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Previous Day’s Rate”.
(g)
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be zero.
(h)
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount and multiplying the 
product by the relevant Day Count Fraction.
(i)
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specify that any other amount is to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or 
times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(j)
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) 
or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, provided, however, that if there 
is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate.
“Designated Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate; and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(k)
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by 
it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined 
by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of 
each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first

--- Page 84 ---
67
day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period.
(l)
Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7 by the Calculation 
Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes.
(m)
Benchmark discontinuation
(1)
Independent Adviser
This Condition 7(m)(1) shall apply in respect of Floating Rate Notes unless in the relevant Final Terms 
“Condition 7(m)(2) (ARRC) is applicable” is specified for the Benchmark Replacement fall back.
(i)
Appointment of Independent Adviser
(A)
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to advise the Issuer in 
determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 7(m)(1)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 7(m)(1)(iv))).
In making such determination, the Issuer and any Independent Adviser appointed pursuant 
to this Condition 7(m)(1) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
and the Independent Adviser shall act as an expert. In the absence of bad faith, wilful 
default or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, the holders of Receipts or the 
Couponholders in connection with any determination made by it or for any advice given 
to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 7(m)(1). 
(B)
If: (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Issuer fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with 
Condition 7(m)(1)(ii) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial 
Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance 
of doubt, this Condition 7(m)(1)(i)(B) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest 
Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation 
of, and to adjustment as provided in, Condition 7(m)(1)(i)(A).

--- Page 85 ---
68
(ii)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that:
(A)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
(if any) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 7(m)(1)); or
(B)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread (if any) shall subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 7(m)(1)). 
(iii)
Adjustment Spread
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread.
(iv)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
(if any) is determined in accordance with this Condition 7(m)(1) and the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines: (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread, if any (such amendments, the 
“Benchmark Amendments”); and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with this Condition 7(m)(1)(iv), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in 
such notice. 
The Agents shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of 
any changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 7(m)(1), provided that no 
Agent shall be required to effect any such changes or amendments if the same would, in the sole 
opinion of such Agent, impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional 
duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to such 
Agent in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions.
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 7(m)(1)(iv), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or admitted to trading.
(2)
ARRC
This Condition 7(m)(2) shall apply, in the case of Floating Rate Notes for which the Specified Currency 
specified in the relevant Final Terms is U.S. dollars and the Reference Rate specified in the relevant

--- Page 86 ---
69
Final Terms is SOFR, if in the relevant Final Terms “Condition 7(m)(2) (ARRC) is applicable” is 
specified for the Benchmark Replacement fall back.
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from 
time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders.
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 7(m)(2), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection:
(i)
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;
(ii)
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and
(iii)
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become 
effective without consent from the Noteholders or any other party.
(3)
Notices, etc.
(a) Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread (if any) and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments determined under Condition 7(m)(1); and (b) any Benchmark 
Replacement (including any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, if applicable) and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes determined under Condition 7(m)(2) 
will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and, in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer:
(A)
where a Benchmark Event in relation to an Original Reference Rate has occurred in 
accordance with Condition 7(m)(1) above:
(I)
confirming: (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred; (ii) the Successor Rate or, as 
the case may be, the Alternative Rate; (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread (if 
any); and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each 
case as determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7(m)(1) ; and
(II)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread (if any); or
(B)
where a Benchmark Replacement in relation to a Benchmark has occurred in accordance 
with Condition 7(m)(2) above:
(I)
confirming: (i) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred; (ii) the 
Benchmark Replacement determined in accordance with Condition 7(m)(2), the

--- Page 87 ---
70
applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (if any); and (iii) the specific 
terms of the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any); and
(II)
certifying that the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement;
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the Noteholders at 
all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), or (as the case may be), the Benchmark Replacement (including any 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, if applicable) and the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error 
or bad faith in the determination thereof be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7(m), if following the determination of 
any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), or (as the case may be), the Benchmark Replacement (including any 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, if applicable) and the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes (if any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty 
between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or calculation 
under this Condition 7(m), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to 
adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise 
unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to make such 
calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation 
Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in the absence 
of such gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so.
(4)
Survival
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 7(m)(1) or Condition 7(m)(2), as 
applicable, the Original Reference Rate or Benchmark, as the case may be, and in either case the fallback 
provisions provided for in Conditions 7(m)(1)(ii) and (iii) or Condition 7(d), as applicable, will continue 
to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been notified of: (a) the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and the Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) determined in accordance with Condition 7(m)(1); or (b) the Benchmark Replacement (including 
any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, if applicable) and Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes (if any) determined in accordance with Condition 7(m)(2). 
(5)
Definitions:
As used in this Condition 7(m):
“Adjustment Spread” means either: (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero); or (b) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate)

--- Page 88 ---
71
(ii)
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions 
to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines that no such spread is customarily applied)
(iii)
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be).
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines, in accordance with Condition 7(m)(1)(ii), is customarily applied in international 
debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes.
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR, as the case may be; provided that if the Issuer determines on or 
prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to SOFR, as the case may be, or the then-current Benchmark, then 
“Benchmark” shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement;
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(m)(1)(iv).
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; or
(ii)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that 
it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or
(iii)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
(iv)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its 
use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case either generally, or in 
respect of the Notes; or
(v)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to 
be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or
(vi)
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate,
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur: (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs 
(ii) and (iii) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or 
the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be; (b) in the case of sub-

--- Page 89 ---
72
paragraph (iv) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate; and 
(c) in the case of sub-paragraph (v) above, on the date with effect from which the Original 
Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) 
representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public 
statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement.
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, 
neither the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any 
responsibility for making such determination.
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer on the Benchmark Replacement Date:
(i)
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark; and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment;
(ii)
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate; and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or
(iii)
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest 
as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes 
at such time; and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer on the Benchmark Replacement Date:
(i)
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;
(ii)
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or
(iii)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time;
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and 
other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary);

--- Page 90 ---
73
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark:
(i)
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the later of: 
(a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein; and (b) the 
date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide 
the Benchmark; or
(ii)
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on 
the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination;
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark:
(i)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark; or
(ii)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark; or
(iii)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative;
“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including overnight) 
having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for 
the then-current Benchmark;
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
7(m)(1)(i) (Benchmark discontinuation – Independent Adviser) or Condition 7(m)(2) (Benchmark 
discontinuation – ARRC).
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined 
upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or any relevant component part thereof) on the Notes.

--- Page 91 ---
74
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means: (i) if the Benchmark is 
SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time; and (ii) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by 
the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or
(ii)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of: (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates; (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities; or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof.
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto;
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; and
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.
8
Exempt Notes
(a)
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes where the relevant Pricing Supplement 
identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if the Reference Rate 
from time to time is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement as being other than EURIBOR, NIBOR, 
STIBOR, KIBOR, SHIBOR, HIBOR, KLIBOR, TRLIBOR or TRYLIBOR, SIBOR, EIBOR, TIBOR, 
SAIBOR, SOFR, SONIA or €STR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Exempt Notes will be 
determined as provided in the relevant Pricing Supplement.
(b)
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate Notes 
or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, 
provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the provisions of Condition 7 (Floating 
Rate Note Provisions) shall, save to the extent modified or replaced in the relevant Pricing Supplement, 
apply as if the references therein to Floating Rate Notes and to the Fiscal Agent were references to Index 
Linked Interest Notes and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and provided further that the Calculation 
Agent will notify the Fiscal Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as 
practicable after calculating the same.
(c)
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest 
will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up principal amount of such Notes and otherwise as specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement.
9
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
(a)
Application: This Condition 9 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 92 ---
75
(b)
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to 
the sum of:
(i)
the Reference Price; and
(ii)
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price on 
the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of: (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder; and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment).
10
Redemption and Purchase
(a)
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Conditions 12 
(Payments – Bearer Notes) and 13 (Payments – Registered Notes).
(b)
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not 
in part:
(i)
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable); or
(ii)
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable),
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date 
fixed for redemption, if:
(A)
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to 
in Condition 15 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Sultanate of Oman or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws or regulations (including a holding to such effect by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Notes; and
(B)
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it,
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than:
(1)
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due; or
(2)
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due.

--- Page 93 ---
76
Prior to the giving of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Fiscal Agent: (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer 
is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer to so redeem have occurred; and (B) an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry 
of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem 
the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(b).
(c)
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in whole or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer’s giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders with a copy to any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by 
which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in 
such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
plus accrued interest (if any) to such date).
(d)
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by 
the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent 
considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of each listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation, and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 10(c) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer) (copied as aforesaid) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes to be so 
redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.
(e)
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: This Condition 10(e) does not apply to Subordinated Notes. 
If Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option 
of the holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the 
relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if 
any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 10(e), the holder 
of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Put), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto 
and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying 
Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the 
depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance 
with this Condition 10(e), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation 
of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys 
is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the 
depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put 
Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder 
against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a 
Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 10(e), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying 
Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes.

--- Page 94 ---
77
(f)
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
Conditions 10(a) (Scheduled redemption) to 10(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) above.
(g)
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity 
Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of:
(i)
the Reference Price; and
(ii)
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable.
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10(g) or, if none is so 
specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360.
(h)
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may (subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the 
prior approval of the CBO, where required) at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. Such Notes may be 
held, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.
(i)
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed by the Issuer and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered 
with them shall be cancelled (subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the prior approval of the 
CBO, where required). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes cancelled pursuant to Condition 10(h) 
(Purchase) may not be reissued or resold.
11
Specific Redemption Provisions Applicable to Certain Types of Exempt Notes
(a)
Any Redemption Amount in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption 
Notes may be specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
For the purposes of Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Index Linked Interest Notes and Dual 
Currency Interest Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date.
(b)
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount of 
Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement.
(c)
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 11 and the relevant Pricing Supplement.
12
Payments – Bearer Notes
This Condition 12 is only applicable to Bearer Notes.
(a)
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment 
is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be 
credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of 
that currency.

--- Page 95 ---
78
(b)
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 12(h) (Payments other than in respect of 
matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in 
full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States in the manner described in Condition 12(a) (Principal) above.
(c)
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if: (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount 
of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due; (ii) payment of the 
full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions; and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States 
law.
(d)
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of Bearer Notes are subject in all cases to: (i) 
any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 15 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 15 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments.
(e)
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto:
(i)
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will 
be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; or
(ii)
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment:
(A)
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as will 
result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the “Relevant 
Coupons”) being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, 
that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to 
become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and
(B)
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of 
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less than the 
amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the 
aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal 
due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment.

--- Page 96 ---
79
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in Condition 12(a) (Principal) 
above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing 
Coupons.
(f)
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specify that this Condition 12(f) is applicable or 
that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note 
or early redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 
10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders) or Condition 16 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or 
not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof.
(g)
Payments on Business Days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note 
or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled 
to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such 
place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay.
(h)
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by Condition 
12(c) (Payments in New York City) above).
(i)
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount 
and date of such payment.
(j)
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become 
void pursuant to Condition 17 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, 
any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in 
respect of such Talon.
13
Payments – Registered Notes
This Condition 13 is only applicable to Registered Notes.
(a)
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an 
account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may 
be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of 
that currency and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent.
(b)
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is 
due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be 
credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of 
that currency and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part

--- Page 97 ---
80
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent.
(c)
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all cases 
to: (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 15 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to 
an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 15 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders 
in respect of such payments.
(d)
Payments on Business Days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not a Payment Business Day, for value the next 
succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the 
cheque will be mailed: (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on 
the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered 
(or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent; and (ii) (in 
the case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A Holder 
of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in 
payment resulting from: (A) the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day; or (B) a 
cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition 13 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost 
in the mail.
(e)
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the case 
of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and 
the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate.
(f)
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar’s Specified Office on the 
fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the “Record Date”). Where payment in respect of a 
Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address 
of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date.
14
Specific Provisions in Relation to Payments in Respect of Certain Types of 
Exempt Notes
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Bearer Notes, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 12 (Payments – 
Bearer Notes) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final 
instalment will be made in the manner provided in Condition 12 (Payments – Bearer Notes) above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Bearer 
Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant 
instalment together with the definitive Bearer Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the 
definitive Bearer Note to which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date 
on which any definitive Bearer Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof.

--- Page 98 ---
81
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Interest Note or Index Linked Interest Note in definitive bearer 
form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be 
made in respect thereof.
15
Taxation
(a)
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Sultanate of Oman or any political 
subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, 
the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by 
them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon:
(i)
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with the 
jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or
(ii)
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for payment 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of such Note or 
Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such 
Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days.
(b)
Taxing jurisdiction: If any Note or Coupon becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other 
than the Sultanate of Oman, all references in Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) and this 
Condition 15 to the Sultanate of Oman shall be construed as references to the Sultanate of Oman and/or 
such other jurisdiction.
(c)
FATCA withholding: Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer and any 
Paying Agent shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or implementing 
legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any 
agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“FATCA withholding”). The Issuer will have no 
obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify a holder for any FATCA withholding 
deducted or withheld by the Issuer, a Paying Agent or any other party as a result of any person (other 
than an agent of the Issuer) not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA withholding.
16
Events of Default
16.1Events of Default for Senior Notes
This Condition 16.1 applies only to Senior Notes. If any of the following events occurs and is continuing:
(a)
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within seven 
days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the 
Notes within 14 days of the due date for payment thereof; or

--- Page 99 ---
82
(b)
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its 
other obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains unremedied for 30 
days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered 
to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or
(c)
Cross-default of Issuer or Subsidiary:
(i)
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as the case may 
be) within any originally applicable grace period;
(ii)
any such Indebtedness becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and payable prior to 
its stated maturity otherwise than at the option of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the relevant 
Subsidiary or (provided that no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any Person 
entitled to such Indebtedness; or
(iii)
the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any 
Guarantee of any Indebtedness;
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in paragraph (i) and/or paragraph (ii) above 
and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in paragraph (iii) above individually 
or in the aggregate exceeds U.S.$5,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); 
or
(d)
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or order(s) for the payment of an aggregate 
amount in excess of U.S.$5,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) is 
rendered against the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for 
a period of 30 days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment and, 
is not the subject of similar appeal or judicial proceedings being pursued in good faith and by 
appropriate means by the Issuer or such Subsidiary, as the case may be; or
(e)
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession of, or a receiver, manager or other similar 
officer is appointed over, the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the 
Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries; or
(f)
Insolvency etc.: (i) the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is unable 
to pay its debts as they fall due; (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or any of its 
Principal Subsidiaries or of the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the 
Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is appointed (or application for any such appointment 
is made); (iii) the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries takes any action for a readjustment 
or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of 
its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness given by it; or (iv) the Issuer or any of its 
Principal Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or any substantial part of its 
business; or
(g)
Winding up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries; or
(h)
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Sultanate of Oman or any other 
jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in Conditions 16.1(f) 
(Insolvency etc.) and 16.1(g) (Winding up etc.) above; or
(i)
Failure to take action etc.: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled 
or done in order: (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and perform and

--- Page 100 ---
83
comply with its obligations under and in respect of the Notes; (ii) to ensure that those obligations 
are legal, valid, binding and enforceable; and (iii) to make the Notes and the Coupons admissible 
in evidence in the courts of the Sultanate of Oman is not taken, fulfilled or done; or
(j)
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes; or
(k)
Government intervention: (i) all or any substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues 
of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is condemned, seized or otherwise appropriated 
by any Person acting under the authority of any national, regional or local government; or (ii) the 
Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is prevented by any such Person from exercising normal 
control over all or any substantial part of its undertaking, assets and revenues; or
(l)
IMF: the Sultanate of Oman ceases to be a member of the International Monetary Fund,
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer 
or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it 
shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount together with accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of such repayment without further action or formality or notice of any kind.
16.2Events of Default for Subordinated Notes
This Condition 16.2 only applies to Subordinated Notes. If any of the following events occurs and is 
continuing:
(a)
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within seven 
days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the 
Notes within 14 days of the due date for payment thereof; or
(b)
Winding up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries; or
(c)
Insolvency etc.: (i) the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is unable 
to pay its debts as they fall due; (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or any of its 
Principal Subsidiaries or of the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the 
Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is appointed (or application for any such appointment 
is made); (iii) the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries takes any action for a readjustment 
or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of 
its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness given by it; or (iv) the Issuer or any of its 
Principal Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or any substantial part of its 
business,
then, any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer 
or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof, be declared due 
and payable, whereupon it shall become forthwith due and payable, subject to Condition 4(c) 
(Subordinated Notes), at its Early Termination Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the 
date of repayment, without further action or formality or other notice of any kind.
17
Prescription
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes are presented 
for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in respect of Bearer Notes 
shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate

--- Page 101 ---
84
Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of Registered Notes shall become 
void unless the relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment within ten years of the appropriate 
Relevant Date.
18
Replacement of Notes and Coupons
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at 
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, in the case of Registered 
Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any 
particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred 
in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as 
the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued.
19
Agents
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Agents act solely 
as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with 
any of the Noteholders or Couponholders.
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed in the Agency Agreement. If any additional 
Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified 
in Part B of the relevant Final Terms. The initial Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to 
appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; 
provided, however, that:
(a)
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar; and
(b)
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a 
Calculation Agent; and
(c)
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a 
Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent 
having its Specified Office in the place required by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system.
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders.
20
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of 
these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by Noteholders upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be

--- Page 102 ---
85
two or more Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that 
Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any 
adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a 
quorum.
The Agency Agreement provides that: (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes 
cast on such resolution; (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 
75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding; or (iii) consent given by 
way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Fiscal 
Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in principal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting, and whether or not they voted on the 
resolution, and on all Couponholders. A resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.
(b)
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders: (i) to correct a manifest error; or (ii) in the case of 
amendments to these Conditions pursuant to Condition 7(m) (Floating Rate Note Provisions – 
Benchmark discontinuation) to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of 
interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes or for any other variation 
of these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement required to be made in the circumstances described 
in Condition 7(m) (Floating Rate Note Provisions – Benchmark discontinuation), where the Issuer has 
delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate pursuant to Condition 7(m)(3) (Floating Rate Note Provisions 
– Benchmark discontinuation – Notices, etc.) In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may 
agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to 
correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders.
21
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except 
for the first payment of interest and the date from which interest starts to accrue) so as to form a single series 
with the Notes.
22
Notices
(a)
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the 
Bearer Notes are listed on the official list of Euronext Dublin and the rules of that exchange so require, 
a leading newspaper having general circulation in Dublin (which is expected to be The Irish Times) or 
the website of Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) or in either case, if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation 
in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or, if

--- Page 103 ---
86
required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have 
been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have 
notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes.
(b)
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail (or 
its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the 
Register and, if the Registered Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin 
and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, notices to Noteholders will be published on the 
date of such mailing in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Dublin (which is expected to 
be 
The 
Irish 
Times) 
or 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) or in either case, if such publication is not practicable, 
in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing.
23
Currency Indemnity
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or made 
in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in which the same is payable 
under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the “second currency”) for the 
purpose of: (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer; (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any 
court or other tribunal; or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer 
shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any 
discrepancy between: (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the 
first currency into the second currency; and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in 
the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid 
to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof.
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a separate 
and independent cause of action.
24
Rounding
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms): (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded 
up to 0.00001 per cent.); (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up); (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount; 
and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded to the nearest sub-unit of such currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose, a 
“sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.
25
Governing Law, Arbitration and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing law: The Notes (including the remaining provisions of this Condition 25 and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes) shall be governed by and construed 
in accordance with English law.

--- Page 104 ---
87
(b)
Arbitration:
(i)
Arbitration: Subject to Condition 25(c) (Noteholder’s option), any dispute, claim, difference or 
controversy arising out of, relating to or having any connection with the Notes (including any 
dispute, claim, difference or controversy regarding their existence, validity, interpretation, 
performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity or any dispute relating to 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them) (a “Dispute”) shall be 
referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the Arbitration Rules of the LCIA (the 
“Rules”) which Rules (as amended from time to time) are incorporated by reference into this 
Condition 25(b); provided, however, that any provisions of such Rules relating to the nationality 
of an arbitrator shall, to that extent, not apply.
(ii)
Formation of arbitral tribunal, seat and language of arbitration:
(A)
There shall be three arbitrators each of whom shall be an attorney experienced in 
international securities transactions. The claimant(s), irrespective of number, shall 
nominate jointly one arbitrator; the respondent(s), irrespective of number, shall nominate 
jointly the second arbitrator, and a third arbitrator (who shall act as presiding arbitrator) 
shall be nominated by the arbitrators nominated by or on behalf of the claimant(s) and 
respondent(s) or, in the absence of agreement on the third arbitrator within 30 days of the 
date of nomination of the later of the two party-nominated arbitrators to be nominated, the 
third arbitrator shall be chosen by the LCIA Court (as defined in the Rules).
(B)
The seat of arbitration shall be London, England.
(C)
The language of the arbitration shall be English.
(iii)
Recourse to courts: For the purposes of arbitration pursuant to this Condition 25(b), the Issuer 
and each Noteholder waive any right of application to determine a preliminary point of law or 
appeal on a point of law under Sections 45 and 69 of the Arbitration Act 1996.
(c)
Noteholder’s option: Notwithstanding the agreement described in Condition 25(b) (Arbitration) above, 
any Noteholder may, in the alternative, and at its sole discretion, by notice in writing to the Issuer:
(i)
within 28 days of service of a Request for Arbitration (as defined in the Rules); or 
(ii)
if no arbitration has commenced,
require that a Dispute be heard by a court of law. If a Noteholder gives such notice, the Dispute to which 
such notice refers shall be determined in accordance with Condition 25(d) (Jurisdiction) and any 
arbitration commenced under Condition 25(b) (Arbitration) in respect of that Dispute will be terminated. 
Each of the parties to the terminated arbitration will bear its own cost in relation thereto.
(d)
Jurisdiction: In the event that a Noteholder issues a notice pursuant to Condition 25(c) (Noteholder’s 
option), the provisions of this Condition 25(d) shall apply.
(i)
English courts: The courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle a Dispute arising 
from or connected with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes).
(ii)
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary.
(iii)
Process agent: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any proceedings relating to a 
Dispute (“Proceedings”) and any other documents required to be served in relation to those

--- Page 105 ---
88
Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to T&H Secretarial Services Limited at 3 
Bunhill Row, London EC1Y 8YZ or, if different, its principal place of business for the time being 
or to any address of the Issuer in Great Britain at which process may be served on it in accordance 
with the Companies Act 2006. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept 
service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the written demand of any 
Noteholder addressed and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent 
appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, failing such 
appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written 
notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent. Nothing in this Condition 25(d)(iii) shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve 
process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England 
and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
(iv)
Consent to enforcement etc.: The Issuer consents generally in respect of any Proceedings to the 
giving of any relief or the issue of any process in connection with such Proceedings including 
(without limitation) the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever 
(irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or judgment which is made or given in such 
Proceedings.
(v)
Waiver of immunity: To the extent that the Issuer may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its 
assets or revenues immunity from suit, execution, attachment (whether in aid of execution, before 
judgment or otherwise) or other legal process and to the extent that such immunity (whether or 
not claimed) may be attributed in any such jurisdiction to the Issuer or its assets or revenues, the 
Issuer agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the full extent permitted by 
the laws of such jurisdiction.

--- Page 106 ---
89
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes which are not Exempt Notes will be substantially in the 
following form, duly completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this 
section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for 
completing the Final Terms.
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II[.] / [; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”)]. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] [Include where 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” in Part B is specified as “Applicable”.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA [.] / [; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA]. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] [Include 
where “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” in Part B is specified as “Applicable”.]
[MiFID II product governance/ Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in

--- Page 107 ---
90
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018]/[EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”)][distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes 
[are] / [are not] “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] 
[Excluded] / [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). [For 
any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.]
Final Terms dated [●]
BANK MUSCAT (SAOG)
(LEI: 549300HC6W6OEXV7SY67)
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
under the U.S.$2,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 12 April 2023 (the “Base Prospectus”) [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated 
[●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”)]/[the Prospectus Regulation]. This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to 
the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The 
Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing on the website of 
Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) [and] during normal business hours at 
[address] and copies may be obtained from [address].
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.]
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 29 September 2020. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)]/[the 
Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 12 April 2023 [and the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●]] in order to obtain all the relevant information, save in respect 
of the Conditions which are extracted from the base prospectus dated 29 September 2020. The Base Prospectus 
[and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) [and] during normal business hours at [address] and copies may 
be obtained from [address].

--- Page 108 ---
91
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.]
[When completing these Final Terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms constitute 
“significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under 
Article 16 of the Prospective Directive.]
1.
Issuer:
Bank Muscat (SAOG)
2.
[(i)] [Series Number:]
[●]
[(ii)] [Tranche Number:]
[●]
(iii) Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
series:
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with 
[identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/the date that is 
40 days after the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [●] below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable]
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[●]
4.
Aggregate Principal Amount of the 
Notes:
[(i)] [Series:]
[●]
[(ii)] [Tranche:
[●]]
5.
Issue Price:
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)]
6.
(i)
Specified Denominations:
[●]
[Note: no Notes may be issued under the Programme which 
have a minimum denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or 
equivalent in another currency at their issue date). If the 
Specified Denomination is expressed to be EUR 100,000 or 
its equivalent and multiples of a lower principal amount 
(e.g. EUR 1,000), then insert the following additional 
wording: “EUR 100,000 and integral multiples of 
EUR [1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
EUR [199,000]. No notes in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above EUR [199,000].”]
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[●]
7.
(i)
Issue Date:
[●]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
8.
Maturity Date:
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year]
[Note: If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the 
Issue Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by 
the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of

--- Page 109 ---
92
issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment 
maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, (i) the 
Notes must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to 
“professional investors” or (ii) another applicable 
exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must be available.]
9.
Interest Basis:
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[●] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16] below)
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [●] per cent. of their principal amount.
11.
Change of Interest Basis:
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and 
identify there] / [Not Applicable]
12.
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put]
[Issuer Call]
[Not Applicable] (see paragraph [17]/[18] below)
13.
Status of the Notes:
[Senior Notes/Subordinated Notes]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph]
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business Day”]/not 
adjusted]
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iv) Broken Amount(s):
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [●]/[Not Applicable]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360]
[360/360]
[30E/360]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/360]
[Actual/365]
[Actual/365 (fixed)]
[Actual/365 (sterling)]
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]

--- Page 110 ---
93
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]
[Eurobond Basis]
(vi) Determination Date:
[●] in each year [insert regular Interest Payment Dates, 
ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon.]
[N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph]
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[●]
(ii)
Specified Period:
[●]
[Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than Specified 
Interest Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the Business 
Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert 
“Not Applicable”]
(iii) Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates:
[●]
[Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention, insert “Not Applicable”]
(iv) Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not 
Applicable]
(v)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details]
(vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination not Referencing SOFR, SONIA 
or €STR/Screen Rate Determination Referencing SOFR, 
SONIA or €STR/ISDA Determination]
(vii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent):
[[Name and address] shall be the Calculation Agent]
[No need to specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this 
function]
(viii)Screen Rate Determination not 
Referencing SOFR, SONIA or 
€STR:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph]

Reference Rate:
[●] 
month 
[EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/ 
KIBOR/SHIBOR/HIBOR/KLIBOR/TRLIBOR 
or 
TRYLIBOR/SIBOR/EIBOR/TIBOR/SAIBOR] is provided 
by [administrator legal name] [repeat as necessary]. [As at 
the date hereof, [[administrator legal name] [appears]/[does 
not appear]] [repeat as necessary] in the register of

--- Page 111 ---
94
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, 
the [[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, (as amended) by virtue of 
Article 2 of that Regulation]/[transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply, such that 
[insert names(s) of administrator(s)] [is/are] not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]] / [Not Applicable]

Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[●]

Relevant Screen Page:
[For example, Reuters page [●]]

Relevant Time:
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time]

Relevant Financial 
Centre:
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone means 
the region comprising the countries whose lawful currency 
is the euro)]

Reference Banks
[●][Not Applicable]
(ix) Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
Referencing SOFR, SONIA or 
€STR
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph]

Reference Rate
[SOFR/SONIA/€STR]

Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)
[●]/[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the first day 
of each Interest Period]/[First day of each Interest 
Period]/[The [●][first, second, third etc.] Business Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date for each 
Interest Period (or immediately preceding such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).][provide 
details]/[The Interest Payment Date at the end of each 
Interest Period; provided that the Interest Determination 
Date with respect to the last Interest Period prior to the 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption will be the 
Rate Cut-off Date - Include this wording for Payment Delay 
only]]

Calculation Method:
[Compounded 
Daily/Weighted 
Average/SOFR 
Index/SONIA Index]

Observation Method:
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Payment Delay/ Not 
Applicable]

Observation Look-Back 
Period:
[●]/[Not Applicable]

Effective 
Interest 
Payment Date:
[The date falling [●] Business Days following each Interest 
Payment Date, provided that the Effective Interest Payment

--- Page 112 ---
95
Date with respect to the last Applicable Period will be the 
Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes 
before the Maturity Date, the date fixed for redemption - 
used for Payment Delay only]/[Not Applicable]

Rate Cut-off Date:
[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the Maturity 
Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable – used 
for Payment Delay only]/[Not Applicable]

Relevant Number:
[insert number being [five] or greater][Not Applicable]

D:
[365/360/[●]]

Relevant Screen Page:
[●]
(x)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph]

ISDA Definitions
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions]

Floating Rate Option:
[●]

Designated Maturity:
[[●]/Not Applicable]
[A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate]

Reset Date:
[●]

Compounding:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph]

[Compounding Method:
[Compounding with Lookback
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days]
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]]
[Compounding with Lock-out
Lock-out: [●] Lock-out Period Business Days
Lock-out Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business 
Days]]]

Index Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph]

[Index Method:
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 113 ---
96
(xi) Linear Interpolation:
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)]
(xii) Margin(s):
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(xiii)Minimum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(xv) Day Count Fraction:
[30/360]
[360/360]
[30E/360]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/360]
[Actual/365]
[Actual/365 (fixed)]
[Actual/365 (sterling)]
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]
[Eurobond Basis]
(xvi) Benchmark Replacement fall 
back:
[Condition 
7(m)(1) 
(Independent 
Adviser) 
is 
applicable/Condition 7(m)(2) (ARRC) is applicable]
16.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Reference Price:
[●]
(iii) Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts:
[30/360]
[360/360]
[30E/360]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/360]
[Actual/365]
[Actual/365 (fixed)]
[Actual/365 (sterling)]
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]
[Eurobond Basis]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
[Early Redemption provisions shall not apply to Subordinated Notes]
17.
Call Option:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph]

--- Page 114 ---
97
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iii) If redeemable in part:
[●]
(a)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(b)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iv) Notice period:
[●]
18.
Put Option:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph]
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s):
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iii) Notice period:
[●]
19.
Final Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
20.
Early Redemption Amount:
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for tax reasons or on 
event of default:
[if both the Early Redemption Amount (Tax) and the Early 
Termination Amount are the principal amount of the 
Notes/specify the Early Redemption Amount (Tax) and/or 
the Early Termination Amount if different from the principal 
amount of the Notes]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
21.
Form of Notes:
[Bearer Notes:]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note.]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [●] days’ notice.]
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note.]
[Condition 12(f) (Unmatured Coupons void) is applicable.]
[Registered Notes:]
[Global Registered Note registered in the name of a nominee 
for [a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]]
22.
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 115 ---
98
[Note: this item relates to the date and place of payment, and 
not interest period end dates, to which items 16(ii) and 
18(iv) relate]
23.
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature):
[Yes/No]
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are still to be made/No]
[If yes, give details]
24.
Consolidation provisions:
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 21 (Further 
Issues)] apply]
ADMISSION TO TRADING
This Final Terms comprise the final terms required for the Notes described herein to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin pursuant to the U.S.$2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme of Bank Muscat (SAOG).
RESPONSIBILITY
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Final Terms [[relevant third party 
information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.].
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:
By: ……………………………………………
Duly authorised

--- Page 116 ---
99
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
Listing and Admission to Trading
(i)
Listing:
[Application [will be/has been] made for the Notes to be listed on the 
official list of Euronext Dublin]
(ii)
Admission to trading:
[Application [will be/has been] made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin with effect from [●].]
(iii)
Estimate of total 
expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[●]
2.
Ratings
Ratings:
The Notes to be issued [have not been][have been][are expected to be] 
rated:
[S & P:
[●]]
[Moody’s:
[●]]
[Fitch:
[●]]
[[Other]:
[●]]
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the rating provider.]
[The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the 
type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.]
[[Each of] [Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).]
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] is not established in the EEA but the rating it has given to the Notes 
is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).]
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] is not established in the EEA but is certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).] 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] is not established in the EEA and is not certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and the rating 
it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation.]
3.
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue/Offer
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have

--- Page 117 ---
100
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.]
[When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospective Regulation.]
4.
Reasons for the Offer, Estimated Net Proceeds and Total Expense
[(i)] Reasons for the offer:
[●][To meet the Issuer’s general financing requirements]
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds:
[●]1
[If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split out and 
present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed 
uses state amount and sources of other funding.]
[(iii)]Estimated total 
expenses:
[●] [Include breakdown of expenses]
5.
[Fixed Rate Notes only – 
YIELD
Indication of yield:
[●]
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It 
is not an indication of future yield.]
6.
Historic interest rates
Details 
of 
historic 
[EURIBOR/ 
NIBOR/STIBOR/KIBOR/SHIBOR/HIBOR/KLIBOR/TRLIBOR 
or 
TRYLIBOR/SIBOR/EIBOR/TIBOR/SAIBOR] rates can be obtained 
from [Reuters]/[●]/[Not Applicable]
7.
Operational Information
ISIN Code:
[●]
Common Code:
[●]
CFI:
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
FISN:
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking 
S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
1
Listed Notes only.

--- Page 118 ---
101
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any):
[●]
8.
Distribution
(i)
If syndicated, names 
and addresses of 
Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names and addresses]
(ii)
Date of [Subscription 
Agreement]:
[●]
(iii)
Stabilisation Manager 
(if any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name and address]
US Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2]
TEFRA:
(In the case of Bearer Notes) – [TEFRA Not Applicable/The TEFRA 
[C/D] rules are applicable]
(In the case of Registered Notes) – Not Applicable
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products 
or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be specified.)
Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products 
or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 119 ---
102
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT
EXEMPT NOTES OF ANY DENOMINATION
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes, 
whatever the denomination of those Exempt Notes, issued under the Programme.
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (THE 
“PROSPECTUS REGULATION”) OR REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF 
DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (THE 
“UK PROSPECTUS REGULATION”) FOR THE ISSUE OF EXEMPT NOTES DESCRIBED 
BELOW.
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II[.]/[; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation]. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] [Include where “Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors” in Part B is specified as “Applicable”.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA[.]/[; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA]. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] [Include where 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” in Part B is specified as “Applicable”.]
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 120 ---
103
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018]/[EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”)][distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes 
[are] / [are not] “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] 
[Excluded] / [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). [For 
any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.]
Pricing Supplement dated [●]
BANK MUSCAT (SAOG)
(LEI: 549300HC6W6OEXV7SY67)
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
under the U.S.$2,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Exempt Notes may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 3 of 
the Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation or UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.]
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Exempt Notes described herein. This document must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 12 April 2023 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] 
dated [date[s]]] (the “Base Prospectus”). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Exempt Notes is 
only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing on the website of 
Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) [and] during normal business hours at the head 
office of the Issuer (at Airport Heights, Seeb, Muscat) and copies may be obtained from the head office of the 
Issuer (at Airport Heights, Seeb, Muscat).
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 29 September 2020 which are incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus].

--- Page 121 ---
104
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.]
[If the Exempt Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]
1.
Issuer:
Bank Muscat (SAOG)
2.
[(i)]
[Series Number:]
[●]
[(ii)] [Tranche Number:]
[●]
(iii)
Date on which the Exempt 
Notes will be consolidated 
and form a single series:
The Exempt Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/the 
date that is 40 days after the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph [●] below, which is expected 
to occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable]
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[●]
4.
Aggregate Principal Amount of the 
Exempt Notes:
[(i)]
[Series:]
[●]
[(ii)] [Tranche:
[●]]
5.
Issue Price:
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible issues only, 
if applicable)]
6.
(i)
Specified Denominations:
[●]
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[●]
7.
(i)
Issue Date:
[●]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
[Specify /Issue Date/Not Applicable]
8.
Maturity Date:
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year]
9.
Interest Basis:
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[●] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
[Index Linked Interest]
[Dual Currency Interest]
[specify other]
(further particulars specified below)
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Redemption at par]
[Index Linked Redemption]
[Dual Currency Redemption]
[Partly Paid]
[Instalment]
[specify other]

--- Page 122 ---
105
11.
Change of Interest Basis:
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and 
identify there] / [Not Applicable]
12.
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put]
[Issuer Call]
[Not Applicable] (see paragraph [19]/[20] below)
13.
Status of the Exempt Notes:
[Senior Notes/Subordinated Notes]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph]
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify)] in arrear]
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business Day”]/not adjusted]
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iv) Broken Amount(s):
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [●]/[Not Applicable]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360]
[360/360]
[30E/360]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/360]
[Actual/365]
[Actual/365 (fixed)]
[Actual/365 (sterling)]
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]
[Eurobond Basis]
[specify other]
(vi) Determination Date:
[●] in each year [insert regular Interest Payment Dates, 
ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon.]
[N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
(vii) Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate Notes:
[Not Applicable/give details]
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph]

--- Page 123 ---
106
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[●]
(ii)
Specified Period:
[●]
[Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than Specified Interest 
Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention 
or 
Eurodollar 
Convention. 
Otherwise, 
insert 
“Not 
Applicable”]
(iii) Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates:
[●]
[Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention, insert “Not Applicable”]
(iv) Business Day Convention:
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not 
Applicable]
(v)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details]
(vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination not Referencing SOFR, SONIA 
or €STR/Screen Rate Determination Referencing SOFR, 
SONIA or €STR/ISDA Determination]
(vii) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Fiscal Agent):
[[Name and address] shall be the Calculation Agent]
[No need to specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this 
function]
(viii)Screen Rate Determination not 
Referencing SOFR, SONIA or 
€STR:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph]

Reference Rate:
[●] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/KIBOR/SHIBOR/ 
HIBOR/ 
KLIBOR/TRLIBOR 
or 
TRYLIBOR/SIBOR/ 
EIBOR/ TIBOR/SAIBOR] is provided by [administrator 
legal name] [repeat as necessary]. [As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name] [appears]/[does not appear]] 
[repeat as necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended]/[As far as the Issuer 
is aware, as at the date hereof, the [[specify benchmark] does 
not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as 
amended) 
by 
virtue 
of 
Article 
2 
of 
that 
Regulation]/[transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply, such that [insert names(s) 
of administrator(s)] [is/are] not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the

--- Page 124 ---
107
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
/ [Not Applicable]

Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[●]

Relevant Screen Page:
[For example, Reuters page [●]]

Relevant Time:
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time]

Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone means 
the region comprising the countries whose lawful currency is 
the euro)]

Reference Banks:
[●][Not Applicable]
(ix) Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
Referencing SOFR, SONIA or 
€STR
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph]

Reference Rate
[SOFR/SONIA/€STR]

Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)
[●]/[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the first day 
of each Interest Period]/[First day of each Interest 
Period]/[The [●][first, second, third etc.] Business Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date for each 
Interest Period (or immediately preceding such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes are due and payable).][provide 
details]/[The Interest Payment Date at the end of each Interest 
Period; provided that the Interest Determination Date with 
respect to the last Interest Period prior to the Maturity Date or 
the date fixed for redemption will be the Rate Cut-off Date - 
Include this wording for Payment Delay only]

Calculation Method:
[Compounded Daily/Weighted Average/SOFR Index/SONIA 
Index]

Observation Method:
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation 
Shift/Payment 
Delay/Not 
Applicable]

Observation Look-Back 
Period:
[●]/[Not Applicable]

Effective 
Interest 
Payment Date:
[The date falling [●] Business Days following each Interest 
Payment Date, provided that the Effective Interest Payment 
Date with respect to the last Applicable Period will be the 
Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes 
before the Maturity Date, the date fixed for redemption - used 
for Payment Delay only]/[Not Applicable]

Rate Cut-off Date:
[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date 
or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable – used for 
Payment Delay only]/[Not Applicable]

Relevant Number:
[insert number being [five] or greater][Not Applicable]

D:
[365/360/[●]]

--- Page 125 ---
108

Relevant Screen Page:
[●]
(x)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph]

ISDA Definitions
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions]

Floating Rate Option:
[●]

Designated Maturity:
[[●]/Not Applicable]
[A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate]

Reset Date:
[●]

Compounding:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph]

[Compounding Method:
[Compounding with Lookback
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days]
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Compounding with Lock-out
Lock-out: [●] Lock-out Period Business Days
Lock-out Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business 
Days]]]

Index Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph]

[Index Method:
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable]]
(xi) Linear Interpolation:
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)]
(xii) Margin(s):
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(xiii)Minimum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(xv) Day Count Fraction:
[30/360]
[360/360]

--- Page 126 ---
109
[30E/360]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/360]
[Actual/365]
[Actual/365 (fixed)]
[Actual/365 (sterling)]
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]
[Eurobond Basis]
[specify other]
(xvi) Fallback provisions, rounding 
provisions, denominator and 
any other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
on Floating Rate Notes which 
are Exempt Notes, if different 
from those set out in the 
Conditions:
[Not Applicable/[specify]]
(xvii)
Benchmark 
Replacement 
fall back:
[Condition 
7(m)(1) 
(Independent 
Adviser) 
is 
applicable/Condition 7(m)(2) (ARRC) is applicable]
16.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Reference Price:
[●]
(iii) Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts:
[30/360]
[360/360]
[30E/360]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/360]
[Actual/365]
[Actual/365 (fixed)]
[Actual/365 (sterling)]
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]
[Eurobond Basis]
[specify other]
17.
Index Linked Interest Note:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(a)
Index/Formula:
[give annex details]
(b)
Calculation Agent:
[give name]

--- Page 127 ---
110
(c)
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
(if not the Calculation Agent) 
and Interest Amount (if not the 
Agent):
[●]
(d)
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Coupon where calculation by 
reference 
to 
Index 
and/or 
Formula 
is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable:
[need to include a description of market disruption or 
settlement disruption events and adjustment provisions]
(e)
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates:
[●]
(f)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/ specify 
other/Not Applicable]
(g)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[●]
(h)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(i)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(j)
Day Count Fraction:
[●]
18.
Dual Currency Interest Note 
Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Rate of Exchange/method of 
calculating Rate of Exchange:
[give annex details]
(b)
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Agent):
[●]
(c)
Provisions applicable where 
calculation by reference to Rate 
of Exchange impossible or 
impracticable:
[need to include a description of market disruption or 
settlement disruption events and adjustment provisions]
(d)
Person 
at 
whose 
option 
Specified Currency(ies) is/are 
payable:
[●]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
[Early Redemption provisions shall not apply to Subordinated Notes]
19.
Call Option:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph]
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s):
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 128 ---
111
(iii) If redeemable in part:
(a)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(b)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iv) Notice period:
[●]
20.
Put Option:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph]
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s):
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iii) Notice period:
[●]
21.
Final Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
In the case of Index Linked 
Redemption Notes:
(i)
Index/Formula/variable:
[give or annex details]
(ii)
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Final 
Redemption Amount (if not the 
Fiscal Agent):
[●]
(iii) Provisions 
for 
determining 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
where calculated by reference 
to Index and/or Formula and/or 
other variable:
[●]
Determination Date(s):
[●]
Provisions for determining Final 
Redemption Amount where 
calculation by reference to Index 
and/or Formula and/or other 
variable is impossible or 
impracticable or otherwise 
disrupted:
[●]
Payment Date:
[●]
Minimum Final Redemption 
Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
Maximum Final Redemption 
Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
22.
Early Redemption Amount:
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
[If both the Early Redemption Amount (Tax) and the Early 
Termination Amount are the principal amount of the

--- Page 129 ---
112
redemption for tax reasons or on 
event of default:
Notes/specify the Early Redemption Amount (Tax) and/or the 
Early Termination Amount if different from the principal 
amount of the Notes]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE EXEMPT NOTES
23.
Form of Exempt Notes:
[Bearer Notes:]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note.]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [●] days’ notice.]
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note.]
[Condition 12(f) (Unmatured Coupons void) is applicable.]
[Registered Notes:]
[Global Registered Note registered in the name of a nominee 
for [a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]]
24.
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Dates:
[Not Applicable/give details]
25.
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature):
[Yes/No]
[Yes, as the Exempt Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No]
[If yes, give details]
26.
Consolidation provisions:
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 21 (Further 
Issues)] [annexed to this Pricing Supplement] apply]
27.
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising 
the Issue Price and date on which 
each payment is to be made and 
consequences (if any) of failure to 
pay, including any right of the Issuer 
to forfeit the Notes and interest due 
on late payment:
[Not Applicable/give details]
28.
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
Instalment 
Amounts, 
Instalment 
Dates
[Not Applicable/give details]
29.
Other terms or special conditions:
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 130 ---
113
RESPONSIBILITY
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement [[relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading].
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:
By: ……………………………………………
Duly authorised

--- Page 131 ---
114
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
Listing and Admission to Trading
Listing:
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Exempt Notes to be listed on 
[specify market – note this should not be a regulated market] 
with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable]
2.
Ratings
Ratings:
The Exempt Notes to be issued [have not been][have 
been][are expected to be] rated:
[S & P:
[●]]
[Moody’s:
[●]]
[Fitch:
[●]]
[[Other]:
[●]]
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.]
[The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.]
[[Each of] [Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the “CRA Regulation”).]
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but the rating 
it has given to the Exempt Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”).]
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but is certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”).]
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA and is not 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the “CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the 
Exempt Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.]
3.
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue/Offer
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Exempt Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial

--- Page 132 ---
115
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.]
4.
Reasons for the Offer, Estimated Net Proceeds and Total Expense
[(i)] Reasons for the offer:
[●][To meet the Issuer’s general financing requirements]
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds:
[●]
[If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.]
[(iii)] Estimated total expenses:
[●] [Include breakdown of expenses]
5.
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD
Indication of yield:
[●]
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.]
6.
Historic interest rates
Details of historic 
[EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/KIBOR/SHIBOR/HIBOR/KL
IBOR/TRLIBOR or TRYLIBOR/SIBOR/EIBOR/TIBOR/ 
SAIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters]/[●]/[Not 
Applicable]
7.
Operational Information
ISIN Code:
[●]
Common Code:
[●]
CFI:
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the National Numbering Agency 
that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
FISN:
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the National Numbering Agency 
that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[●]
8.
Distribution
(i)
If 
syndicated, 
names 
and 
addresses of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names and addresses]
(ii)
Date 
of 
[Subscription 
Agreement]:
[●]

--- Page 133 ---
116
(iii) Stabilisation Manager (if any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
If non-syndicated, name and address 
of Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name and address]
US Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2]
TEFRA:
(In the case of Bearer Notes) – [TEFRA Not Applicable/The 
TEFRA [C/D] rules are applicable]
(In the case of Registered Notes) – Not Applicable
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products 
or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be specified.)
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products 
or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be specified.)
Additional selling restrictions:
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 134 ---
117
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
Clearing System Accountholders
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so 
long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary.
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered 
Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held by 
or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or a nominee for that depositary 
or common depositary.
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each an 
“Accountholder”) must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant 
clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuer to the 
holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising under such 
Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may 
exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note will be determined by the respective 
rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from 
time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Registered Note, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and 
such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or Global 
Registered Note.
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) 
of such Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case 
of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of such Permanent Global Note in accordance 
with its terms against:
(i)
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent; and
(ii)
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership,
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange.
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no circumstances 
shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note.
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), in

--- Page 135 ---
118
an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note at the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.
If:
(a)
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange 
of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or
(b)
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer 
of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; 
or
(c)
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the 
terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment,
then, from 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on such thirtieth day (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of 
(c) above) holders of interests in such Temporary Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on 
the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear, and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to 
the terms of a deed of covenant dated 12 April 2023 (the “Deed of Covenant”) and executed by the Issuer. The 
foregoing notwithstanding, payment to any such Holder in respect of any Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note shall constitute a discharge of the Issuer’s obligations to the extent of any such payment and 
nothing in the Deed of Covenant shall oblige the Issuer to make any payment under the Notes to or to the order 
of any person other than the Holder.
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note at the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.
If:
(a)
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer 
of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive 
Notes;
(b)
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a temporary global note 
representing the Notes and such temporary global note becomes void or its bearer ceases to have rights 
thereunder in accordance with its terms; or
(c)
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been

--- Page 136 ---
119
made to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global 
Note on the due date for payment,
then, from 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or from 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on the date on which such Temporary Global Note becomes void or its bearer ceases to have rights 
thereunder (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) 
holders of interests in such Permanent Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of 
statements of account provided by Euroclear, and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of 
the Deed of Covenant. The foregoing notwithstanding, payment to any such Holder in respect of any Notes 
represented by the Permanent Global Note shall constitute a discharge of the Issuer’s obligations to the extent 
of any such payment and nothing in the Deed of Covenant shall oblige the Issuer to make any payment under 
the Notes to or to the order of any person other than the Holder.
Exchange of Global Registered Notes
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall procure 
that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount 
of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the holder of the 
Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such 
Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose 
names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person’s 
holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar.
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations 
concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without 
charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty 
of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange.
If:
(a)
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note; 
or
(b)
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in accordance with the 
terms of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment,
then, from 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) holders of interests in such Global Registered Note credited to 
their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to 
proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear, and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of the Deed of Covenant. The foregoing notwithstanding, 
payment to any such Holder in respect of any Notes represented by the Global Registered Note shall constitute 
a discharge of the Issuer’s obligations to the extent of any such payment and nothing in the Deed of Covenant 
shall oblige the Issuer to make any payment under the Notes to or to the order of any person other than the 
Holder.

--- Page 137 ---
120
Owner of Global Registered Notes and Payments
Subject to certain provisions of the Deed of Covenant relating to directions, sanctions and consents of Holders 
of Registered Notes and to meetings of Holders of Notes, so long as Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
the nominee of their common depositary is the registered owner or holder of a Global Registered Note, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner 
or holder of the Notes represented by such Global Registered Note for all purposes under the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Notes. Payments of principal, interest and additional amounts, if any, 
pursuant to Condition 13 (Payments—Registered Notes), on Global Registered Notes will be made to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or such nominee, as the case may be, as the registered holder thereof. None of the 
Issuer, the Registrar, or any Paying Agent or any affiliate of any of the above or any person by whom any of 
the above is controlled for the purposes of the Securities Act will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in Global 
Registered Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. Each such payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to or to the order of the person 
whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the record date which shall be on the Clearing 
System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment (the “Record Date”), where “Clearing System 
Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January.
Conditions applicable to Global Notes
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a summary of certain 
of those provisions:
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Individual Note Certificate or 
Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest 
accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that the same is noted in a schedule thereto. Interest shall be payable in the manner specified 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, save that the calculation of interest shall be made in respect of the 
total aggregate amount of the Notes represented by the relevant Global Note or Global Registered Note.
In addition, and notwithstanding Condition 2(a) (Definitions), for purposes of each Global Note and Global 
Registered Note, the definition of “Payment Business Day” shall be amended as follows:
“Payment Business Day” means:
(i)
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or
(ii)
if the currency of the payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre.
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note may 
be redeemed in part at the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the 
Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions, but in accordance with the rules and

--- Page 138 ---
121
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion).
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders), the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note must, within 
the period specified in the conditions of the Notes for the deposit of the relevant Note and put option notice, 
give written notice (or notice through the relevant clearing systems) of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent 
specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice 
will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn.
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 22 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global 
Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note and the 
Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) or the Global 
Registered Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in 
any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 
(Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system provided, however, that, so long as Notes are listed on the official list of Euronext Dublin and 
the rules of that Stock Exchange so require, notices will also be published in a leading newspaper having general 
circulation in Dublin (which is expected to be the Irish Times) or published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).

--- Page 139 ---
122
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
The following information has been extracted from, and should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in 
its entirety by reference to, the Financial Statements and should also be read in conjunction with “Financial 
review”. See also “Presentation of financial and other information” for a discussion of the sources of the 
numbers contained in this section. 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Data
The table below shows the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position data as at 31 December in each 
of 2022, 2021 and 2020.
As at 31 December
2022
2021
2020
(RO million)
ASSETS
Cash and balances with central banks.................................
883
1,047
657
Due from banks...................................................................
641
765
575
Loans and advances.............................................................
7,967
7,830
7,731
Islamic financing receivables..............................................
1,449
1,361
1,251
Investment securities...........................................................
1,572
1,811
1,847
Investment in associates......................................................
9
8
—
Other assets .........................................................................
185
175
321
Property, equipment and software.......................................
68
74
71
Total assets.........................................................................
12,776
13,073
12,454
LIABILITIES
Deposits from banks............................................................
1,004
1,218
940
Customers’ deposits ............................................................
7,410
7,604
7,429
Islamic customers’ deposits ................................................
1,237
1,171
1,030
Sukuk...................................................................................
46
91
91
Euro medium term notes.....................................................
390
390
391
Other liabilities....................................................................
401
395
470
Taxation...............................................................................
56
53
48
Subordinated liabilities........................................................
—
—
13
Total liabilities...................................................................
10,544
10,922
10,410
EQUITY
Equity attributable to equity holders of the parent
Share capital........................................................................
751
357
325
Share premium ....................................................................
156
532
532
General reserve....................................................................
410
410
397
Legal reserve.......................................................................
139
119
108
Revaluation reserve.............................................................
5
5
5
Subordinated loan reserve...................................................
—
—
13
Cash flow hedge reserve .....................................................
—
—
(0)
Cumulative changes in fair value........................................
(1)
3
(4)
Foreign currency translation reserve...................................
(4)
(2)
(2)
Impairment reserve / restructured loan reserve...................
2
2
2

--- Page 140 ---
123
As at 31 December
2022
2021
2020
(RO million)
Retained earnings................................................................
268
595
538
Total equity attributable to the equity holders...............
1,727
2,021
1,914
Perpetual Tier I capital........................................................
505
130
130
Total equity........................................................................
2,232
2,151
2,044
Total liabilities and equity................................................
12,776
13,073
12,454

--- Page 141 ---
124
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income Data
The table below shows the Group’s consolidated statement of income data for each of 2022, 2021 and 2020.
2022
2021
2020
(RO million)
Interest income ..................................................................
468
445
438
Interest expense .................................................................
(163)
(143)
(144)
Net interest income..........................................................
306
302
294
Income from Islamic financing/investments .....................
86
77
68
Distribution to depositors ..................................................
(46)
(43)
(40)
Net income from Islamic financing................................
39
34
28
Net interest income and income from Islamic 
financing...........................................................................
345
336
322
Commission and fee income (net).....................................
110
100
93
Other operating income.....................................................
48
40
42
Operating income ............................................................
503
475
457
Other operating expenses ..................................................
(189)
(174)
(160)
Depreciation ......................................................................
(18)
(17)
(20)
Operating expenses..........................................................
(207)
(191)
(180)
Share of results from associates ........................................
1
0
—
Net impairment losses on financial assets.........................
(60)
(60)
(81)
(266)
(252)
(261)
Profit before taxation ......................................................
237
224
196
Tax expense.......................................................................
(36)
(34)
(32)
Profit for the year............................................................
201
190
163
Other comprehensive (expense)/income
Net other comprehensive (expense)/income to be 
reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods, net of 
tax
Translation of net investments in foreign operations ........
(1)
(0)
(0)
Change in fair value of FVOCI debt instruments..............
(5)
(3)
1
Share of other comprehensive income of associates.........
(0)
0
—
Change in fair value of cash flow hedge ...........................
—
0
(0)
(6)
(3)
1
Net other comprehensive (expense)/income not to be 
reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods, net of 
tax
Change in fair value of FVOCI equity instruments ..........
1
9
(8)
Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year...
(5)
6
(7)
Total comprehensive income for the year .....................
196
196
156

--- Page 142 ---
125
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flow Data
The table below summarises the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flow data for each of 2022, 2021 and 
2020.
2022
2021
2020
(RO million)
Net cash (used in)/from operating activities......................
(234)
352
542
Net cash used in investing activities..................................
(74)
(58)
(194)
Net cash used in financing activities .................................
(159)
(101)
(129)
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January.............................
1,395
1,203
983
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December.......................
929
1,395
1,203
Selected Ratios
The table below shows selected consolidated ratios of the Group as at and for the years ended 31 December in 
each of 2022, 2021 and 2020.
As at/year ended 31 December
2022
2021
2020
(per cent.)
Performance measures
Return on average assets(1)...................................................................
1.56
1.49
1.32
Return on average equity(2) ..................................................................
10.73
9.66
8.61
Cost to income ratio(3) ..........................................................................
41.2
40.2
39.4
Financial ratios
Net interest margin(4)............................................................................
2.91
2.77
2.77
Net profit margin(5)...............................................................................
40.0
40.0
35.7
Asset quality
Impaired loans ratio(6)...........................................................................
3.72
3.69
3.60
Loan loss coverage ratio(7)....................................................................
163.1
147.5
138.8
Liquid assets ratio(8) .............................................................................
19.1
22.7
20.2
Loans to customer deposits ratio(9).......................................................
108.9
104.7
106.2
Other ratios
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(10)............................................................
20.11
20.06
19.74
Total capital adequacy ratio(10).............................................................
21.25
21.30
20.77
Notes:
(1)
Profit for the year divided by average assets for the year, with average assets calculated as the sum of total assets at 
the start and end of each year divided by two.  
(2)
Profit for the year divided by average shareholders’ equity for the year, with average shareholders’ equity calculated 
as the sum of total equity attributable to equity holders at the start and end of each year divided by two.
(3)
Operating expenses divided by operating income.
(4)
Net interest income and income from Islamic financing divided by average interest earning assets for the year, with 
average interest earning assets for each month calculated as the sum of interest earning assets on a daily basis divided 
by the number of days in the month and then adding the monthly averages and dividing the sum by 12. Interest 
earning assets comprise due from banks, performing loans, advances and Islamic financing receivables and debt 
investment securities. Performing loans is equal to gross loans and advances and Islamic financing receivables less 
impaired loans and advances.
(5)
Profit for the year divided by operating income for the period.
(6)
Impaired loans and advances and Islamic financing receivables as a percentage of total gross loans and advances 
and Islamic financing receivables.
(7)
Sum of impairment loss allowances on loans and advances and Islamic financing receivables, financial guarantee 
contracts, undrawn commitments and unutilised limits as a percentage of impaired loans and advances and Islamic 
financing receivables.
(8)
Sum of cash and balance with central banks, government bonds, treasury bills and due from banks (having residual 
maturity within three months) divided by total assets.

--- Page 143 ---
126
(9)
Net loans and advances and Islamic financing receivables divided by the sum of customer deposits and Islamic 
customers’ deposits.
(10) Calculated in accordance with Basel III regulatory norms.

--- Page 144 ---
127
FINANCIAL REVIEW
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the information set out in 
“Presentation of financial and other information”, “Selected financial information” and the Financial 
Statements.
The discussion of the Group’s financial condition and results of operations is based upon the Financial 
Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, the applicable regulations of the CBO, the 
requirements of the Commercial Companies Law of 2019, as amended, and the relevant disclosure 
requirements of the CMA. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and 
uncertainties. The Group’s actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-
looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus, particularly under the heading “Risk factors”.
See “Presentation of financial and other information” for a discussion of the source of the numbers presented 
in this section and certain other relevant information. 
Overview
The Bank is the largest bank in Oman, with an approximately 33.6 per cent. market share by total loans and an 
approximately 34.1 per cent. market share by total assets as at 31 December 2022, based on CBO data for the 
total bank market in Oman. As at 31 December 2022, the Bank had a customer base of approximately 2.4 
million retail customers and approximately 7,200 corporate customers, had issued approximately 2.4 million 
debit cards and over 95,000 credit cards and employed over 3,950 people.
The Group engages in commercial and investment banking activities through a network of 173 branches 
(including 24 Meethaq branches) within Oman and one branch each in Riyadh and Kuwait. The Bank has 
representative offices in Dubai, Singapore and Iran.
Since 2013, the Bank has provided Islamic banking products and services in Oman through its Meethaq Islamic 
banking window. 
The Group’s principal source of income is the net interest income it generates principally through its consumer, 
corporate and wholesale banking businesses. It also generates net fee and commission income from all of its 
businesses, net financing income from its Meethaq business and other operating income.
Management’s current focus is on credit and deposit growth by exploiting potential growth opportunities in the 
government and quasi-government sector and opportunities deriving from Oman’s growing local population. It 
also targets an increase in synergies among all businesses through its “one-bank” approach along with customer 
centric initiatives across all functions. Along with growth, the emphasis is on maintaining credit quality and 
maintaining or increasing market share. Management also aims to enhance productivity and efficiency through 
cost control measures and the adoption of new technologies and innovation, including electronic delivery 
channels, targets higher profitability through a focus on non-fund income and enhanced revenue streams by 
identifying new business lines and opportunities and plans to continue to emphasise the health and safety of the 
Group’s employees as well as business continuity.
Management believes that the principal challenges facing the Group are:

the impact of the Russia-Ukraine war, and the resulting impact on oil prices and Oman’s economy and, 
government spending, employment, stock market prices and other oil-based economic dependencies;

--- Page 145 ---
128

adverse changes in regulation, such as caps on lending rates, tight regulations on fee based activities, 
lending and investment restrictions and increases in cost due to the introduction of value added taxes in 
Oman and on overseas business;

adverse macroeconomic and geopolitical developments including adverse movements in interest rates 
and exchange rates, negative geopolitical developments affecting the MENA region and social and 
economic instability;

the Group’s high level of risk concentration in its local market; and

the threat of a significant increase in competition due to consolidation among competitor banks.
As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s net customer loan portfolio (including its Islamic financing receivables) 
aggregated RO 9,417 million and its total customers’ deposits (including its Islamic customers’ deposits) were 
RO 8,647 million. In 2022, the Group’s operating income was RO 503 million and its profit for the year was 
RO 201 million.
Principal Factors Affecting Results of Operations
The following is a discussion of the principal factors that have affected, or are expected to affect, the Group’s 
results of operations.
Economic conditions
The Group is an Omani bank focused on lending to, and accepting deposits from, institutions, companies and 
residents in Oman. As a result, its revenues and results of operations are significantly affected by economic and 
market conditions in Oman.
Oman’s nominal GDP is affected by movements in crude oil prices. According to data published by the CBO 
(based on NCSI information), Oman’s nominal GDP fell by 3.1 per cent. in 2020 compared to 2019, grew by 
19.2 per cent. in 2021 compared to 2020 and grew by 30.2 per cent. in the first nine months of 2022 compared 
to the corresponding period in 2021. Nominal GDP in the hydrocarbon sector fell by 24.5 per cent. in 2020 
compared to 2019, grew by 35.0 per cent. in 2021 compared to 2020 and grew by 72.5 per cent. in the first nine 
months of 2022 compared to the corresponding period in 2021. Non-oil GDP fell by 7.6 per cent. in nominal 
terms in 2020 compared to 2019, grew by 11.5 per cent. in 2021 compared to 2020 and grew by 14.6 per cent. 
in the first nine months of 2022 compared to the corresponding period in 2021.
According to the CBO (based on Ministry of Oil and Gas and NCSI information), the average export price of 
Omani crude oil during 2022 was U.S.$96.2 per barrel compared to U.S.$64.3 per barrel in 2021 and U.S.$46.0 
per barrel in 2020. According to the CBO (based on NCSI information), average annual inflation based on the 
Sultanate Consumer Price Index (“CPI”) was 2.8 per cent. in 2022 compared to 1.5 per cent. in 2021 and minus 
1.6 per cent. in 2020.
Based on the IMF’s October 2022 World Economic Database, Oman’s real GDP (which excludes the impact 
of volatile oil prices) growth rate was minus 3.2 per cent. in 2020, 2.9 per cent. in 2021 and estimated at 4.3 per 
cent. in 2022. The IMF estimates that Oman’s real GDP growth rate in 2023 will be 4.0 per cent. 
According to the CBO (based on Ministry of Finance information), Oman’s provisional fiscal surplus for the 
10 months ended 31 October 2022 was RO 1,208 million compared to a deficit of RO 1,007 million for the 10 
months ended 30 October 2021.
In March 2020, the CBO announced a comprehensive stimulus package in addition to recommending a set of 
precautionary measures for the banking sector. The measures aimed to inject additional liquidity of more than

--- Page 146 ---
129
RO 8 billion into Oman’s economy. On 7 September 2020, the CBO announced a second stimulus package, 
which mainly amended or extended provisions in the first stimulus package. 
Notwithstanding the CBO’s announced stimulus package, the Group financial results were adversely affected 
in 2020 as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and associated low oil prices on Oman’s economy.
Factors affecting net interest income and net income from Islamic financing
The Group’s net interest income and income from Islamic financing (together, its “net financing income”) is 
a major contributor to its operating income, comprising 68.6 per cent. of operating income in 2022, 70.7 per 
cent. in 2021 and 70.5 per cent. in 2020. Within net financing income:

interest earned on loans and advances to customers is the major contributor to total interest income and 
income from Islamic financing and investments (together, the Group’s “total financing income”), 
comprising 70.2 per cent. of total financing income in 2022, 73.0 per cent. in 2020 and 75.5 per cent. in 
2020, with Islamic financing receivables income comprising 13.9 per cent., 13.2 per cent. and 12.3 per 
cent., respectively, of total financing income in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and interest income 
from investments (including Islamic investments) comprising 12.6 per cent., 12.5 per cent. and 10.1 per 
cent., respectively, in the same years; and

interest paid on customers’ deposits is the major contributor to total interest expense and distribution to 
depositors (together, the Group’s “total financing expense”), comprising 59.3 per cent. of total 
financing expense in 2022, 61.8 per cent. in 2021 and 61.4 per cent. in 2020. Financing expense related 
to Islamic customers’ deposits comprised 16.7 per cent., 17.7 per cent. and 16.8 per cent., respectively, 
of total financing expense in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Interest expense on bank borrowings 
and euro medium term notes together comprised 18.7 per cent. of total financing expense in 2022, 15.1 
per cent. in 2021 and 16.3 per cent. in 2020. Financing expense related to Islamic bank borrowings and 
sukuk together comprised 5.7 per cent., 5.4 per cent. and 4.9 per cent., respectively, of total financing 
expense in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
The Group’s net financing income is affected by a number of factors. It is primarily determined by the volume 
of interest/income-earning assets relative to interest bearing liabilities, as well as the differential between rates 
earned on interest/income-earning assets and paid on interest bearing liabilities. The Group’s interest/income-
earning assets principally consist of its customer loan portfolio, lending placements with financial institutions 
and interest/profit-earning investment securities held by it. The Group’s interest bearing liabilities comprise its 
interest-bearing customers’ deposits, its Islamic customers’ deposits, its bank and Islamic bank borrowings and 
its euro medium term notes and sukuk issued.
For a discussion of the changes in the Group’s net financing income in each of the periods under review, see 
“Results of operations—Net financing income” below.
The Group’s net interest margin (being its interest income divided by its average interest earning assets for the 
year, with average interest earning assets first calculated for each month in the year as the sum of interest 
earning assets on a daily basis divided by the number of days in the month and then adding the monthly averages 
and dividing by 12) was 2.77 per cent. in each of 2020 and 2021 and increased to 2.91 per cent. in 2022. In 
addition, the Group’s financing spread (being the difference between the yield (interest income and income 
from Islamic financing/investments divided by average interest earning assets for the year, with average interest 
earning assets first calculated for each month in the year as the sum of interest earning assets on a daily basis 
divided by the number of days in the month and then adding the monthly averages and dividing by 12) and cost 
of funds (interest expense and distribution to depositors divided by the average interest bearing liabilities for 
the year, with average interest bearing liabilities first calculated for each month in the year as the sum of interest

--- Page 147 ---
130
bearing liabilities on a daily basis divided by the number of days in the month and then adding the monthly 
averages and divided by 12) for the Group’s Omani operations was 2.51 per cent. in each of 2020 and 2021 and 
2.61 per cent. in 2022.
Movements in net impairment losses on financial assets
The Group’s net impairment losses on financial assets for 2022 were RO 60 million compared to RO 60 million 
for 2021 and RO 81 million for 2020. 
For a discussion of the changes in the Group’s net impairment losses on financial assets in each year under 
review, see “Results of operations—Net impairment losses on financial assets” below.
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
The World Health Organization officially declared COVID-19 as a global pandemic at the start of 2020. 
COVID-19 caused significant disruptions to businesses and economic activities globally and across industries 
and sectors. During 2022, the business environment witnessed a recovery following a general relaxation in 
COVID-19 restrictions and a significant increase in hydrocarbon prices, in part driven by the Russian invasion 
of Ukraine.
To contain the impact of the pandemic and protect the stability of country’s economy, the CBO instituted a 
range of measures such as the deferral of loan instalments for affected borrowers, deferment and waiver of 
interest/profit for affected Omani nationals employed in the private sector, waiver of point of sale (POS) 
charges, lowering of regulatory capital ratios, increasing the lending ratio and restructuring of credit facilities 
for affected borrowers.
With effect from 1 January 2022, the loan deferral programme announced by the CBO ceased for all customers, 
excluding laid-off Omani citizens. The CBO instructed banks to complete the restructuring of credit facilities 
for affected borrowers by 31 October 2022 and mandated banks to hold a minimum expected credit loss 
(“ECL”) cover ranging between 1 per cent. and 6.5 per cent. for corporate borrowers and 0.5 per cent. and 5.5 
per cent. for SME and retail borrowers availing restructuring. These requirements have been duly considered 
in the Group’s ECL calculations. The deferment scheme for the laid off Omani citizens has been extended until 
31 December 2023.
The Bank has applied the latest customer ratings, probability of default (“PD”) term structures and forward 
looking macro-economic variables as applicable as at 31 December 2022 in the Group’s ECL computation for 
2022. The Bank does not hold any post model adjustments or overlays in this regard. The Bank also holds 
collective ECL provisions on a conservative basis to mitigate any unforeseen impacts in the overall portfolio 
and it continues to reassess and appropriately adjust these collective provisions on a regular basis. Further, the 
Bank has determined that the impact of day one modification loss was not material.
Significant Accounting Policies
For a discussion of the significant accounting policies applied by the Group generally, see note 3 to the 2022 
Financial Statements.
Significant Accounting Judgments and Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty
In preparing the Group’s financial statements, management is required to make certain estimates, judgments 
and assumptions. These affect the reported amounts of the Group’s assets and liabilities, including disclosure 
of contingent assets and liabilities, as at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of 
its revenues and expenses during the years presented. Management bases its estimates and assumptions on

--- Page 148 ---
131
historical experience and other factors that it believes to be reasonable at the time the estimates and assumptions 
are made and evaluates the estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. However, future events and their 
effects cannot be predicted with certainty and the determination of appropriate estimates and assumptions 
requires the use of judgment. Actual outcomes may differ from any estimates or assumptions made and such 
differences may be material to the financial statements. For a discussion of the most significant accounting 
estimates, judgments and assumptions made in the preparation of the Group’s financial statements, see note 4 
to the 2022 Financial Statements. These include:

the measurement of the Group’s expected credit loss allowances for financial assets measured at 
amortised cost and a fair value through other comprehensive income, and a sensitivity analysis is 
included in note 4(a) to the 2022 Financial Statements;

the determination of the fair value of derivatives and other financial instruments that are not traded in an 
active market, and a sensitivity analysis is included in note 42 to the 2022 Financial Statements;

the estimation of the amounts and timing of future taxable income, and a sensitivity analysis is included 
in note 4(c) to the 2022 Financial Statements; and

the assessment of the significant influence that the Group has on SICO BSC (c), which is discussed in 
note 10 to the 2022 Financial Statements.
Results of operations
Net financing income
The Group’s net interest income amounted to RO 306 million in 2022, RO 302 million in 2021 and RO 294 
million in 2020, an increase of RO 4 million, or 1.3 per cent., in 2022 compared to 2021 and an increase of RO 
8 million, or 2.7 per cent., in 2021 compared to 2020.
The Group’s net income from Islamic financing amounted to RO 39 million in 2022, RO 34 million in 2021 
and RO 28 million in 2020, an increase of RO 5 million, or 14.7 per cent. in 2022 compared to 2021 and an 
increase of RO 6 million, or 21.4 per cent., in 2021 compared to 2020.
The Group’s net interest income and income from Islamic financing together amounted to RO 345 million in 
2022, RO 336 million in 2021 and RO 322 million in 2020, an increase of RO 9 million, or 2.7 per cent. in 2022 
compared to 2021 and RO 14 million, or 4.3 per cent., in 2021 compared to 2020. The Group’s net financing 
income reflects the changes in its interest income and Islamic financing income and its interest expense and 
Islamic financing cost described below.
Interest income and Islamic financing / investments income
The table below shows a breakdown of the Group’s interest income and Islamic financing / investments income 
in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020.
2022
2021
2020
(RO 
million)
(% of total)
(RO 
million)
(% of total)
(RO 
million)
(% of total)
Interest income conventional 
banking
Loans and advances...............................
389
70.2
381
73.0
382
75.5
Due from banks .....................................
17
3.1
8
1.5
11
2.2
Investments............................................
62
11.2
56
10.7
45
8.9
468
84.5
445
85.2
438
86.6
Financing income Islamic banking
Islamic financing receivables ................
77
13.9
69
13.2
62
12.3

--- Page 149 ---
132
2022
2021
2020
(RO 
million)
(% of total)
(RO 
million)
(% of total)
(RO 
million)
(% of total)
Islamic due from banks..........................
0
0.0
0
0.0
1
0.2
Islamic investments ...............................
9
1.6
8
1.5
6
1.2
86
15.5
77
14.8
68
13.4
Total interest and Islamic
financing income..................................
554
100.0
522
100.0
506
100.0
The Group’s total interest income from conventional banking for 2022 amounted to RO 468 million compared 
to RO 445 million for 2021 and RO 438 million for 2020. 
The increase of RO 23 million, or 5.2 per cent., in 2022 compared to 2021 principally reflected (i) an RO 9 
million, or 112.5 per cent., increase in interest income on due from banks, which principally reflected an 
increase in the effective annual interest rate on due from banks; (ii) an RO 8 million, or 2.1 per cent., increase 
in interest income on loans and advances to customers, which principally reflected an increase in the effective 
annual interest rate on loans and advances and an increase in net conventional loans and advances by RO 137 
million, or 1.7 per cent., and; (iii) an RO 6 million, or 10.7 per cent., increase in interest income on investments, 
which principally reflected an increase in the effective annual interest rate on the investments portfolio.
The effective annual interest rates on the Group’s interest-earning financial assets were higher in 2022 than in 
2021, by 0.25 per cent. in the case of customer loans and advances (including Islamic financing receivables), 
by 1.19 per cent. in the case of due from banks, and by 0.34 per cent. in the case of investments (including 
Islamic investments). The increase in annual interest rates on interest-earning assets primarily reflected an 
increase in benchmark U.S. dollar rates in 2022.
The increase of RO 7 million, or 1.6 per cent., in 2021 compared to 2020 principally reflected an RO 11 million, 
or 24.4 per cent., increase in interest income on investments which principally reflected an increase in the 
effective annual interest rate on investments. This increase was offset by (i) a decrease in interest income on 
due from banks of RO 3 million, or 27.3 per cent., which primarily reflected a decrease in the effective annual 
interest rate on due from banks in 2021 and (ii) a decrease in interest income on loans and advances to customers 
of RO 1 million, or 0.3 per cent., which primarily reflected a decrease in the effective annual interest rate on 
loans and advances in 2021.
The effective annual interest rates on the Group’s interest-earning financial assets were generally lower in 2021 
than in 2020, by 0.06 per cent. in the case of customer loans and advances (including Islamic financing 
receivables) and by 0.58 per cent. in the case of due from banks, although in the case of investments (including 
Islamic investments) they were higher by 0.59 per cent.
The Group’s Islamic financing income for 2022 amounted to RO 86 million compared to RO 77 million for 
2021, an increase of RO 9 million, or 11.7 per cent. This increase principally reflected an increase in income 
on Islamic financing receivables by RO 8 million, or 11.6 per cent., principally due to an increase in the net 
Islamic financing receivables portfolio of RO 88 million, or 6.5 per cent., in 2022.
The Group’s Islamic financing income for 2021 amounted to RO 77 million compared to RO 68 million for 
2020. The increase of RO 9 million, or 13.2 per cent., principally reflected an increase in income on Islamic 
financing receivables of RO 7 million, or 11.3 per cent., principally due to an increase in the net Islamic 
financing receivables portfolio of RO 110 million, or 8.8 per cent., in 2021.

--- Page 150 ---
133
Interest expense and distribution to depositors
The table below shows a breakdown of the Group’s interest expense and distribution to depositors in each of 
2022, 2021 and 2020.
2022
2021
2020
(RO 
million)
(% of total)
(RO 
million)
(% of total)
(RO 
million)
(% of total)
Interest expense conventional 
banking
Customers’ deposits...............................
124
59.3
115
61.8
113
61.4
Subordinated liabilities..........................
—
—
0
0.0
1
0.5
Euro medium term notes........................
19
9.1
17
9.1
16
8.7
Bank borrowings....................................
20
9.6
11
5.9
14
7.6
163
78.0
143
76.9
144
78.3
Distribution to depositors
Islamic customers’ deposits...................
35
16.7
33
17.7
31
16.8
Sukuk.....................................................
3
1.4
5
2.7
5
2.7
Islamic bank borrowings .......................
8
3.8
5
2.7
4
2.2
46
22.0
43
23.1
40
21.7
Total interest
expense/distribution to depositors......
209
100.0
186
100.0
184
100.0
The Group’s total interest expense from conventional banking for 2022 amounted to RO 163 million compared 
to RO 143 million for 2021. The increase of RO 20 million, or 14.0 per cent., in 2022 compared to 2021 
principally reflected (i) an RO 9 million, or 7.8 per cent., increase in interest expense on customers’ deposits 
and (ii) an RO 9 million, or 81.8 per cent., increase in interest expense on bank borrowings. The increase in 
interest expense on customer deposits and bank borrowings principally reflected an increase in the effective 
annual interest rate on customer deposits of 0.15 per cent. and an increase in the effective annual interest rate 
on bank borrowings of 1.33 per cent. in 2022. The increase in annual interest rates on interest-bearing liabilities 
primarily reflected an increase in benchmark U.S. dollar rates in 2022.
The Group’s total interest expense for 2021 amounted to RO 143 million compared to RO 144 million for 2020. 
The decrease of RO 1 million, or 0.7 per cent., in 2021 principally reflected an RO 3 million, or 21.4 per cent., 
decrease in interest expense on deposits from banks which was offset by an RO 2 million, or 1.8 per cent., 
increase in interest expense on customers’ deposits. The decrease in interest expense on bank borrowings 
principally reflected a decrease in the effective annual interest rate on bank borrowings of 0.45 per cent. in 
2021. The increase in interest expense on customers’ deposits reflected an increase in conventional customer 
deposits portfolio by RO 175 million, or 2.4 per cent., in 2021.
The Group’s Islamic financing cost for 2022 amounted to RO 46 million compared to RO 43 million for 2021. 
The increase of RO 3 million, or 7.0 per cent., in 2022 reflected an increase of RO 3 million, or 60.0 per cent., 
in financing cost on Islamic bank borrowings which was principally due to an increase in the effective annual 
interest rate on Islamic due to banks.
The Group’s Islamic financing cost for 2021 amounted to RO 43 million compared to RO 40 million for 2020. 
The increase of RO 3 million, or 7.5 per cent., in 2021 compared to 2020 principally reflected an RO 2 million, 
or 6.5 per cent., increase in financing cost on Islamic customers’ deposits which was due to an increase in the 
Islamic customers’ deposits portfolio of RO 141 million, or 13.7 per cent., in 2021, and an increase of RO 1 
million, or 25.0 per cent., in financing cost of Islamic bank borrowings which was due to an increase in the 
effective annual interest rate on Islamic due to banks.

--- Page 151 ---
134
Net commission and fee income
The Group’s net commission and fee income for 2022 amounted to RO 110 million compared to RO 100 million 
for 2021 and RO 93 million for 2020. The increase of RO 10 million, or 10.0 per cent., in 2022 compared to 
2021 due to an increase in transactional income, trade income, and advisory, asset-management and private 
equity services related income, principally reflecting business growth during 2022. The increase of RO 7 
million, or 7.5 per cent., in 2021 compared to 2020 was due to an increase in transactional income and 
syndication and other loan related income, principally reflecting business growth during 2021.  
The net commission and fee income shown in the statement of comprehensive income is net of commission and 
fee paid of RO 1 million in 2022 and RO 2 million in each of 2021 and 2020.
Other operating income
The Group’s other operating income comprises foreign exchange gain or loss, dividend income, the net gain 
realised on the sale of investments at fair value, the changes in fair value of financial assets and other 
miscellaneous income.
The Group’s other operating income amounted to RO 48 million for 2022 compared to RO 40 million for 2021 
and RO 42 million for 2020.
The increase of RO 8 million, or 20.0 per cent., in 2022 compared to 2021 principally reflected an increase of 
RO 8 million in net realised gain on sale of fair value investments, mainly due to profit on the sale of a 4.99 per 
cent. stake in Octal Holding SAOC which resulted in a capital gain of RO 7.9 million.
The decrease of RO 2 million, or 4.8 per cent., in 2021 compared to 2020 principally reflected RO 3 million 
decreases in each of dividend income and foreign exchange which were partly offset by increases in other items 
of other operating income. 
Other operating expenses and depreciation
The Group’s other operating expenses comprised staff costs, occupancy costs, other administrative expenses, 
finance charges on leases and directors’ remuneration.
The table below shows a breakdown of the Group’s other operating expenses and depreciation in each of 2022, 
2021 and 2020. 
2022
2021
2020
(RO 
million)
(% of total)
(RO 
million)
(% of total)
(RO 
million)
(% of total)
Staff expenses(1) .....................................
104
50.2
98
51.3
92
51.1
Administrative expenses........................
73
35.3
64
33.5
58
32.2
Occupancy costs ....................................
8
3.9
9
4.7
6
3.3
Finance charges on leases...................... 
3
1.5
3
1.6
3
1.7
Directors remuneration..........................
0
0.0
0
0.0
0
0.0
Other operating expenses....................
189
91.3
174
91.1
160
88.9
Depreciation...........................................
18
8.7
17
8.9
20
11.1
Total operating expenses.....................
207
100.0
191
100.0
180
100.0
Notes:
(1)
Staff expenses include employees' salaries, other staff costs, contribution to social insurance schemes and employees' 
end of service benefits.
The Group’s other operating expenses amounted to RO 189 million in 2022 compared to RO 174 million in 
2021 and RO 160 million in 2020.

--- Page 152 ---
135
The increase of RO 15 million, or 8.6 per cent., in 2022 compared to 2021 principally reflected an increase of 
RO 9 million, or 14.1 per cent., in administrative expenses (which was driven by business growth) and an 
increase of RO 6 million, or 6.1 per cent., in staff expenses (which was principally due to an increase in staff 
remuneration and an increase in the number of staff in 2022).
The increase of RO 14 million, or 8.8 per cent., in 2021 compared to 2020 principally reflected an increase of 
RO 6 million, or 6.5 per cent., in staff expenses (which was principally due to an increase in staff remuneration 
and an increase in the number of staff in 2021), an RO 6 million, or 10.3 per cent., increase in administrative 
expenses (which was driven by business growth and implementation of value added tax in Oman in 2021) and 
an increase of RO 3 million, or 50.0 per cent., in occupancy costs (which was mainly attributable to business 
growth). Further, in 2020, the Bank undertook certain cost management measures following the onset of 
COVID-19 and in light of continuing lower oil prices. 
The Group’s depreciation charge was RO 18 million in 2022 compared to RO 17 million in 2021 and RO 20 
million in 2020.
The Group’s cost to income ratio (calculated as total operating expenses divided by total operating income) was 
41.2 per cent. in 2022 compared to 40.2 per cent. in 2021 and 39.4 per cent. in 2020.
Net impairment losses on financial assets
The table below shows details of the Group’s provision charges and impairment losses in each of 2022, 2021 
and 2020.
2022
2021
2020
(RO million)
(Impairment)/reversal of impairment for credit losses
Due from banks .................................................................
1
(3)
(2)
Cash and central bank balances.........................................
0
(0)
—
Loans and advances to customers......................................
(110)
(121)
(106)
Financial guarantees..........................................................
6
17
(10)
Acceptances.......................................................................
(0)
(0)
(0)
Loan commitments/unutilised limits.................................
3
(0)
2
Investments........................................................................
1
(1)
(2)
(100)
(109)
(118)
Recoveries from impairment for credit losses...................
39
47
35
Recoveries from collateral pending sale............................
—
—
1
Recoveries from loans previously written off ...................
1
1
1
40
49
37
(60)
(60)
(81)
The Group’s net impairment losses on financial assets amounted to RO 60 million in each of 2022 and 2021 
and RO 81 million in 2020.
In 2022, the Bank’s impairment for credit losses before recoveries was RO 100 million compared to RO 109 
million in 2021, with the principal movements being a RO 11 million, or 9.1 per cent., lower charge for 
impairment losses on loans and advances to customers offset by an RO 11 million, or 64.7 per cent., lower 
reversal of impairment for financial guarantees, in each case in 2022 compared to 2021. The Group’s recoveries 
from impairment for credit losses and loans previously written off amounted to RO 40 million in 2022 compared

--- Page 153 ---
136
to RO 49 million in 2021, resulting in net impairment losses on financial assets of RO 60 million in each of 
2022 and 2021.
In 2021, the Bank’s impairment for credit losses before recoveries was RO 109 million compared to RO 118 
million in 2020, with the principal movements being an RO 15 million, or 14.2 per cent., higher charge for 
impairment losses on loans and advances to customers offset by an RO 27 million positive change in impairment 
for financial guarantees (from an impairment charge of RO 10 million in 2020 to an RO 17 million reversal in 
2021), in each case in 2021 compared to 2020. The Group’s recoveries from impairment for credit losses, 
collateral pending sale and loans previously written off amounted to RO 49 million in 2021 compared to RO 
37 million in 2020, resulting in net impairment losses on financial assets of RO 60 million in 2021 and RO 81 
million in 2020.
The table below shows the Group’s impaired loans and advances (including Islamic financing receivables) and 
its impaired loans and loan loss coverage ratios as at 31 December in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020.
As at 31 December
2022
2021
2020
(RO million)
Impaired loans and advances(1) ........................................
371
356
338
Impaired loans ratio(2).......................................................
3.72%
3.69%
3.60%
Loan loss coverage ratio(3)................................................
163.1%
147.5%
138.8%
Notes:
(1)
Impaired loans and advances refers to stage 3 loans and advances and Islamic financing receivables.
(2)
Impaired loans and advances and Islamic financing receivables as a percentage of total gross loans and advances 
and Islamic financing receivables.
(3)
Sum of impairment loss allowances on loans and advances, Islamic financing receivables, financial guarantee 
contracts, undrawn commitments and unutilised limits as a percentage of impaired loans and advances and Islamic 
financing receivables.
The Group’s impaired loans and advances (including Islamic financing receivables) increased by RO 15 
million, or 4.2 per cent., from RO 356 million as at 31 December 2021 to RO 371 million as at 31 December 
2022. Its impaired loans ratio increased by 0.03 per cent. and the loan loss coverage ratio increased by 15.6 per 
cent. during 2022 as the increase in impaired loans and advances at 4.2 per cent. was higher than the increase 
in gross loans and advances (including Islamic financing receivables) at 3.3 per cent.
Impaired loans increased by RO 18 million, or 5.3 per cent., from RO 338 million as at 31 December 2020 to 
RO 356 million as at 31 December 2021. The impaired loans ratio increased by 0.09 per cent. and the loan loss 
coverage ratio increased by 8.7 per cent. during 2021 as the increase in impaired loans and advances at 5.3 per 
cent. was higher than the increase in gross loans and advances (including Islamic financing receivables) at 3.0 
per cent.
Profit before taxation
Reflecting the above factors, the Group’s profit before taxation for 2022 was RO 237 million compared to RO 
224 million for 2021 and RO 196 million for 2020, an increase of RO 13 million, or 5.8 per cent., in 2022 
compared to 2021 and an increase of RO 28 million, or 14.3 per cent., in 2021 compared to 2020.
Taxation
The Group’s taxation charge comprises the tax paid by the Bank in Oman and by its overseas branches. 
Together, these amounted to RO 36 million in 2022, RO 34 million in 2021 and RO 32 million in 2020.
The tax rate applicable to the Bank in all three years was 15 per cent. For the purpose of determining the tax 
expense for the year, the accounting profit has been adjusted for tax purposes. Adjustments for tax purposes 
includes items relating to both income and expense. After giving effect to these adjustments, the average

--- Page 154 ---
137
effective tax rate was estimated to be 15.12 per cent. in 2022, 15.34 per cent. in 2021 and 16.50 per cent. in 
2020. The difference between the applicable tax rate and the effective tax rate arises due to the tax effect of 
income not considered to be taxable and expenses not considered to be deductible. The adjustments are based 
on the Bank’s current understanding of existing tax laws, regulations and practices. See note 19 to each of the 
Financial Statements.
Profit for the year
Reflecting the above factors, the Group’s profit for 2022 was RO 201 million compared to RO 190 million for 
2021 and RO 163 million for 2020, an increase of RO 11 million, or 5.8 per cent., in 2022 compared to 2021 
and an increase of RO 27 million, or 16.6 per cent., in 2021 compared to 2020.
Other comprehensive (expense)/income
In 2022, the Group’s other comprehensive expense was RO 5 million compared to other comprehensive income 
of RO 6 million in 2021 and other comprehensive expense of RO 7 million in 2020.  
The Group’s other comprehensive expense or income in the years under review principally comprised changes 
in fair value of debt and equity investments held at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) 
and translation of net investments in foreign operations.
The Group’s other comprehensive expense in 2022 principally reflected a negative RO 5 million change in the 
fair value of FVOCI debt investments and an RO 1 million expense from translation of net investments in 
foreign operations which were partially offset by a positive RO 1 million change in the fair value of FVOCI 
equity investments.
In 2021, the Group’s other comprehensive income was driven by a positive RO 9 million change in the fair 
value of FVOCI equity investments, which was partially offset by a negative RO 3 million change in the fair 
value of FVOCI debt investments.
In 2020, the Group’s other comprehensive expense was driven by a negative RO 8 million change in the fair 
value of FVOCI equity investments, which was partially offset by an RO 1 million gain on the translation of 
net investments in foreign operations.
Total comprehensive income for the year
Reflecting the above factors and the Group’s profit for the year, the Group’s total comprehensive income was 
RO 196 million in each of 2022 and 2021 and RO 156 million in 2020.
Segmental analysis
The tables below show certain income statement line items of each of the Group’s reporting segments for each 
of 2022, 2021 and 2020.
Corporate
banking
Personal
banking
Wholesale
banking
Internatio
nal
banking
Islamic
banking
Total
(RO million)
2022
Net interest income(1) .............................
105
151
46
4
39
345
Operating income ..................................
128
235
90
7
43
503
Profit for the year...................................
49
73
61
4
13
201
2021
Net interest income(1) .............................
111
143
44
4
34
336
Operating income ..................................
130
216
85
7
37
475
Profit/(loss) for the year.........................
61
65
56
(3)
12
190
2020

--- Page 155 ---
138
Corporate
banking
Personal
banking
Wholesale
banking
Internatio
nal
banking
Islamic
banking
Total
(RO million)
Net interest income(1) .............................
117
137
36
5
28
322
Operating income ..................................
137
200
76
11
31
457
Profit/(loss) for the year.........................
60
55
48
(9)
10
163
Note:
(1)
Net financing income in above table includes Net interest income and net income from Islamic financing.
Corporate
banking
Personal
banking
Wholesale
banking
Internatio
nal
banking
Islamic
banking
Total
(per cent.)
2022
Net interest income(1) .............................
30.4
43.8
13.3
1.2
11.3
100.0
Operating income ..................................
25.4
46.7
17.9
1.4
8.5
100.0
Profit/(loss) for the year.........................
24.4
36.3
30.3
2.0
6.5
100.0
2021
Net interest income(1) .............................
33.0
42.6
13.1
1.2
10.1
100.0
Operating income ..................................
27.4
45.5
17.9
1.5
7.8
100.0
Profit/(loss) for the year.........................
32.1
34.2
29.5
(1.6)
6.3
100.0
2020
Net interest income(1) .............................
36.3
42.5
11.2
1.6
8.7
100.0
Operating income ..................................
30.0
43.8
16.6
2.4
6.8
100.0
Profit/(loss) for the year.........................
36.8
33.7
29.4
(5.5)
6.1
100.0
Note:
(1)
Net financing income in above table includes Net interest income and net income from Islamic financing
Corporate banking
Corporate banking recorded operating income of RO 128 million in 2022 compared to RO 130 million in 2021 
and RO 137 million in 2020. The decrease of RO 2 million, or 1.5 per cent., in 2022 compared to 2021 
principally reflected an RO 6 million, or 5.4 per cent., decrease in net interest income resulting from a decrease 
in gross conventional corporate loans and advances in the first half of 2022 due to certain large repayments 
offset by an RO 4 million, or 21.1 per cent., increase in commissions, fees and other income (net) resulting 
from an increase in transactional, trade and syndication and other loan related income in 2022. 
The decrease of RO 7 million, or 5.1 per cent., in segment operating income in 2021 compared to 2020 
principally reflected a decrease of RO 6 million, or 5.1 per cent., in net interest income resulting from a decrease 
in total assets in the corporate segment of RO 101 million, or 2.3 per cent., mainly due to a decrease in gross 
conventional corporate loans and advances in 2021. 
Corporate banking’s segment profit was RO 49 million in 2022, RO 61 million in 2021 and RO 60 million in 
2020. The decrease of RO 12 million, or 19.7 per cent.in 2022, principally reflected RO 9 million, or 33.3 per 
cent., higher net impairment losses on financial assets in 2022 which was mainly due to a decrease in recoveries 
from impairment for credit losses in 2022.
Although the corporate banking segment’s profit was substantially flat in 2021 compared to 2020, this reflected 
the decrease of RO 7 million in segment operating income described above offset by an RO 9 million, or 11.5 
per cent., decrease in total segment operating expenses which was driven by RO 9 million, or 25.0 per cent., 
lower net impairment losses on financial assets which was mainly due to an increase in recoveries from 
impairment for credit losses in 2021.

--- Page 156 ---
139
Personal banking
Personal banking recorded operating income of RO 235 million in 2022 compared to RO 216 million in 2021 
and RO 200 million in 2020. The increase of RO 19 million, or 8.8 per cent., in 2022 compared to 2021 reflected 
an RO 11 million, or 15.1 per cent., increase in commission, fee and other income which resulted from an 
increase in transactional income due to business growth and an RO 8 million, or 5.6 per cent., increase in net 
interest income, which was principally due to an increase in gross conventional personal and housing loans of 
RO 95 million, or 2.7 per cent., in 2022. 
The increase of RO 16 million, or 8.0 per cent., in segment operating income in 2021 compared to 2020 reflected 
an RO 10 million, or 15.9 per cent., increase in commission, fee and other income which resulted from an 
increase in transactional income due to business growth and an RO 6 million, or 4.4 per cent., increase in net 
interest income, which was due to an increase in gross conventional personal and housing loans of RO 222 
million, or 6.8 per cent., in 2021. 
Personal banking’s segment profit was RO 73 million in 2022, RO 65 million in 2021 and RO 55 million in 
2020. The RO 8 million, or 12.3 per cent., increase in 2022 compared to 2021 principally reflected the RO 19 
million higher segment net operating income described above offset by an RO 9 million, or 5.9 per cent., 
increase in total segment expenses which was driven by RO 12 million, or 9.6 per cent., higher segment 
operating expenses including depreciation resulting from an increase in staff expenses and administrative 
expenses in 2022.
The RO 10 million, or 18.2 per cent., increase in segment profit in 2021 compared to 2020 principally reflected 
the RO 16 million higher segment operating income described above offset by RO 7 million higher total 
segment expenses which reflected RO 9 million, or 7.8 per cent., higher segment operating expenses including 
depreciation, which mainly resulted from higher staff expenses and administrative expenses offset by RO 4 
million, or 21.1 per cent., lower net impairment losses on financial assets for the segment. 
Wholesale Banking
Wholesale banking recorded operating income of RO 90 million in 2022, RO 85 million in 2021 and RO 76 
million in 2020. The increase of RO 5 million, or 5.9 per cent., in 2022 compared to 2021 reflected RO 2 
million, or 4.5 per cent., higher net interest income reflecting higher interest income on due from banks and RO 
2 million, or 4.9 per cent., higher commission, fee and other income which was mainly due to higher 
transactional income in 2022. 
The increase of RO 9 million, or 11.8 per cent., in segment operating income in 2021 compared to 2020 
principally reflected RO 8 million, or 22.2 per cent., higher net interest income which was due to a decrease in 
interest expense on bank borrowings in 2022. 
Wholesale Banking’s segment profit was RO 61 million in 2022, RO 56 million in 2021 and RO 48 million in 
2020. The RO 5 million, or 8.9 per cent. increase in 2022 compared to 2021 principally reflected the RO 5 
million higher segment operating income described above.
The RO 8 million, or 16.7 per cent. increase in segment profit in 2021 compared to 2020 principally reflected 
the RO 9 million higher segment operating income described above.
International banking
International banking recorded operating income of RO 7 million in each of 2022 and 2021 and RO 11 million 
in 2020. The decrease of RO 4 million, or 36.4 per cent., in 2021 compared to 2020 was principally due to RO 
3 million, or 50.0 per cent., lower commission, fee and other income in 2021 which was mainly due to lower 
advisory, asset management and private equity services related income in 2021 due to the sale of a majority

--- Page 157 ---
140
stake in a subsidiary in 2021 (resulting in that subsidiary ceasing to be fully consolidated) and lower trade 
income. 
The International banking segment recorded a profit of RO 4 million in 2022 and losses of RO 3 million in 
2021 and RO 9 million in 2020. The RO 7 million improvement in profitability in 2022 principally reflected 
RO 7 million, or 70.0 per cent., lower total segment expenses in 2021 which was driven by an RO 2 million 
reversal of net impairment losses on financial assets in 2022 compared to RO 4 million net impairment losses 
on financial assets in 2021. The RO 6 million, or 66.7 per cent., reduction in loss in 2021 compared to 2020 
was principally due to RO 9 million, or 69.2 per cent., lower net impairment losses on financial assets in 2021 
partially offset by the RO 4 million, or 36.4 per cent., lower segment operating income recorded in 2021.
Islamic banking
Islamic banking recorded operating income of RO 43 million in 2022, RO 37 million in 2021 and RO 31 million 
in 2020. The RO 6 million, or 16.2 per cent., increase in 2022 compared to 2021 principally reflected RO 5 
million, or 14.7 per cent., higher net income from Islamic financing mainly driven by growth in gross Islamic 
financing of RO 103 million, or 7.3 per cent., in 2022. 
The increase of RO 6 million, or 19.4 per cent., in operating income in 2021 compared to 2020 principally 
reflected RO 6 million, or 21.4 per cent., higher net income from Islamic financing which was mainly driven 
by growth in gross Islamic financing of RO 120 million, or 9.3 per cent., in 2021.
Islamic banking’s segment profit was RO 13 million in 2022, RO 12 million in 2021 and RO 10 million in 
2020. The increase of RO 1 million, or 8.3 per cent., in 2022 compared to 2021 principally reflected the RO 6 
million higher segment operating income described above offset by RO 5 million, or 20.0 per cent., higher total 
segment expenses driven by RO 4 million, or 40.0 per cent., higher net impairment losses on financial assets. 
The RO 2 million, or 20.0 per cent., increase in 2021 compared to 2020 principally reflected the RO 6 million 
higher segment operating income described above offset by RO 3 million, or 13.6 per cent., higher total segment 
expenses driven by RO 2 million, or 25.0 per cent., higher net impairment losses on financial assets.
Liquidity and Funding
Overview
The Group’s liquidity needs arise primarily from making loans, advances and Islamic finance available 
to customers, its investments in securities, the repayment of deposits, the payment of expenses (including its 
financing costs), the acquisition of property, plant and equipment and the payment of dividends. To date, the 
Group’s liquidity needs have been funded principally through the acceptance of deposits, proceeds from loans, 
advances and Islamic financing, redemption or sale proceeds from investments and operating cash flow, 
including interest and profit income received on its customer loan portfolio and interest, profit and dividend 
income received on its portfolio of investment securities. See “—Funding”.
Liquidity
The tables below show the Group’s cash flow from operating activities, investing activities and financing 
activities for each of 2022, 2021 and 2020.
2022
2021
2020
(RO million)
Net cash (used in)/from operating activities......................
(234)
352
542
Net cash used in investing activities..................................
(74)
(58)
(194)
Net cash used in financing activities .................................
(159)
(101)
(129)
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January.............................
1,395
1,203
983

--- Page 158 ---
141
2022
2021
2020
(RO million)
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December.......................
929
1,395
1,203
Operating activities
The Group’s net cash outflow from operating activities in 2022 was RO 234 million compared to a net cash 
inflow of RO 352 million in 2021 and a net cash inflow of RO 542 million in 2020. 
The Group’s net cash from operating activities before working capital changes amounted to RO 299 million in 
2022, RO 294 million in 2021 and RO 291 million in 2020. The Group’s net cash from operating activities 
before working capital changes in each year principally reflects its profit for the year before taxation and 
primarily adjusted to reflect its net impairment on financial assets, depreciation and dividend income.
The principal working capital changes in 2022 were net cash outflows of RO 194 million in customers’ deposits, 
RO 193 million in loans advances, RO 152 million in deposits from banks and RO 103 million in Islamic 
financing receivables which were partially offset by net cash inflows of RO 75 million in due from banks and 
RO 66 million in Islamic customers’ deposits.  
The principal working capital changes in 2021 were net cash inflows of RO 175 million in customers’ deposits, 
RO 147 million in other assets, RO 141 million in Islamic customers’ deposits and RO 83 million in deposits 
from banks which were partially offset by net cash outflows of RO 164 million in loans and advances, RO 119 
million in Islamic financing receivables, RO 114 million in due from banks and RO 62 million other liabilities. 
The principal working capital changes in 2020 were net cash inflows of RO 358 million in customers’ deposits 
and RO 247 million in deposits from banks which were partly offset by outflows of RO 116 million in other 
assets, RO 85 million in Islamic financing receivables, RO 68 million in loans and advances and RO 56 million 
in due from banks.
Investing activities
Net cash used in investing activities for 2022 was RO 74 million compared to RO 58 million in 2021 and RO 
194 million in 2020. In each year, the principal investment activity was the purchase and sale or redemption of 
investment securities. In each of 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Group invested net amounts of RO 71 million, RO 
46 million and RO 192 million, respectively, in investment securities. 
Financing activities
Net cash used in financing activities was RO 159 million in 2022 compared to RO 101 million in 2021 and RO 
129 million in 2020. 
In 2022, the Group paid dividends of RO 107 million, repaid sukuk amounts of RO 45 million and paid interest 
on perpetual tier 1 capital of RO 7 million. In 2021, the Group paid dividends of RO 81 million, repaid 
subordinated loan amounts of RO 13 million and paid interest on perpetual tier 1 capital of RO 7 million. In 
addition, in 2021, the Group also redeemed and issued euro medium term notes of RO 193 million. In 2020, 
the Group paid dividends of RO 108 million, repaid subordinated loan amounts of RO 13 million and paid 
interest on perpetual tier 1 capital of RO 7 million.  
Funding
Overview
The Group’s principal sources of funding are its customers’ deposits (including Islamic customers’ deposits), 
deposits from banks, euro medium term notes and sukuk. The Group also has access to a pool of unencumbered 
and liquid securities in the form of treasury bills and bonds as well as quoted securities that it can access to

--- Page 159 ---
142
meet liquidity needs, in addition to its cash balances and placements with central banks and other financial 
institutions. The Group also has equity capital, including perpetual tier 1 capital.
The table below shows the Group’s non-equity capital funding in the form of customers’ deposits, Islamic 
customers’ deposits, deposits from banks, euro medium term notes, sukuk and subordinated liabilities.
As at 31 December
2022
2021
2020
(RO 
million)
(% of total)
(RO 
million)
(% of total)
(RO 
million)
(% of total)
Customers’ deposits...............................
7,410
73.5
7,604
72.6
7,429
75.2
Islamic customers’ deposits...................
1,237
12.3
1,171
11.2
1,030
10.4
Deposits from banks ..............................
1,004
10.0
1,218
11.6
940
9.5
Euro medium term notes........................
390
3.9
390
3.7
391
4.0
Sukuk.....................................................
46
0.5
91
0.9
91
0.9
Subordinated liabilities..........................
-
-
-
-
13
0.1
Total ......................................................
10,087
100.0
10,474
100.0
9,892
100.0
Customers’ deposits and Islamic customers’ deposits
The Group’s customers’ deposits (including Islamic customers’ deposits) were RO 8,647 million, or 82.0 per 
cent. of its total liabilities, as at 31 December 2022, RO 8,775 million, or 80.3 per cent. of its total liabilities, as 
at 31 December 2021 and RO 8,459 million, or 81.3 per cent. of its total liabilities, as at 31 December 2020. 
Deposits from the Omani government and its related agencies have approximated 28 to 30 per cent. of the 
Group’s total customers’ deposits and Islamic customers’ deposits over the three years to 31 December 2022. 
See “Risk Factors—Risks relating to the Issuer—The Group’s customer loan portfolio, investment securities 
and deposit base are all concentrated in Oman”.
The Group’s conventional customer deposits comprise savings accounts, time deposits, current and call 
accounts and margin accounts. The current, call and margin accounts are mostly non-interest bearing and 
amounts may be withdrawn from these accounts at any time without notice. Until 2021, saving accounts from 
conventional operations were mostly non-interest bearing but eligible for prize draws. In line with CBO 
directives, the prize-linked saving deposit schemes for conventional banking have been withdrawn with effect 
from 1 January 2022. After the withdrawal, the Bank offered slab-rate based interest bearing savings products 
based on the monthly average savings account balance. Time deposits from conventional operations are interest 
bearing and have a fixed maturity date. 
The Group’s Islamic customer deposits comprise time deposits, savings accounts, current and call accounts and 
margin accounts. The Group’s Islamic current and call accounts are non-profit bearing and amounts may be 
withdrawn from these accounts at any time without notice. The Group’s Islamic savings and time deposit 
accounts are eligible for profit distribution. Amounts may be withdrawn from these accounts at any time without 
notice. Until 2021, some Islamic saving accounts were also eligible for a prize draw. In line with CBO 
directives, the prize-linked saving deposit schemes for Islamic banking have been withdrawn with effect from 
1 January 2022. Time deposits from Islamic operations are eligible for profit distribution and have a fixed 
maturity date.
The Group believes that its conventional and Islamic customers’ deposits are diversified and constitute a stable 
and secure source of low-cost funding. As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s conventional customer deposits 
accounted for 73.5 per cent. of its total funding. As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s Islamic customer deposits 
accounted for 12.3 per cent. of its total funding.
The Group accepts conventional and Islamic time deposits for a range of periods up to five years.

--- Page 160 ---
143
The table below shows a breakdown of the Group’s conventional and Islamic customers’ deposits by type as at 
31 December in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020.
As at 31 December
2022
2021
2020
(RO 
million)
(% of total)
(RO 
million)
(% of total)
(RO 
million)
(% of total)
Savings accounts....................................
3,268
37.8
3,316
37.8
3,280
38.8
Deposit accounts....................................
3,131
36.2
3,178
36.2
2,869
33.9
Current accounts....................................
1,791
20.7
1,793
20.4
1,882
22.2
Call and margin accounts ......................
457
5.3
487
5.5
427
5.0
Total ......................................................
8,647
100.0
8,775
100.0
8,459
100.0
As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s total customers’ deposits decreased by RO 128 million, or 1.5 per cent., 
as compared to 31 December 2021, reflecting decreases across all deposit categories.  
As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s total customers’ deposits increased by RO 316 million, or 3.7 per cent. 
as compared to 31 December 2020, principally reflecting an increase of RO 309 million, or 10.8 per cent., in 
deposit accounts.
Deposits from banks
The Group’s deposits from banks comprise inter-bank borrowings, vostro balances and other money market 
deposits. The Group’s deposits from banks are typically short-term in nature and volatile over time. The Group’s 
deposits from banks amounted to RO 1,004 million as at 31 December 2022, RO 1,218 million as at 31 
December 2021 and RO 940 million as at 31 December 2020.
The Group’s deposits from banks fell by RO 214 million, or 17.6 per cent., as at 31 December 2022 compared 
to 31 December 2021, principally reflecting falls of RO 118 million, or 17.5 per cent., in other money market 
deposits and RO 99 million, or 20.1 per cent., in inter-bank borrowings.  
The Group’s deposits from banks increased by RO 278 million, or 29.6 per cent., as at 31 December 2021 
compared to 31 December 2020, principally reflecting an increase of RO 142 million, or 40.5 per cent., in inter-
bank borrowings and an increase of RO 128 million, or 23.4 per cent., in other money market deposits.  
Other funding sources
The Group’s other funding sources comprise euro medium term notes, sukuk and, in 2020, subordinated 
liabilities.
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had RO 385 million in two series of notes issued under its euro medium 
term notes programme outstanding, comprising:

RO 193 million due 2023 issued in 2018 with an annual interest rate of 4.875 per cent.; and

RO 193 million due 2026 issued in 2021 with an annual interest rate of 4.750 per cent. 
In May 2021, the Group redeemed a series of RO 193 million notes that had been issued in May 2016. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had RO 46 million in a single series of sukuk issued under its sukuk 
programme outstanding, comprising:

RO 46 million sukuk due 2024 issued in 2019 with an expected annual profit rate of 5.5 per cent.
In June 2022, the Group redeemed a series of RO 45 million sukuk that had been issued in June 2017.

--- Page 161 ---
144
In 2021, the final instalment of the Group’s U.S. dollar denominated floating rate subordinated loans was repaid. 
The Group had no subordinated loans outstanding as at 31 December 2022 or 31 December 2021.
Maturity profile
The table below shows the maturity profile of the Group’s funding as at 31 December 2022. This analysis is 
based on contractual undiscounted cash flows and maturity dates.
On demand 
or up to 1 
month
2 to 3
months
4 to 12
months
1 to 5
years
Over 5 
years
Total
(RO million)
As at 31 December 2022
Deposits from banks................................................
319
204
41
440
—
1,004
Customer deposits(1)................................................
728
951
1,746
3,198
2,023
8,647
Euro medium term notes and sukuk........................
—
195
—
241
—
436
Total........................................................................
1,047
1,350
1,788
3,879
2,023
10,087
Note:
(1)
Including Islamic customers’ deposits.
A significant proportion of the Group’s funding disclosed in the table above as at 31 December 2022 is short-
term in nature, with 23.8 per cent. of such funding being repayable within three months and an additional 
17.7 per cent. being repayable within one year. See “Risk Factors—Risks relating to the Issuer—The Group is 
subject to the risk that liquidity may not always be readily available or may only be available at significant 
cost”.
Given the state-run and oil-driven nature of the domestic economy, the Group’s deposit base is, at least in the 
near future, expected to remain concentrated by depositor type, namely government and government-related 
entities. Significant time deposits from large customers are, with the customers’ agreement, divided into smaller 
deposits with varying maturities, thereby partly mitigating the risks associated with single party deposit 
concentration.
Equity funding
The Group’s equity funding portfolio comprises mainly ordinary share capital, share premium, retained 
earnings, legal, general and other reserves and perpetual tier I capital.
In 2022, the total equity of the Group increased from RO 2,151 million as at 31 December 2021 to RO 2,232 
million, an increase of 3.8 per cent. This principally reflected the Group’s total comprehensive income for the 
year of RO 196 million less dividends paid of RO 107 million for 2021 in 2022.
In 2021, the total equity of the Group increased from RO 2,044 million as at 31 December 2020 to RO 2,151 
million, an increase of 5.2 per cent. This principally reflected the Group’s total comprehensive income for the 
year of RO 196 million less dividends paid of RO 81 million for 2020 in 2021.
In November 2022, as part of a capital optimisation plan, the shareholders of the Bank approved a dividend to 
the existing shareholders in the form of (i) bonus shares of one ordinary share of RO 0.100 for each ordinary 
share held equivalent to RO 375 million and (ii) perpetual bonds of RO 1 each for every 10 shares held 
equivalent to RO 375 million. Accordingly, the Bank’s share capital doubled to RO 751 million as at 31 
December 2022 by transfer from share premium and its perpetual tier 1 capital increased from RO 130 million 
as at 31 December 2021 to RO 505 million as at 31 December 2022 by transfer from retained earnings.
The return on average shareholders’ equity of the Group (calculated as profit for the year divided by average 
shareholders’ equity for the year, with average shareholders’ equity calculated as the sum of total equity

--- Page 162 ---
145
attributable to equity holders at the start and end of each year divided by two) increased from 9.66 per cent. in 
2021 to 10.73 per cent. in 2022 primarily due to an increase in net profit of RO 11 million, or 5.8 per cent., and 
a decrease in equity attributable to equity holders of RO 294 million, or 14.5 per cent., under the capital 
optimisation plan described above.
The return on average shareholders’ equity of the Group increased from 8.61 per cent. in 2020 to 9.66 per cent. 
in 2021 due to an increase in net profit of RO 27 million, or 16.6 per cent., in 2021.
Lending
The Group’s total customer loan portfolio (which comprises its loans and advances and Islamic financing 
provided to customers (net of provisions)) was RO 9,417 million as at 31 December 2022.
The table below shows the Group’s customer loan portfolio, provisions and loan to deposit ratios as at 
31 December in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020.
As at 31 December
2022
2021
2020
(RO million)
Gross loans(1) ..............................................................
9,975
9,660
9,379
Less: Impairment loss allowance................................
(588)
(469)
(396)
Net loans(2)..................................................................
9,417
9,191
8,983
Net loans/customers’ deposits(3) .................................
108.9%
104.7%
106.3%
Net loans/total deposits(4)............................................
97.6%
92.0%
95.6%
Notes:
(1)
Gross loans comprises total loans, advances and Islamic financing provided to customers disregarding impairment.
(2)
Net loans comprise gross loans less Impairment loss allowance.
(3)
Customers’ deposits includes Islamic customers’ deposits.
(4)
Total deposits comprises customers’ deposits and deposits from banks.
The Group’s customer loan portfolio is principally denominated in rial, although loans are also made in U.S. 
dollars, Saudi riyals and Kuwaiti dinar, among other currencies. The Group believes that there is only limited 
structural cross-currency exposure as the majority of its assets and liabilities are match-funded in currency 
terms. In addition, the Group hedges a part of its currency exposure through the use of derivative contracts, 
such as forward foreign exchange contracts, cross currency swaps and currency options.
The Group may also, from time to time, enter into forward contracts and cross currency interest rate swaps to 
manage its interest rate exposure.
Distribution of customer loans by maturity
The table below shows the distribution of the Group’s customer loan portfolio by maturity (based on contractual 
undiscounted cash flows and maturity dates) as at 31 December in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020.
On demand 
or up to 1 
month
2 to 3
months
4 to 12
months
1 to 5
years
Over 5 
years
Total
(RO million)
As at 31 December 2022.......................................
1,122
672
889
1,973
4,761
9,417
As at 31 December 2021.........................................
1,147
697
696
2,249
4,401
9,191
As at 31 December 2020.........................................
1,361
563
677
2,362
4,019
8,983

--- Page 163 ---
146
The table below shows the distribution of the Group’s customer loan portfolio by geographic location of the 
customer as at 31 December in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020.
Oman
Other
GCC
Europe
Others
Total
(RO million)
31 December 2022......................................................
9,072
282
2
60
9,417
31 December 2021......................................................
8,961
169
0
60
9,191
31 December 2020......................................................
8,740
191
—
51
8,983
The table below shows the distribution of the Group’s gross customer loan portfolio by IFRS 9 stage as at 31 
December in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020.
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
(RO million)
As at 31 December 2022...........................................................
7,734
1,870
371
9,975
As at 31 December 2021...........................................................
7,355
1,949
356
9,660
As at 31 December 2020...........................................................
7,200
1,841
338
9,379
Note 7 to each of the Annual Financial Statements show the Group’s conventional loans and advances and 
Islamic financing receivables by type of advance.
Concentration of the Group’s gross loans and advances by sector
Concentrations of credit risk arise when a number of counterparties are engaged in similar business activities 
or activities in the same geographic region or have similar economic features that would cause their ability to 
meet contractual obligations to be affected similarly by changes in economic, political or other conditions. 
Concentrations of credit risk indicate the relative sensitivity of the Group’s performance to developments 
affecting a particular industry or geographic location.
The Group seeks to manage its credit risk exposure through diversification of lending activities to avoid undue 
concentrations of risks with individuals or groups of customers in specific locations or businesses. The Group 
also obtains appropriate security cover corresponding to its borrowers’ location for loans and advances. 
Concentration by location for investment securities is measured based on the location of the issuer of the 
security.
The table below shows the concentration of the Group’s gross loans and advances by type of borrower as at 31 
December in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020:
As at 31 December
2022
2021
2020
(RO million)
Corporate...........................................................................
5,334
4,971
4,908
Sovereign...........................................................................
46
147
116
Financial institutions .........................................................
415
484
530
Retail .................................................................................
4,179
4,058
3,825
Total..................................................................................
9,975
9,660
9,379

--- Page 164 ---
147
The table below shows the concentration of the Group’s gross loans and advances by industry sectors as at 31 
December in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020.
As at 31 December
2022
2021
2020
(RO million)
Corporate and other loans
Transport ...........................................................................
861
899
898
Manufacturing ...................................................................
818
996
1,002
Utilities ..............................................................................
786
771
794
Services .............................................................................
778
621
605
Import trade .......................................................................
477
351
328
Construction ......................................................................
477
416
416
Financial institutions .........................................................
415
484
530
Mining and quarrying........................................................
347
257
171
Real estate..........................................................................
286
265
287
Wholesale and retail trade .................................................
210
215
207
Agriculture and allied activities.........................................
174
103
87
Export trade .......................................................................
54
34
74
Government.......................................................................
46
147
116
Others ................................................................................
66
42
39
Total corporate and other loans.....................................
5,795
5,602
5,554
Personal and housing loans ...............................................
4,179
4,058
3,825
Total loans and advances................................................
9,975
9,660
9,379
As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s funded exposure to personal and housing loans accounted for 41.9 per 
cent. of its total exposure compared to 42.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 and 40.8 per cent. as at 31 
December 2020. These loans are all backed by salary assignments and/or collateral. In accordance with CBO 
regulations, conventional personal and housing loans are capped at 35 per cent. and 15 per cent., respectively, 
of total conventional banking loans. Islamic banks or windows are permitted a maximum housing finance 
exposure of 35 per cent. of total finance.
The Group’s four largest funded corporate sector exposures as at 31 December 2022 were to the transport sector 
(8.6 per cent. of total funded exposure), manufacturing (8.2 per cent.), utilities (7.9 per cent.) and services (7.8 
per cent.).
Investment securities portfolio
The Group’s investment securities portfolio comprises (i) a portfolio of FVOCI quoted and unquoted debt and 
equity securities, with the debt securities comprising foreign and local bonds; (ii) a portfolio of quoted and 
unquoted held at amortised cost debt securities, principally comprising quoted government bonds and unquoted 
treasury bills; and (iii) a portfolio of quoted and unquoted equity securities held at fair value through profit or 
loss (“FVTPL”). The Group invests in these securities both to generate returns and to provide an additional 
source of liquidity when needed.
The table below summarises the Group’s investment securities portfolio as at 31 December in each of 2022, 
2021 and 2020.

--- Page 165 ---
148
As at 31 December
2022
2021
2020
(RO million)
FVOCI
Quoted
Equity ................................................................................
117
83
77
Debt ...................................................................................
104
58
56
Unquoted
Equity ................................................................................
2
1
2
Debt ...................................................................................
—
4
6
Impairment loss allowance for debt securities ..................
(1)
(2)
(3)
FVOCI (net) .....................................................................
221
145
139
At amortised cost
Quoted
Debt ...................................................................................
1,059
1,058
1,000
Unquoted
Treasury bills.....................................................................
274
589
676
Bonds.................................................................................
5
5
13
Impairment loss allowance................................................
(2)
(3)
(1)
Total..................................................................................
1,335
1,649
1,688
FVTPL
Quoted
Equity ................................................................................
4
3
10
Unquoted
Equity ................................................................................
12
15
10
Total..................................................................................
16
18
21
Total investment securities .............................................
1,572
1,811
1,847
The Group’s investment policy requires all investments in debt securities to have an investment grade rating, 
except for sovereign securities denominated and funded in local currencies in countries where the Group has 
an operating presence.
For further information on the manner in which the fair value of these securities is determined, see note 42 to 
the 2022 Financial Statements.
Capital Adequacy
The Bank’s regulator, the CBO, sets and monitors capital requirements for the Bank, as parent company of the 
Group. In implementing Basel III’s capital requirement, the CBO requires the Bank to maintain a minimum 
ratio of 13.25 per cent. of total capital to total risk-weighted assets. In accordance with Basel III regulations, 
the Bank’s regulatory capital is grouped into Tier I and Tier II capital:

Tier I capital includes Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (CET1) which comprises ordinary share capital, 
share premium, distributable and non-distributable reserves and retained earnings (net of proposed 
dividend) after deducting carrying value of investment in associates, carrying value of strategic 
investments and other prudential valuation adjustments in line with Basel III guidelines. Further CET 1 
capital includes Additional Tier 1 Capital (AT1) in the form of Basel III compliant perpetual bonds.

--- Page 166 ---
149

Tier II capital includes qualifying subordinated liabilities, general loan loss impairment / ECL provision 
(Stage 1 and 2) and the element of the fair value reserve relating to unrealised gains on equity instruments 
classified as FVOCI.
Various limits are applied to elements of the capital base. The qualifying Tier II capital cannot exceed Tier I 
capital and the amount of collective impairment allowances that may be included as part of Tier II capital is 
limited to 1.25 per cent. of the total credit risk-weighted assets. Further incremental Stage 2 ECL as at 31 
December 2022 over Stage 2 ECL as at 31 December 2019, qualifies as Tier II capital with a gradual phase out 
until 2024.
Capital adequacy indicates the ability of the Group to meet any contingency without compromising the interest 
of the depositors and to provide credit across the business cycles. Sufficient capital in relation to the risk profile 
of the Group’s assets helps promote financial stability and the confidence of its stakeholders and creditors in 
the Group. The Group aims to maximise the shareholders’ value through an optimal capital structure that 
protects the stakeholders’ interests under the most extreme stress situations, provides sufficient room for growth 
while meeting the regulatory requirements and at the same time gives a reasonable return to the shareholders. 
The Group has a forward-looking capital policy which considers the current risk, planned growth and an 
assessment of the emerging risk for the forecasted period.
While risk coverage is the prime factor influencing capital retention, the Group is conscious of the fact that, as 
a business entity, its capital needs to be serviced and a comfortable rate of return needs to be provided to the 
shareholders. Excessive capital will dilute the return on capital and this in turn can exert pressure for 
profitability, propelling business asset growth resulting in the Group assuming higher levels of risk. Hence, 
with regards to the retention of capital, the Group’s policy is governed by the need for adequately providing for 
associated risks and the need for servicing the capital retained. During 2022, as part of a capital optimisation 
plan, the shareholders of the Bank approved a dividend in the form of bonus shares and perpetual bonds to the 
existing shareholders as discussed under “—Funding—Equity funding” above.
The Group utilises Additional Tier 1 capital and raises share capital as and when the need arises. The Group’s 
strong and diverse shareholder profile gives the Group the necessary confidence in its ability to raise capital 
when it is needed.
The Group desires to move to more advanced approaches for measuring credit risk, market risk and operational 
risk and has put in place a ‘building block’ approach. A road map has been laid down for each core area of risk, 
such as credit, market and operational risk. Progress has been made in line with the road map and is being 
monitored on a continuous basis and reported.
Basel III regulatory reporting
The CBO has issued final guidelines on the implementation of the new capital norms along with the phase-in 
arrangements and reporting norms. The Group remains strongly capitalised and is ahead of the transitional 
phase-in arrangements.
The minimum capital adequacy ratio requirement of the Bank is as below:
31 December
2022
Common Equity Capital Ratio ............................................................................................
7.000%
Capital Conservation Buffer................................................................................................
1.250%
D-SIB...................................................................................................................................
1.000%
Additional Tier I - Restricted to a maximum of..................................................................
2.000%
Tier 1 Capital Ratio...........................................................................................................
11.250%

--- Page 167 ---
150
31 December
2022
Tier 2 Capital Ratio - Restricted to a maximum of........................................................
2.000%
Total Capital Ratio............................................................................................................
13.250%
The Bank has adopted the standardised approach for credit and market risk and the basic indicator approach for 
operational risk, although it aims to move to more advanced approaches for measuring credit risk, market risk 
and operational risk over time. The Bank has in place an internal capital adequacy assessment process 
(“ICAAP”) which provides an assessment of the Bank’s actual capital adequacy based on an advanced 
economic capital measure. The Bank’s ICAAP incorporates the impact of residual risk including business risk, 
concentration risk, correlation risk and interest rate risk on the banking book along with the core risks. The 
purpose of the Bank’s ICAAP is not only to provide a detailed assessment of its current capital adequacy, but 
also to estimate future capital adequacy ratios in line with approved business plans in order to evaluate their 
validity from a risk perspective.
The table below shows the Group’s Basel III liquidity coverage ratio (the “LCR”) and net stable funding ratio 
(“NSFR”) as at 31 December in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020. The LCR and NSFR requirements were 100 per 
cent. in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020.
As at 31 December
2022
2021
2020
LCR ...................................................................................
219%
268%
228%
NSFR.................................................................................
118%
122%
118%
The table below shows the Bank’s Basel III capital calculations as at 31 December in each of 2022, 2021 and 
2020.
As at 31 December
2022
2021
2020
(RO million)
CET1 capital ..........................................................................
1,534
1,837
1,779
Total Additional Tier 1 capital...............................................
505
130
130
Tier 2 capital ..........................................................................
116
122
100
Total regulatory capital..........................................................
2,155
2,090
2,009
Risk weighted assets ..............................................................
10,139
9,809
9,670
of which:
Credit risk weighted assets ....................................................
9,122
8,750
8,630
Market risk weighted assets...................................................
122
184
181
Operational risk weighted assets...........................................
896
875
859
Capital ratios
(per cent.)
Common equity tier 1 capital ratio ........................................
15.13
18.73
18.39
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio..................................................
20.11
20.06
19.74
Total capital adequacy ratio...................................................
21.25
21.30
20.77
The Bank has applied in its capital adequacy calculations the “Prudential filter” under the interim adjustment 
arrangement for Stage-1 and Stage-2 ECL. The impact of this filter on the Bank's regulatory capital was 86 
basis points as at 31 December 2022 compared to 45 basis points as at 31 December 2021.

--- Page 168 ---
151
The Bank’s Basel III leverage ratio, which is calculated by dividing the Bank’s tier 1 capital by its total assets 
(including off-balance sheet assets) was 14.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2022, 13.9 per cent. as at 31 December 
2021 and 13.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2020. The required leverage ratio for the Bank is 5 per cent.
Contingent Liabilities and Commitments
The Group has contingent liabilities in respect of funding commitments it has made as well as in relation to 
letters of credit and guarantees issued by it. It also has commitments in respect of the purchase of property and 
equipment and partly paid investments. The table below shows these contingent liabilities and commitments as 
at 31 December in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020.
As at 31 December
2022
2021
2020
(RO million)
Irrevocable commitments to extend credit ........................
408
222
395
Letters of credit..................................................................
345
476
307
Guarantees .........................................................................
1,285
1,357
1,559
Acceptances.......................................................................
109
112
144
Purchase of property and equipment .................................
2
1
1
Partly paid investments......................................................
8
6
4
Total..................................................................................
2,158
2,174
2,409
Related Party Transactions
In the ordinary course of business, the Group conducts transactions with certain of its directors, shareholders, 
senior management and companies in which they have a significant interest. The terms of these transactions are 
approved by the Board of Directors (the “Board”) and by management. See note 35 to each of the Financial 
Statements for further information.

--- Page 169 ---
152
DESCRIPTION OF BANK MUSCAT (SAOG)
Introduction
The Bank is the largest bank in Oman, with an approximately 32.8 per cent. market share by customers' deposits 
and Islamic customers' deposits and an approximately 34.1 per cent. market share by total assets as at 31 
December 2022, based on CBO data for the total bank market in Oman. The Bank has a customer base of 
approximately 2.4 million retail customers and approximately 7,200 corporate customers, has issued 
approximately 2.4 million debit cards and over 95,000 credit cards and employs over 3,950 people. The Bank 
offers a wide range of both conventional and, through its Islamic banking window Meethaq, Shari’a-compliant 
commercial, retail and investment banking products and services. Meethaq’s Shari’a Supervisory Board ensures 
Meethaq’s adherence to Shari’a rules and principles.
The Bank engages in banking activities through a network of 173 branches (including 24 Meethaq branches) 
within Oman and one branch each in Saudi Arabia (Riyadh) and Kuwait. The Bank has representative offices 
in Dubai, Singapore and Iran. 
The Bank’s key shareholders include Royal Court Affairs, the investment arm of the Omani government, Dubai 
Financial Group and major pension funds in Oman.
The Bank has credit ratings from three international rating agencies, with long-term foreign currency ratings 
of:

Ba3 with positive outlook from Moody’s;

BB with positive outlook from Standard & Poor’s; and

BB with stable outlook from Fitch.
In 2022, the Group generated a net profit of RO 201 million and, as at 31 December 2022, the Group had total 
assets of RO 12.8 billion and total equity of RO 2.2 billion.
History
The Bank is a public joint stock company incorporated in Oman under the Commercial Companies Law with 
commercial registration number 1/14573/8. The Bank’s registered office is at P.O. Box 134, Ruwi, Postal Code 
112, Sultanate of Oman and its general telephone number is +968 24768888.
The Bank was established on 30 April 1982 following the voluntary merger of two banks: Bank of Muscat and 
Bank Al Ahli Al Omani, which had been operating in Oman since 1982 and 1976, respectively. In 2000, the 
merged operation merged with Commercial Bank of Oman, an indirect successor of ANZ Grindlays Bank’s 
Omani subsidiary, which began operating in Oman in 1969. In 2001, the Bank merged with the Industrial Bank 
of Oman. This merger facilitated the rapid expansion of its industrial and project finance business.
The Bank has had its primary listing on the MSX since January 1993 following the merger between Bank of 
Muscat and Bank Al Ahli Al Omani, which had been listed on the MSX since November 1976.
The Bank opened its first overseas branch in Saudi Arabia in 2007. In 2010, the Bank opened its branch in 
Kuwait, in 2012 and 2016 it opened representative offices in Singapore and Iran, respectively. In accordance 
with the Bank’s strategic objectives of achieving long term sustainable value, operational efficiency and 
business growth, both local and international, the Bank intends to gradually reduce the operations of its branch 
presence in Kuwait with the aim of complete closure in Kuwait by 2025. The Kuwait branch constitute about 
0.6 per cent. of the Bank’s total assets.

--- Page 170 ---
153
The Bank has had a representative office in Dubai since 1996. The Group has undertaken a number of significant 
acquisitions and disposals since 2000. In 2002, the Bank acquired the Bahrain operations of ABN AMRO Bank 
N.V., comprising a full commercial branch and an offshore banking unit, and the operations of Al Ahlia 
Securities Co., a leading securities and brokerage firm in Oman which accounted for over 15 per cent. of the 
turnover on the MSX when acquired.
In 2005, the Bank co-founded BMI Bank, Bahrain with a 49.0 per cent. shareholding. Following the acquisition 
of BMI Bank by Al Salam Bank (a Bahrain based Islamic Bank) through a share-swap in March 2014, the Bank 
is now a 14.7 per cent. shareholder in Al Salam Bank, which was accounted for as an associate until the end of 
2017, reflecting the significant influence the Bank had retained through its shareholding and representation on 
the board of directors of Al Salam Bank. In December 2017, and following a change in the Bank’s influence 
over Al Salam Bank, its investment in the bank was reclassified from an associate and Al Salam Bank is now 
an FVOCI equity investment.
In April 2007, the Bank acquired a strategic stake in MKH, one of the top 20 security houses in India in terms 
of market share. In 2015, the Bank completed the full exit of its investment in MKH through a share buyback 
programme initiated by MKH.
During 2009, the Bank incorporated a new company Muscat Securities House LLC (later renamed to Muscat 
Capital LLC and SICO Capital) based in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia as its subsidiary for providing investment 
banking services in Saudi Arabia. On 15 March 2021, the Bank sold 72.71 per cent. stake in Muscat Capital to 
SICO BSC (c) (“SICO”), a leading regional asset manager, broker, market maker and investment bank (licensed 
as a wholesale bank by the Central Bank of Bahrain). The acquisition took place by share swap and as a result 
of the said transaction, SICO owns 72.71 per cent. of Muscat Capital while Bank Muscat owns a 10.38 per cent. 
stake in SICO, 9 per cent. on account of share swap transaction and additional 1.38 per cent. due to further 
investments through secondary market purchase. Subsequent to the disposal of the subsidiary, Muscat Capital 
LLC has been renamed as SICO Capital. On 23 October 2022, the Bank sold its remaining 27.29 per cent. stake 
in SICO Capital to SICO. The Bank received RO 1.95 million as sale consideration. Subsequent to this 
transaction, the Bank has now fully exited the shareholding interest in SICO Capital. In 2022, the Bank acquired 
a further 2.76 per cent. shareholding in SICO for RO 1.957 million. Subsequent to this transaction, the Bank 
has increased its stake to 13.14 per cent. in SICO and continues to be designated as an associate.
The Bank’s achievements continue to be recognised internationally and locally, with the Bank winning 
numerous global, regional and local awards. In 2020 to 2022, these have included:

Best Bank in Oman or equivalent awards from Asiamoney (2021), The Banker (2021), EMEA Finance 
(2020, 2021 and 2022), Euromoney (2020, 2021 and 2022) and Global Finance (2020 and 2021);

Best Private Bank in Oman awards from EMEA Finance, Global Finance and The Banker/PWM (in all 
three cases in each of 2020, 2021 and 2022);

Best Investment Bank in Oman awards from EMEA Finance (in 2020, 2021 and 2022) and Global 
Finance (in 2020 and 2021);

Best Asset Manager in Oman award from EMEA Finance (in 2020, 2021 and 2022) and Global Investor 
Group (in 2021);

Best Consumer Digital Bank in Oman award from Global Finance (in 2020, 2021 and 2022), Best 
Corporate/Institutional Digital Bank in Oman awards from Global Finance (in 2021 and 2022) and Best 
Islamic Digital Bank in Oman awards from Global Finance (in 2022);

Best Foreign Exchange Provider in Oman award from Global Finance (in 2021 and 2022);

--- Page 171 ---
154

Listed in Forbes Middle East listing of “Top 100 Companies in the Middle East” (in 2020, 2021 and 
2022) as well as “Top 50 Banks in the Middle East” (in 2021 and 2022); and

Best Bank (Large) award from Oman Economic Review (in 2020, 2021 and 2022).
International banking segment
The Bank has international branches located in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia and Kuwait. It has representative offices 
in United Arab Emirates, Singapore and Iran. It has investment in an associate, SICO BSC (c) in Bahrain.
Strategy
The Group’s vision “To Serve you Better, Everyday” reiterates its commitment towards continuous 
improvement in customer experience and satisfaction with the services and products the Group offers. The 
Group’s medium-term strategic plan for the three-year period of 2022-2024 focuses on customer-centricity, 
efficiency, innovation, agility and maintaining its leadership position in the market.
The strategic plan is based on the following core principles:
Consolidate the Group’s leading position in Oman
The Group’s strategy for consolidating its leading position in Oman has three principal aspects:

Capitalise on growth opportunities in Oman: The Group believes that it is well positioned to capitalise 
on infrastructure and industrial development projects and on the Omani government’s focus on economic 
diversification and developing tourism in Oman, which are expected to support wholesale banking 
business growth in Oman. In addition, the Group believes that there are significant opportunities to grow 
its consumer banking business by attracting young Omanis entering the workforce, given that 
approximately 35 per cent. of the Omani national population in Oman is under 19 years of age.

Leverage the Group’s large network of branches and delivery channels: The Group’s customer-centric 
approach to doing business and its vision of “To Serve you Better, Everyday” by leveraging its large 
network of branches, other delivery channels and experienced employees is an important element of the 
Group’s strategy. The Group continues to increase its branch network and focus on improved electronic 
delivery channels to deliver increased customer convenience and service quality, with a view to growing 
its customer base and increasing its cross selling opportunities.

Focus on fee based income: The Group aims to continue to increase the contribution from non-interest 
income by expanding its fee-based activities in all business areas. There are number of strategic 
initiatives to grow the Group’s non-interest income in areas such as bancassurance, credit cards, treasury, 
investment banking and transaction banking.
Enhance financial strength
The Group continues to focus on enhancing its financial strength in terms of strong capitalisation and stable 
returns. In addition, the Group aims to further enhance its diversified funding mix and its large customer and 
savings account deposit base, in addition to continuing to manage efficiently its operating costs.
Leverage technology and infrastructure improvements
The Group continues to focus on pioneering investments in technology that support its growth plans, including 
its multiple digital banking channels for sales and services and using technology to enhance the customer 
experience and improve internal efficiency. For example, the Group recently launched digital onboarding of 
new to bank customers through its mobile banking application, Trade Portal, for corporate customers and 
enabled e-applications for loan products for retail customers. The Group continues to make significant

--- Page 172 ---
155
investments in technology and other infrastructure to provide best in class customer convenience and service 
quality through improving processes and implementing new technologies.
Regional expansion
The Group aims to strengthen its regional presence through focused and controlled expansion in the GCC on 
an opportunistic acquisition basis and organically through leveraging its existing regional presence to scale up 
business growth.
Focus on the Group’s Islamic banking platform
The Group’s strategy for Meethaq is to be the market leader in Islamic banking in Oman through a full product 
and service offering with a branch and electronic channel network. It currently has the largest Islamic banking 
network in Oman with 24 branches as at 31 December 2022.
Strengths
The Group believes that its key strengths are:
Leading market position
The Bank is the largest bank in Oman with an approximately 33.6 per cent. market share by total loans and 
approximately 34.1 per cent. market share by total assets as at 31 December 2022 based on CBO data for the 
consolidated banking sector in Oman. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s gross loans and advances including Islamic financing receivables were 
RO 10.0 billion and its total assets were RO 12.8 billion. Based on these measures, it has been the leading 
Omani bank for at least the last fifteen years and is currently around the size of the next three Omani banks 
combined. 
The Bank has the largest branch network in Oman and is the only bank in Oman to be designated a D-SIB. As 
at 31 December 2022, the Bank’s market capitalisation was U.S.$5.36 billion.
It also has an established and well-recognised brand in Oman. For example, the Bank won the Oman’s Most 
Trusted Brand award in the banking category from Apex Media for five years in the period between 2016-2022. 
Positioned to benefit from growth in Oman
As the Omani government focuses on diversifying the economy away from being an oil and gas-reliant 
economy, the Group expects significant infrastructure development as well as investment in tourism and 
privatisation activity in the medium term, all of which are expected to contribute to growth in the Omani banking 
sector. In addition, approximately 35 per cent. of the Omani population are younger than 19 years old and there 
appears to be a trend in Omani society away from extended families towards more nuclear families. These 
factors are expected to increase the demand for home financing and other consumer loans and the Group expects 
significant growth in the retail banking market. In addition, the Group expects that the move towards greater 
economic integration with other GCC countries will promote alignment of regulations. The Group believes that 
the wide scope of its product and service offering and the convenience and efficiency of banking with a single 
provider presents it with significant cross-selling opportunities across both its corporate and retail bases and 
positions it well to benefit from the anticipated growth in the Omani banking market. In addition, 
notwithstanding continued volatility in international oil prices and the effect it is likely to have on the 
government’s fiscal position, the Group expects that over the medium to long-term economic diversification 
and privatisation will lead to continued investments in infrastructure, industrial and tourism projects.
Robust financial performance
The Group’s return on average equity was 10.73 per cent. in 2022 The Group has a strong financial track record 
of both operating income and net profit growth, with compound annual growth rates of 2.9 per cent. and 2.6 per

--- Page 173 ---
156
cent. over the five-year period to 31 December 2022. As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s total capital 
adequacy ratio was at 21.25 per cent. and its liquid asset ratio was 19.1 per cent. 
Strong shareholder support
The Bank is one of only two Omani banks to have Royal Court Affairs as a shareholder and has the highest 
government ownership among Omani banks. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Royal Court Affairs 
has a 23.63 per cent. shareholding in the Bank and the government has significant indirect ownership through 
various other entities. The other significant shareholder in the Bank is Dubai Financial Group (which has been 
a shareholder since 2007 and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, has an 11.77 per cent. shareholding).
Stable and experienced management team
Most members of the Bank’s senior management have been in place for more than a decade and its senior 
management has a proven track record of successfully integrating acquired businesses and driving organic 
growth. The Group believes that the experience and depth of its management team has been a key factor in 
obtaining and maintaining its leadership position in the Omani banking market. The Group has also focused on 
developing the management potential of its Omani national employees, with consistent additions of Omani 
nationals to the management team.
Shareholders
The table below shows the Bank’s shareholding structure as at 31 December 2022. 
Major Shareholders
Percentage 
owned
Royal Court Affairs....................................................................................................................
23.63
Dubai Financial Group LLC ......................................................................................................
11.77
Jabreen International Development Company SAOC / Ubhar Capital SAOC..........................
9.42
Civil Service Employees Pension Fund.....................................................................................
7.87
Ministry of Defence Pension Fund ............................................................................................
6.49
Public Authority for Social Insurance........................................................................................
6.05
Muscat Overseas Group.............................................................................................................
4.04
Oman Holdings International Co. SAOC ..................................................................................
3.80
Royal Oman Policy Pensions Trust LLC...................................................................................
1.94
Diwan of Royal Court Pension Fund.........................................................................................
1.34
Others.........................................................................................................................................
23.65
Total ..........................................................................................................................................
100.0
There are no arrangements known to the Bank, the operation of which may, at a subsequent date, result in a 
change of control of the Bank. The major shareholders nominate some of their employees or office holders for 
election as directors at the Bank’s annual general meeting. If they are elected they serve on the Board. If there 
are any items for discussion in which a major shareholder with Board representation has an interest, the interest 
is declared and the representative may not vote on the matter concerned. Except for the general restrictive 
provisions in the Bank’s Articles of Association, the provisions of the Commercial Companies Law and relevant 
regulations there are no specific measures in place to ensure that control of the Bank by its shareholders is not 
abused.

--- Page 174 ---
157
Business
Overview
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group operates through five reporting segments:

Corporate banking, which comprises all activities undertaken with the Group’s corporate customer base 
including project finance, SME, large corporate and transaction banking customers;

Personal banking, which comprises premier banking, retail enterprises, mass retail banking, the cards 
business and delivery channels;

Wholesale banking, which comprises investment banking, treasury and global markets, Global 
Financial Institution group and asset management;

International banking, which comprises the activities of the Group’s international branches in Saudi 
Arabia and Kuwait and representative offices in Singapore, the United Arab Emirates and Iran; and

Islamic banking, which comprises the activities of Meethaq.
Operationally, the Group’s principal businesses are backed by key support functions, including credit and risk 
management, legal, audit, compliance, IT, human resources, finance and strategy and operations.
The table below shows the operating income and segment profit / loss from each segment in 2022 and 2021, as 
well as the segment total assets as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.
Corporate
Banking
Personal
Banking
Wholesale
Banking
Internation
al Banking
Islamic
Banking
Total
(RO million)
Year ended/as at 31 December 2022
Operating income...........................................
128
235
90
7
43
503
Profit for the year ...........................................
49
73
61
4
13
201
Total assets.....................................................
4,347
3,735
2,745
243
1,706
12,776
Year ended/as at 31 December 2021
Operating income...........................................
130
216
85
7
37
475
Profit for the year ...........................................
61
65
56
(3)
12
190
Total assets....................................................
4,328
3,672
3,143
295
1,634
13,073
Corporate banking
Corporate banking contributed 25.4 per cent. of the Group’s operating income and 24.4 per cent. of the Group’s 
profit for the year in 2022 and, through it, the Group is the leading provider of corporate banking services in 
Oman, with over 7,200 corporate customers in Oman and a strong expertise in project finance.
Corporate banking provides an array of financial and transaction banking products to corporate clients by 
evaluating their specific business and financial needs, backed by high quality service and relationship 
management. While lending is the core business of corporate banking, the department’s strategic focus has been 
to strengthen relationships by adding value to its corporate customers with an emphasis on the use of 
technology, processes and products. Corporate banking’s holistic suite of products and services covers the entire 
corporate ecosystem and gives it a competitive advantage. Product innovation and enhanced customer service 
have helped the Group increase cross-sell and wallet share with non-borrowing customers. The approach 
towards each client with bespoke solutions has resulted in the Group being considered as a partner of choice to 
many clients, helping to ensure the Group’s continued market leadership position.

--- Page 175 ---
158
The Group launched a ‘One Bank’ initiative in 2022 to drive synergies across the Group and institutionalise a 
360-degree customer coverage approach. The key objective of the initiative is to create a unified and 
harmonious experience for the customer in dealing with the Bank and to leverage existing relationships to 
originate new business opportunities for all businesses across the Bank. Corporate banking has been playing a 
significant role in the implementation of the ‘One Bank’ approach by leveraging its strong relationships to drive 
strategic discussions with its customers for other business units of the Bank and in developing a holistic 
customer profile which will be the cornerstone for originating new business for the Bank.
The Group’s products and services are offered to institutional customers (both corporate and government) 
through four exclusive corporate branches strategically located across Oman as well as a centralised Corporate 
Operations department to ensure customer convenience. 
Corporate banking operates through the following business areas:
Large corporates department
The large corporates department is the main point of contact for the Group’s corporate customers. The 
department works with its customers in understanding their business needs and suggests comprehensive and 
integrated solutions that meet their business requirements. The department is organised into teams specialising 
in specific sectors, such as oil & gas, automobiles, manufacturing, services and contracting, with each team led 
by a unit head attending to each customer’s overall banking needs. The large corporates department provides a 
range of corporate banking products and services, which include: 

working capital facilities comprising overdrafts, receivables financing, inventory financing, factoring 
and short-term loans;

term loans;

specific contract financing, trade and treasury products; and 

end-to-end solutions with services from other specialised departments such as Agency & Custody 
Services and Transaction Banking
Small and medium enterprises (SME) department
The SME department (also known as “Al Wathbah” commercially) manages the credit facility accounts of 
micro, small and medium enterprises, which are categorised based on the annual revenue or turnover of the 
customers. The credit facility accounts managed by the department are distributed among the department’s 
various units based on sector, industry and location of the customer. Each unit is self-contained and is 
responsible for managing a set of accounts entrusted to it. In addition, the units are responsible for generating 
new business. Relationship managers provide a single point contact for all of a customer’s needs.
Project & structured finance department
The Bank has played a pivotal role in the development of the Sultanate’s major infrastructure projects. The 
Bank has a leadership position in project and structured finance enabled by its deep sectoral expertise, 
innovative structuring capabilities and sound due diligence techniques. The Bank’s expertise covers projects in 
key sectors such as oil and gas, petrochemicals, renewable energy, manufacturing, telecommunications, real 
estate, aviation and power and water. The projects team comprises experienced specialists with proven expertise 
in project ﬁnance, loan syndications, equity arranging and tailor-made advisory services and ﬁnancing solutions 
to clients.
Government banking department 
The Group has a dedicated government banking department to facilitate banking requirements for government 
entities in Oman. The department liaises with ministries, quasi government entities, public authorities and other

--- Page 176 ---
159
government-related enterprises and caters to their banking requirements by extending products and services 
suited to their needs.
The four business areas described above are supported by the following support functions:
Transaction banking
The Group offers a suite of transaction banking and trade services digital solutions to help customers manage 
their liquidity, optimise funds position and improve efficiencies in cash flows and trade transactions. Customers 
are offered a range of digital solutions in payments, collections & receivables, liquidity management, account 
management and trade services to streamline, optimise and automate their everyday cash management needs.
Using its in-depth knowledge of the Omani market and its experience of working across a wide spectrum of 
corporates, the transaction banking department has developed comprehensive, customisable and innovative 
technology and process-driven transaction banking solutions for the Bank’s corporate and wholesale banking 
clients. The extensive footprint of the Group complements its transaction banking capabilities in the country.
The transaction banking department continues to develop innovative value-adding solutions using advanced 
technology as well as processes aligned to customer needs.
The transaction banking department provides a wide range of digitally-enabled working capital solutions to 
corporate clients to help manage their payments and collections. Some of the key areas and solutions of the 
transaction banking department are listed below: 

Electronic channels
Supporting digitalisation of corporate processes is one of the key areas in which the transaction banking 
department works closely with wholesale banking clients. The Corporate Internet Banking Platform is a 
key offering to help clients make online payments in a smooth and seamless manner. The footprint of 
the platform has been further extended for large corporate and institutional clients through a ʻb2b adapter 
solutionʼ. This is a host-to-host connectivity solution which can integrate the enterprise and resource 
planning (ERP)/accounting systems of corporates with the Bank’s online banking platform to enable 
direct and secure two-way data transfer between the Bank and the corporate. The Group’s electronic and 
automated channels also provide value to its corporate clients.

Domestic and international payments
The Bank caters to both the domestic and international payment requirements of all sizes of corporates. 
The Corporate Internet Banking Platform provides an electronic channel to process various payments – 
from low volume to bulk payments such as payroll and vendor payments. It also offers specialised 
payment solutions related to utility payments and country specific international payments.
Online Bulk Salary payment solutions is one of the critical solutions for the finance and HR teams of 
the Bank’s corporate clients. The Wages Protection System based salary payments are also offered 
through the Bank’s offline and online channels.

Collection solutions
Collections of corporates are spread across various instruments, such as cash, cheques and direct credits 
to accounts. Transaction banking provides different solutions for all the collection requirements of a 
corporate. These solutions not only improve the clearing cycle but also facilitate the operational activities 
related to the management and the reconciliation of corporate receivables. Effectively managing 
accounts receivables and collections is critical to the success of the Bank’s corporate customers.

--- Page 177 ---
160
The three main digital collections available to corporates are remote deposit capture, direct debit and 
virtual accounts. Remote deposit capture is an electronic solution which enables faster and efficient 
clearing of cheques for corporate clients. Direct debits are a legally binding and enforceable agreement 
between the corporate and the Bank to provide timely settlements of the amounts payable by the 
corporate’s customers to the corporate through direct debit deductions to the customers’ bank accounts 
in Oman using the services of their accounts with the Bank. Virtual account is a receivable reconciliation 
solution to facilitate reconciliation of the funds collected.

Reporting and reconciliations
The transaction banking department appreciates the importance of account reconciliation for managing 
both the account payables and account receivables of a company. The solutions offered provide real time 
access to account statements in various formats. Customised solutions also provide corporate-specific 
information along with payment and collection reports. These solutions can significantly reduce the 
amount of effort invested by corporates into the reconciliation of their accounts. An MT940 statement 
is also provided through the Corporate Internet Banking Platform. 

Accounts and liquidity management
The Group provides enhanced visualisation of overall banking relationship across all banks and efficient 
account structures to help corporates maximise utilisation of their cash balances. The liquidity 
management solution not only allow corporates to efficiently manage their accounts in various 
currencies, but also help them maximise the interest earned from excess liquidity.
Agency & custody services
The Group’s agency and custodian solutions team, helps customers support all their complex mandates by 
acting as an independent and trusted administrator, while leveraging on the Bank’s distinct advantage of local 
expertise and global capabilities. The service offerings include facility agency services, account bank services, 
security agency and custodian services and escrow account agency services.
Trade services
The Group’s trade services team is equipped with advanced technology and offers effective, customised 
solutions, blending traditional financial solutions with tailor-made packages designed to meet the challenging 
demands of exporters, importers and local traders. In addition, the Group offers non-funded facilities to 
corporates for the issuance of various types of bank guarantees and letters of credit on behalf of clients.
The Group’s extensive network of correspondent banks across the world helps it manage the export and import 
related collections of clients, allowing them to mitigate the risks related to their international trading activities 
and the Group’s strategy includes utilising this presence to grow its share of GCC trade flows. The Group also 
offers a value adding advisory trade service in the form of letter of credit document checking.
The Group offers state-of-the-art ‘DigiTrade’, a digital trade portal which enables initiation of trade 
transactions, online, from anywhere and at any time, be it from customer’s office or home.
Remedial and recovery division
The Group has a robust collection system with dedicated resources to follow-up on past due loans, for both 
conventional and Islamic banking. There is a specialist remedial credit unit for the Bank’s corporate and SME 
portfolio, for both conventional and Islamic banking, to manage problem loans. The unit provides assistance 
and advice to customers to recover from problem situations and to help aid recoveries. Corporate accounts once 
classified as doubtful are also transferred to the remedial credit unit and legal action is initiated in order to 
recover funds through litigation. For non-performing retail loans, the Bank has a dedicated recovery unit.

--- Page 178 ---
161
The remedial action in case of classified advances is aimed at recovering maximum value through enforcement 
of collateral and guarantees. No outstanding facility is written-off until it has been classified as doubtful or loss 
and all recovery options have been exhausted.
Personal banking
Personal banking contributed 46.7 per cent. of the Group’s operating income and 36.3 per cent. of the Group’s 
profit for the year in 2022. Personal banking has a customer base of approximately 2.4 million retail customers 
and the Group believes that it is the leading retail platform in Oman based on its market shares of deposits and 
loans and has the largest distribution network in Oman.
Personal banking’s deposit and lending-based range of retail banking products and services includes the 
following:

Deposit products. The Group offers a wide range of deposit products in local and foreign currencies, 
including savings accounts (interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing), current accounts, corporate 
salary accounts, call recurring deposits and fixed deposits. 

Loans. The Group offers a range of loan products to suit the various needs of its customers, including 
general purpose loans, home loans, consumer loans, car loans, travel loans, marriage loans and 
educational loans. The Group also offers innovative and customised loan schemes through special loan 
packages designed to meet the needs of particular groups, such as Petroleum Development Oman, the 
Ministry of Education, the Ministry of Defence and the Sultan Special Forces.

Credit, debit and prepaid cards. The Group offers its retail customers a variety of branded credit and 
debit cards, in association with MasterCard and Visa. This range of cards includes Visa “Classic”, 
“Gold”, “Platinum”, “Signature”, “Infinite” and MasterCard “Titanium” cards. The Bank is the only 
bank in Oman which offers co-branded credit cards with OmanAir and Lulu. In addition, the Group has 
a range of corporate credit cards, including “Corporate Purchasing”, “Corporate Standard” and 
“Corporate Signature” and a pre-load payment card.
Credit card interest rates are regulated by the CBO and are approximately 18 per cent. per annum, with 
credit card holders also being charged an annual fee. The Group is the market leader in the card issuing 
business in terms of numbers of cards issued, with approximately 2.4 million debit cards and 
approximately 95,000 credit cards in issue as at 31 December 2022. In addition, the Group has close to 
50,000 prepaid cards. The Group’s market share for cards issuing is close to 70 per cent. The Group has 
approximately 33,500 point-of-sale terminals as at 31 December 2022 and is the largest payment 
gateways service provider in Oman.

Premier banking. The Group’s premier banking team caters to high net worth and affluent customers in 
three business segments: private banking, priority banking (Asalah) and privilege banking (Al Jawhar).
Personal banking’s commission- and fee-based products and services include the following:

Bancassurance. The Group has offered bancassurance (insurance products distributed through banks) in 
Oman since 2004. Its offerings are underwritten and issued by GIG and MetLife and cover both life 
insurance and non-life insurance products. Through bancassurance, the Group provides simple and cost-
effective insurance products (term life, critical illness, health insurance, home insurance and motor 
insurance) through its branches, call centre and digital channels.

Remittance services. The Group offers remittance services through branches and digital platforms like 
internet banking and mobile banking. In addition to remittance products such as demand drafts, 
telegraphic transfer (through SWIFT) and travellers cheques, the Group also offers cost-effective

--- Page 179 ---
162
instantaneous money transfer through its Speed Transfer service to various countries, such as: India, Sri 
Lanka, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Philippines. The Group also offers remittance services through both 
mobile banking and the internet.

Bill payment services. The Group offers a variety of payment services for bills such as school fees, 
prepaid mobile top up, post-paid mobile bills, broadband bills and water and electricity utility bills 
through the Group’s assorted channels.

Third-party processing. The Group’s third-party processing services facilitate payment collection by 
third parties. These services benefit from the Group’s retail customers generally being required to ensure 
that their salaries are paid into accounts held with the Group as the Group deducts payments for third 
parties directly from its customer accounts.
The Group has a wide range of distribution channels:

Branches. With 173 branches (including 24 Meethaq branches), the Group has the most extensive branch 
network in Oman. To increase its reach and customer servicing through traditional channels, the Group 
opens service centres dedicated to catering to the requirements of expatriate customers and sales centres 
dedicated to SMEs.

Electronic channels. The Group offers the widest range of electronic delivery channels in Oman through 
476 automated telling machines (“ATMs”), 301 customer deposit machines, including fully-functional 
machines, nine multi-functional kiosks, 19 statement printers across branches and an online banking 
service and mobile banking. It has a dedicated unit focusing on e-banking services, and is gaining 
increasing customer adoption of electronic channels. The Group was the first to introduce a number of 
electronic banking channels in Oman, and continues to provide a number of unique e-channel services, 
including its easy-to-use mobile banking service, which enables fund transfers within Oman as well as 
across the world through the Group’s SWIFT network; speed transfer to India, Sri Lanka, Pakistan, 
Bangladesh, Egypt and Philippines; mutual fund purchases; a variety of bill payment services, a zakat 
calculator and zakat and charity payments. The Group’s mobile banking service has approximately 1.4 
million registered customers. The Group offers 24 hours a day, 7 days a week personalised assistance to 
its customers through its contact centre across all personal banking products and channels.

DoorStep banking. In line with its commitment to offer total service and customer convenience, the 
Group’s direct sales unit personnel bring its services to the customer’s doorstep. Through this service, 
customers may, for example, open an account or apply for a loan or a credit card from their office or 
home.
Wholesale banking
Wholesale banking contributed 17.9 per cent. of the Group’s operating income and 30.3 per cent. of the Group’s 
profit for the year in 2022. Wholesale banking comprises four divisions and units:

Treasury and capital markets;

Global financial institutions;

Investment banking; and

Asset management,
Treasury and capital markets division
This division is responsible for facilitating the day to day liquidity of the Group’s local and foreign currency 
funds and for managing the Group’s interest rate, exchange rate and market risks. It has a liquidity management

--- Page 180 ---
163
desk and an interest rate risk management team. In addition, this division is also responsible for treasury-related 
off-balance sheet products, such as foreign exchange forwards, derivatives and commodity-related hedging. 
The treasury and capital markets division’s principal products are:

deposits in rials, U.S. dollars and other GCC and major currencies;

money market products in all major currencies;

interest rate swaps and interest rate options;

market making in spot and forward rials against all major currencies and other GCC currencies;

currency swaps in all major currencies; and

commodity hedging-products in relation to base metals and palm oil.
The treasury and capital markets division offers both standard and structured solutions to corporate clients on 
all financial products and operates in Saudi Arabia. It also has an active asset and liability management desk 
which reports to the Group’s Asset-Liability Committee (the “ALCO”).
Global financial institutions (GFI)
GFI is responsible for developing and maintaining strategic relationships with banks and financial institutions 
around the world. GFI provides solutions for mitigating country and bank risk. It regularly arranges medium to 
long term funds for the Group from the international loan and debt capital markets, and also engages in 
arranging medium to long-term funds for relationship banks.
The key products and services offered by GFI are:

trade finance solutions such as letter of credit confirmations and discounting, guarantees and forfaiting 
and other export refinance;

correspondent banking services;

payments solutions including Omani-rial nostro accounts;

medium- to long-term funding solutions through debt market products such as loan syndications and 
bilateral credit facilities;

secondary market sale and purchase of bank risk under master risk participation agreements; and

remittance solutions through online channel co-operation arrangements.
Investment banking division
The investment banking division offers integrated financial solutions tailored to client requirements, covering 
funding and advisory needs. It provides equity funding solutions (for example, private placements and public 
offers of equity and convertible debt and quasi-equity structured products) and debt funding solutions (such as 
debt syndications, debt capital markets, subordinated debt, preferred structures, Shari’a-compliant loans and 
sukuk). The division’s advisory work covers infrastructure advisory, strategic advisory and mergers and 
acquisitions advisory (including re-organisations, disposals and joint venture partner search). The division has 
the largest investment banking advisory team in Oman and is amongst the largest in the GCC.
In the last decade, the division has achieved successful closure for transactions valued over U.S.$30 billion 
across multiple industries and diverse geographies.

--- Page 181 ---
164
The team’s structuring and execution capabilities have been acknowledged and positively received by clients 
and industry peers, with the division regularly receiving “Deal of the Year” and “Best Investment Bank in 
Oman” awards from leading global publications.
Asset management division
The asset management division was established in 1994 and has an established track record in managing wealth 
focused on the GCC market. As at 31 December 2022, it had assets under management of more than 
U.S.$2.3 billion, making it the largest asset manager in Oman and one of the largest asset managers in the GCC.
The division offers investment solutions to its reputable retail and institutional clients comprising marquee 
sovereign wealth funds, local and regional pension funds, large corporates and high net worth investors based 
on, among other things, their risk appetite and their short-term and long-term investment objectives. Its product 
range includes equities, fixed income products and alternative/real estate assets through local and overseas 
registered investment vehicles. The division’s flagship products and offerings include:

the Bank Muscat Oryx Fund (investing across the MENA region), and India Dynamic Fund (investing 
in India), each of which invest in the listed equity asset class;

the Money Market Fund (investing across the GCC) and the Enhanced Fixed Income Plan (investing 
globally), each of which invest in the fixed income asset class; and

the Izdihar Real Estate Fund, Oman Fixed Income Fund and BM GCC Property Income Fund, each of 
which invest in the alternatives/private equity asset class primarily within the GCC. 
It also offers discretionary portfolio management services across the multiple asset classes to its institutional 
and high net worth clients.
International banking
International banking provides regional coverage to the Group’s customers and leverages the Group’s network 
to benefit each of the individual country operations. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group’s 
international network comprise its two overseas branches in Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, three representative 
offices in the United Arab Emirates, Singapore and Iran and an equity associate in Bahrain. The Iran 
representative office was established in late 2016 and given that it is a representative office, it does not execute 
any transaction-based business in Iran. The office performs a facilitating role only for trade finance related 
business activity and continues to comply with all relevant sanctions.
The Bank’s international branches focus on consolidating their core business of corporate banking, trade and 
treasury services with the objective of enhancing operational efficiencies and cost rationalisation. The branches 
also aim to enhance integration with the head office functions. The branches continue to focus on achieving a 
healthy growth in their credit portfolio by serving select corporate customers.
International banking contributed 1.4 per cent. of the Group’s operating income and 2.0 per cent. of the Group’s 
profit for the year in 2022.
Islamic banking
Islamic banking contributed 8.5 per cent. of the Group’s operating income and 6.5 per cent. of the Group’s 
profit for the year in 2022. The Group’s Islamic banking activities are provided through its Meethaq Islamic 
window. Meethaq offers retail banking, corporate and SME banking, corporate finance and advisory, project 
and structured finance, investment banking, treasury and asset management products and services in accordance 
with Shari’a principles.

--- Page 182 ---
165
Meethaq is the market leader in Islamic banking in Oman with an approximately 27.7 per cent. market share by 
Islamic financing and an approximately 27.5 per cent. market share by total assets as at 31 December 2022 and 
based on CBO data for the total market. Meethaq generated net profit of RO 13 million in 2022.
Competition
The Group is subject to competition in Oman from both locally incorporated and foreign banks. As at 31 
December 2022, there were 16 commercial banks operating in Oman, of which seven were locally incorporated 
and nine were foreign commercial banks. In addition, there were two specialised banks: the Oman Housing 
Bank and the Oman Development Bank, and two full Islamic banks.
Although locally incorporated banks generally have stronger relationships with Omani nationals and companies 
which are incorporated in Oman, foreign banks may have greater resources and access to potentially cheaper 
funding sources. Foreign banks are also able to leverage their international expertise and, in some instances, 
provide more attractive products and services to Omani companies with international business operations, as 
well as to foreign companies operating in Oman.
Based on published audited accounts, the Bank was the largest bank in Oman in terms of total lending and the 
largest in terms of total customer deposits as at 31 December 2022.
Information Technology
The Group’s IT strategy is focused on providing reliable and available information and systems to its customers 
and employees in a secure environment. It also assesses the Group’s future operational needs and develops and 
implements new IT systems to meet them, in each case with reference to the Group’s overall strategy and with 
the primary aim of delivering efficient and cost-effective systems.
For the Group’s customers, the focus is on delivering a convenient and efficient banking service, offering a 
range of digital banking applications including point of sale machines, ATMs, bulk cash deposit machines, 
cheque deposit machines, self-service statement printers, b2b connect, internet (retail and corporate), call 
centre-interactive voice response, mobile wallet and mobile banking. For the Group’s internal businesses, the 
focus is on providing effective methods and processes for promoting and delivering services to their customers.
The Group has implemented a disaster and recovery site on remote premises that can be activated when 
required, to ensure that critical systems and data continue to be fully operational and to provide essential 
services to its customers. The business continuity and disaster recovery planning testing is done annually to 
ensure the Group’s readiness in the event of a disaster. The Group carries out daily and other periodic data 
back-ups which are stored at a location in Oman away from its head office.
There is an increasing concern in the financial industry globally to ensure that organisations are resilient against 
cyber-attacks by not only ensuring protection of their assets but also having the capability to respond. The Bank 
monitors its systems on a 24/7 basis in order to detect suspicious activities and to take appropriate action in 
response to any threats. The Bank routinely tests the technology it uses in order to identify weaknesses, which 
cyber attackers could exploit. The Bank conducts simulated "hacking" to identify weakness as well as to test its 
readiness to respond to an attack. The Bank has built in-house monitoring capability to set up early warning for 
possible attacks and also conducts periodic cyber-attack exercises to ensure that it can effectively respond and 
recover from an attack to ensure continuity and readiness of the Bank’s operations as well as for the Bank’s 
management to effectively manage public relations during and after any attack. See “Risk factors—Risks 
relating to the Issuer—The Group's business is dependent on its IT systems which are subject to potential cyber-
attack”.

--- Page 183 ---
166
RISK MANAGEMENT
Overview
Risk management is the process by which the Group identifies key risks by applying consistent risk 
measurement techniques, recommends which risks to accept, reject or mitigate and establishes procedures to 
monitor and report the resulting risk position for necessary action.
The objective of risk management is to ensure that the Group operates within the risk appetite levels set by the 
Board while various business functions pursue their objective of maximising the risk adjusted returns. In the 
Group, risk is defined as the potential for loss or an undesirable outcome in relation to expected earnings, capital 
adequacy or liquidity, leading to volatility in earnings. The Group has exposure to the following core risks:

credit risk;

liquidity risk;

market risk; and

operational risk.
The Board has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group’s risk management 
framework. The Board has delegated responsibility for monitoring risk to its Board Risk Committee (the 
“BRC”). The Board reviews and approves the risk management strategy and defines the risk appetite of the 
Group. To facilitate achievement of the Group’s strategic objectives within the Board-approved risk appetite, 
the Group has established a Management Risk Committee (the “MRC”). The Management Risk Committee 
provides recommendations to the Board through the BRC on the risk-reward strategy, risk appetite, policies 
and framework for managing various risks. The Chief Risk Officer (the “CRO”) is the chairman of the MRC. 
For the purpose of day-to-day management of risks, the Group has established an independent Risk 
Management Department, which objectively reviews and ensures that the various functions of the Group 
operate in compliance with the risk parameters set by the Board. The Risk Management Department acts 
independently of the business with the CRO reporting directly to the Board.
The Group manages its risk using three lines of defence:

the first line is the front office or the business risk taker, which acts within stipulated limits;

the second line is the risk management and compliance department (the “RMD”), which ensures that 
the Group remains in compliance with the overall risk appetite and reports to the Board; and

the third line is the internal audit team, which provides the assurance function.
The Group’s risk appetite, as approved by the Board, is defined and communicated through a well-established 
enterprise-wide risk policy. Enterprise-wide risks are managed with the objective of maximising risk-adjusted 
returns through a well-defined risk management framework. The Group’s risk policy, approved by the Board, 
analyses and sets risk limits/thresholds for credit, market, liquidity, operational and other risks. The risk levels 
of each of these categories are measured and monitored on a continuous basis and compliance to prescribed 
risk levels is reported on a regular basis. This aims to ensure prudent management of the risks assumed by the 
Group in its normal course of business. The risk policy is updated regularly, based on changes in the Group’s 
strategy/organisational goals, regulatory guidelines, analysis of the economic trends and the operating 
environment in the countries where the Group operates.

--- Page 184 ---
167
The Board remains closely involved with key risk management initiatives, ensuring effective management of 
the Group’s risks and maintenance of appropriate levels of liquidity and capital in line with the evolving 
requirements.
The Group recognises that the risk management process is key to achieving its objective of enhancing 
shareholder value and is an area of core competence. It continues to invest in enhancing its risk management 
capabilities, to ensure that it is able to deliver on its growth plans while managing the underlying risks in an 
effective manner.
The Bank is designated as D-SIB in Oman. It complies with all the requirements specified by the CBO with 
respect to D-SIBs. The Bank has in place an updated Board-approved Recovery and Resolution Planning 
(“RRP”) document to formalise a process of stable and sustainable recovery in an extreme eventuality. The 
RRP in its present form is essentially the Recovery Plan. During 2019, the CBO issued its final paper on the 
resolution framework in Oman, which aims to facilitate an orderly recovery of banks and, if that is not possible, 
to allow the authorities to resolve them in an orderly manner with the least disruption and minimal cost to the 
national exchequer while preserving financial stability.
Credit Risk
Overview
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails 
to meet its contractual obligations in relation to lending, trading, settlement and other financial transactions. In 
addition, losses may also result from a reduction in portfolio value arising from the actual or perceived 
deterioration in credit quality of one or more of the Group’s counterparties. Credit risk makes up the largest 
part of the Group’s risk exposure.
The Board has delegated responsibility for monitoring credit risk in both the conventional and Islamic banking 
operations to the MRC. The credit risk management process in the Group begins with the risk policy, which 
defines indicators to address different dimensions of credit risk including credit concentration risk and single 
borrower limit. For each indicator, the Group has set clear and well-defined limits and trigger points. 
Compliance with the various indicators is monitored and reported on a regular basis and any exceptions are 
escalated to enable remedial actions.
Credit risk is managed through the following processes:

all credit processes, including approval, disbursement, administration, classification, recoveries and 
write-off, are governed by the Group’s credit manual which is reviewed by the risk management 
department and approved by appropriate approval authorities. The credit policy stipulates roles and 
responsibilities for each of these functions and the lending authority at various levels are stipulated in 
the Group’s ‘Lending Authority Limits’;

all corporate lending proposals, where the proposed credit limit for a borrower or related group exceeds 
a threshold, are submitted for approval/renewal to the appropriate authority after an independent review 
by the risk management department whose comments are incorporated into the proposal;
all corporate relationships are reviewed at least once a year. The retail portfolio, including credit cards 
and the mortgage portfolio, is reviewed on a portfolio basis at a product level at least once a year;

the concentration of exposure to counterparties, geographies and sectors are governed and monitored 
according to regulatory norms and limits prescribed in the Group’s risk policy;

--- Page 185 ---
168

the analysis of large customers at group level is conducted on a regular basis. The lending division 
undertakes account updates, monitoring and management of exposures on a continuous basis. Industry 
and sectoral analysis and benchmark reports are prepared as part of the credit risk management process 
to understand the trends in industry;

all corporate credit exposures are risk rated to provide support for credit decisions. The portfolio is 
analysed based on risk grades and risk grade migration to focus on the management of prevalent credit 
risk; and

the retail portfolio is rated using score cards.
The Group follows a risk mitigation practice of identifying business cash flows as the primary driver for the 
wholesale advances extended by it. These cash flows are then tested for sustainability over the tenor of the 
credit facility and a suitable mechanism is put in place to capture the cash flows into the client’s account with 
the Group. To cover unforeseen risk which reduces the cash flows, additional tangible security is typically 
taken, such as real estate mortgages or charges over equity shares. The Group implements guidelines on the 
acceptability of specific classes of collateral credit risk mitigation. The principal types of collateral for loans 
and advances and Islamic financing receivables are:

liens on deposits;

securities;

real estate;

inventories;

assignments of receivables;

guarantees; and

cash or acceptable securities from interbank counterparties.
The Group has a strong credit administration process that ensures compliance with terms of approval, 
documentation and continuous review to ensure quality of credit and collateral. While securities such as listed 
equities are valued regularly, the credit policy mandates that securities obtained by way of legal mortgage over 
real estate is to be valued at least once every three years or more frequently, if the situation warrants it. See note 
41.2.6(A) to the 2022 Financial Statements for an analysis of the fair value of the collateral taken by the Group 
in respect of its customer loan portfolio.
The Group executes credit support annexes to the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) 
document with major counterparty banks to mitigate credit risk arising out of any change in the value of the 
underlying for its derivative exposures. The Group’s treasury middle office undertakes daily valuations of all 
derivative deals and raises appropriate margin calls.
The Group obtains assets by taking possession of collateral held as security. As at 31 December 2022, the 
carrying value of the collateral held by the Group for sale was RO 0.1 million. Repossessed properties are sold 
as soon as practicable, with the proceeds used to reduce the outstanding indebtedness. Repossessed property is 
classified in the statement of financial position within other assets.
Credit origination
Corporate lending accounts for 58.1 per cent. of the total gross loans and advances and Islamic financing 
receivables of the Bank as at 31 December 2022. While the day-to-day management of corporate credit and the 
asset quality is the responsibility of the business line management, credit proposals/renewals above a defined

--- Page 186 ---
169
threshold are independently reviewed by the RMD, whose recommendations form an important input to the 
decision making process. Every relationship is reviewed individually once a year or more frequently, if the 
situation so warrants. Credit proposals are reviewed by the RMD and submitted to the appropriate approval 
authority based on the credit limits.
The risk policy ensures that the Bank’s corporate lending is targeted and distributed over various economic 
sectors. To restrict concentration risk in the portfolio, the Bank has various limits, including sectoral, substantial 
exposure and cross border lending limits, in place. Detailed sector analysis is performed every year and reports 
are submitted to the Board and management on emerging trends to aid their lending decisions.
Corporate exposures are rated using an internal credit rating model. The rating system uses a combination of 
financial parameters, based on the borrower’s audited financial statements, and qualitative parameters such as 
industry, company and management information. For country and counterparty bank exposure, the Group uses 
external ratings and for banks which are not rated by an external credit rating agency, an internal rating model 
is used.
The risk rating process is centralised in the RMD to provide objectivity and ensure the uniformity of the rating 
process. In forming an opinion on the corporate proposals/ renewals, the borrower’s risk rating, collateral, 
pricing and other relationship factors are considered. The risk ratings of the borrowers are back tested and 
calibrated to ensure robustness of the rating model. Portfolio and migration analysis based on risk rating are 
carried out annually. Downward migrations are escalated for review and necessary mitigating actions.
Personal loans and residential mortgage loans together account for 41.9 per cent. of the gross loans and advances 
and Islamic financing receivables as at 31 December 2022. Personal loans in the Bank are largely granted 
against confirmed assignment of salaries from approved employers. The residential housing loans are granted 
against mortgages of the underlying properties and confirmed by assignment of salaries from approved 
employers. The approved employers list is regularly reviewed and updated based on the financial profile of the 
company and other relevant factors, which includes their profile as stable employers.
The risk management review of retail business is achieved through a product-wide portfolio review. Portfolio 
review analyses the risk prevalent in the retail loans after approval and disbursement. A combination of robust 
lending policy, loan application process and retail credit control enables mitigation of risk at the pre-approval 
stage. The loan application process helps mitigate credit risk by evaluating the applicant’s ability and the 
intention to repay the loan.
The Group uses a scorecard for evaluating retail customers and rank ordering them. The retail scorecard brings 
in objectivity in decision making and helps to ensure centralised, uniform, more consistent and reliable decision 
management. It also helps in enhancing the credit quality of the retail portfolio by enabling better prediction of 
credit losses, assisting management’s ability to react to changes fast and accurately and to measure and forecast 
impact of policy decisions.
The credit cycle is managed through appropriate front-end credit, operational and collection processes. For each 
product, programmes defining customer segments, underwriting standards, security structure and other 
important factors are specified to ensure consistency of credit granting patterns.
Credit monitoring
All loans and advances of the Group are regularly monitored to ensure compliance with the stipulated repayment 
terms. Those loans and advances are classified into one of the five risk classification categories stipulated by 
CBO regulations and guidelines: Standard, Special Mention, Substandard, Doubtful, and Loss. The 
responsibility for identifying problem accounts and classifying them rests with the business line function.

--- Page 187 ---
170
As required under IFRS 9, the Group classifies its financial assets into Stage 1, Stage 2 and Stage 3, as described 
below:

Stage 1: Financial instruments which are not credit impaired and for which the credit risk has not 
increased significantly since initial recognition are classified as Stage 1. When a credit facility is first 
recognised, the Group recognises a loss allowance based on 12-month ECL.

Stage 2: Financial instruments having significant increase in credit risk since origination are classified 
under Stage 2 (if not impaired). When a credit facility has shown a significant increase in credit risk 
since origination, the Group records a loss allowance for the life time ECL (“LTECL”).

Stage 3: All credit facilities that are credit impaired either at origination or at the reporting date (for 
example, in the CBO default stage) are classified under Stage 3. Credit facilities considered as credit-
impaired are those facilities where any payment of principal or interest is overdue by more than 89 days. 
In addition, quantitative and qualitative criteria are also applied for assigning Stage 3. In such cases, the 
Group records a loss allowance for the LTECL.
Note 41.2.2 to the 2022 Financial Statements contains a table which provides information about the credit 
quality of the Group’s financial assets measured at amortised cost and FVOCI debt investments, including its 
loans and advances, due from banks, investment securities and off-balance sheet items. Based on this table, as 
at 31 December 2022, 2.5 per cent. of the Group’s net financial assets were classified as Stage 3, with 16.7 per 
cent. being classified as Stage 2 and the remaining 80.7 per cent. being classified as Stage 1.
All corporate, SME and retail credit ratings serve as a key input in the credit monitoring processes and are 
reviewed at least annually. A detailed portfolio analysis and rating migration is carried out annually and the 
outcome of the analysis, along with a recommendation from the RMD, is submitted to the Management Credit 
Committee (the “MCC”). Portfolio reviews carried out with a specific focus on substantial exposures and 
industry sectors to identify concentration risks are presented to the BRC and the MRC. The Group’s exposure 
to sensitive sectors, such as commercial real estate and capital markets, is regularly monitored. A quarterly risk 
policy compliance report is submitted to the MRC and the Board and analyses credit risk in detail and presents 
a summary of the risk assessment made by the risk management department and the direction of credit risk.
Industry knowledge is also constantly updated through interactions with clients, regulatory bodies and industry 
experts. The Group believes that sustained post-disbursement credit monitoring is a critical component for 
maintaining its loan quality and that overall portfolio diversification and reviews also facilitate mitigation and 
management. The Group has an independent loan review mechanism to assess the quality and grading of its 
wholesale loans.
Consumer credit risk is managed largely on a portfolio basis, across various products and customer segments. 
In the Group’s consumer credit operations, all products, policies and authorisations are approved by the Board 
or a committee of the Board. The Group continuously reviews the consumer credit parameters based on 
portfolio analytics.
The MRC is provided with a comprehensive monthly risk pack, which covers credit, market and operational 
risk within the Group and highlights the level and trend of the Group’s sensitive exposures.
The loan review process also investigates the existing provisions of the Group’s credit policy and process 
documentation and suggests additions or changes where necessary. An important objective of the loan review 
process is the capture of the early warning signals for changes in asset quality. With these signals, suitable pre-
emptive action can be initiated.

--- Page 188 ---
171
Concentration risk
Concentrations of credit risk arise when a number of counterparties are engaged in similar business activities 
or activities in the same geographic region or have similar economic features that would cause their ability to 
meet their contractual obligations to be affected similarly by changes in economic, political or other conditions. 
Concentrations of credit risk indicate the relative sensitivity of the Group’s performance to developments 
affecting a particular industry or geographic location.
The Group seeks to manage its credit risk exposure through diversification of lending activities to avoid undue 
concentration of risks with individuals or groups of customers in specific locations or businesses or sectors. See 
note 41.2.8 to the 2022 Financial Statements for an analysis of the Group’s concentration risk by type of 
customer, sector and geographic region.
Impairment policy
All loans, advances and Islamic financing receivables of the Group are regularly monitored to ensure 
compliance with the stipulated repayment terms. These loans, advances and Islamic financing receivables are 
classified into one of the five risk classification categories (Standard, Special Mention, Substandard, Doubtful 
and Loss) stipulated by CBO regulations and guidelines. The risk classification of accounts into Stage 1, 2 and 
3 for the purpose of IFRS 9 is done in accordance with the internal policy, accounting standards and applicable 
regulatory guidelines. The Group adopts a rigorous standard for identification, provisioning and monitoring of 
non-performing loans and Islamic financing receivables. Every problem account is reviewed to evaluate 
compliance to identified lending norms, arriving at an appropriate grade commensurate with the risk and 
incorporating the lessons, if any, into the Group’s lending guidelines. The primary responsibility for identifying 
problem accounts and classification rests with the relevant business lines. Supervisory responsibility to ensure 
that the accounts are reviewed and classified, in line with the Group’s risk policy, rests with the RMD. Line 
management ensures that the downgrading of accounts is gradual and appropriate measures have been initiated 
at each level of classification. Counterparties which, on the basis of the risk rating system, demonstrate a 
likelihood of problems are identified well in advance to effectively manage the credit exposure and optimise 
recovery. The purpose of this early warning system is to address potential problems while adequate options for 
action are still available. All possible help is extended to those customers on the watch list in order to enable 
them to stay in the ‘Standard’ category.
The CBO requires banks to follow IFRS 9 and requires the recognition of expected credit losses on all financial 
assets at amortised cost or at FVOCI (other than equity instruments), lease receivables and certain loan 
commitments and financial guarantee contracts. The ECL must also consider forward looking information to 
recognise impairment allowances earlier in the lifecycle of a facility. The Bank’s portfolio is categorised in 
Stage 1, 2 and 3 based on the requirements under the IFRS 9 standard. The facilities and borrowers are identified 
in respective grades based on the significant increase in credit risk as defined in the IFRS 9 policy of the Group 
and as required by the regulators.
The Group complies with the regulatory guidelines issued from time to time in relation to risk classification. 
The Group makes provision for bad and doubtful debts promptly, where required in line with the conservative 
provisioning norms it has set for itself. The Group arrives at the provisioning requirement both under IFRS and 
regulatory guidelines and maintains the necessary provision, whichever is higher. In case the ECL as per IFRS 
9 is lower than the CBO provision required, the excess is charged through equity. The Bank’s provisions satisfy 
the requirements of both IFRS 9 regulations and CBO regulatory guidelines.

--- Page 189 ---
172
The following table details the broad criteria used for the categorisation of exposure per regulatory guidelines:
Sl. no.
Category
Retail – Loans & Islamic financing 
receivable
Commercial – Loans & Islamic 
financing receivable (*)
1
Standard
Meeting all the payment obligations 
or remain past due for less than 60 
days
Loans and financing receivables 
having no financial weaknesses 
and are not classified in any of the 
other four categories
2
Special Mention
Remain past due for 60 days or more but less than 90 days and Standard 
restructured loans
3
Substandard
Remain past due for 90 days or more but less than 180 days
4
Doubtful
Remain past due for 180 days or more but less than 365 days
5
Loss
Remain past due for 365 days or over
Note:
(*) Commercial loans and corporate Islamic financing receivables are classified into various risk categories both on the 
basis of quantitative and qualitative parameters. The quantitative parameter, i.e. payments past due for a specified 
number of days, are considered only as a threshold. Loans which exhibit early signs of defaults are appropriately 
classified, notwithstanding the fact that the loans are not past due for the period specified under different categories 
of risk classification.
Note 41.2.7 to 2022 Financial Statements contains a detailed analysis of the manner in which the Group 
estimates impairment. Different methodologies are applied to the retail and non-retail portfolios and to modified 
financial assets. The note also contains tables analysing the credit quality (by IFRS stage) of gross exposures 
as at 31 December 2022 by class of financial asset. These tables are summarised below:

Due from banks at amortised cost/FVOCI: of the RO 646 million gross exposure at 31 December 2022, 
96.9 per cent. was classified as stage 1 and the balance was stage 2;

Loans and advances/Islamic financing receivables at amortised cost: of the RO 9,975 million gross 
exposure at 31 December 2022, 77.5 per cent. was classified as stage 1, 18.7 per cent. was classified as 
stage 2 and 3.7 per cent. was classified as stage 3;

Retail loans and advances/Islamic financing receivables at amortised cost (including housing loans, 
personal loans, credit cards and retail overdrafts): of the RO 4,185 million gross exposure at 31 
December 2022, 96.0 per cent. was classified as stage 1, 1.6 per cent. was classified as stage 2 and 2.4 
per cent. was classified as stage 3;

Corporate loans and advances/Islamic financing receivables at amortised cost: of the RO 5,790 million 
gross exposure at 31 December 2022, 64.2 per cent. was classified as stage 1, 31.2 per cent. was 
classified as stage 2 and 4.6 per cent. was classified as stage 3;

Debt investment securities at FVOCI: of the RO 104 million gross exposure at 31 December 2022, 99.0 
per cent. was classified as stage 1 and the balance was stage 2;

Debt investment securities at amortised cost: of the RO 1,338 million gross exposure at 31 December 
2022, 99.0 per cent. was classified as stage 1 and the balance was stage 2;

--- Page 190 ---
173

Financial guarantee contracts: of the RO 1,630 million gross exposure at 31 December 2022, 72.2 per 
cent. was classified as stage 1, 25.8 per cent. was classified as stage 2 and 2.0 per cent. was classified as 
stage 3;

Acceptances: of the RO 109 million gross exposure at 31 December 2022, 65.1 per cent. was classified 
as stage 1 and 34.9 per cent. was classified as stage 2 and the balance was classified as stage 3;

Loan commitments/unutilised limits at amortised cost: of the RO 2,000 million gross exposure at 31 
December 2022, 84.6 per cent. was classified as stage 1 and the balance was stage 2.
Note 41.2.7 to the 2022 Financial Statements also contains an analysis of the changes in the Group’s impairment 
loss allowances by class of financial assets, a comparison of the provisions held in accordance with IFRS 9 and 
those required by the CBO and an analysis of restructured accounts.
The restructured or rescheduled loans are upgraded only after satisfactory performance for a minimum period 
defined in the Group’s policy from the date of the first payment of interest or principal, whichever is earlier, 
under the rescheduled/ renegotiated terms and regulatory guidelines.
Write-off policy
The Group writes off a loan or security and any related allowances for impairment when the Group determines 
that the loan or security is uncollectible. This determination is reached after considering factors such as the 
occurrence of significant changes in the borrower’s financial position resulting in the borrower being no longer 
able to pay the obligation or that proceeds from collateral will not be sufficient to pay back the entire exposure. 
For smaller balance standardised loans, charge off decisions are generally based on a product specific past due 
status and the borrower’s capacity to repay the loan. No outstanding facility is permitted to be written off until 
it has been classified as doubtful or loss and all recovery options exhausted. This is to prevent rapid 
downgrading and writing off overdue accounts without the benefit of any appropriate remedial measures. The 
Board approves all write-offs above a threshold limit.
Remedial credit
The Group has a robust collection system with dedicated resources to follow-up on past due loans, for both 
conventional and Islamic banking. There is a specialist remedial credit unit for its corporate and SME portfolio, 
for both conventional and Islamic banking, to manage problem loans. This unit provides assistance and advice 
to customers to recover from problem situations and to help aid recoveries. Corporate accounts once classified 
as doubtful are also transferred to the remedial credit unit and legal action is initiated in order to recover funds 
through litigation. For non-performing retail loans, the Bank has a dedicated recovery unit.
The remedial action in case of classified advances is aimed at recovering maximum value through enforcement 
of collateral and guarantees. No outstanding facilities are written-off until it has been classified as doubtful or 
loss and all recovery options exhausted.
Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risk arises when the Group is unable to generate sufficient cash resources to meet obligations as they 
fall due or can do so only at materially disadvantageous terms. Liquidity risk may arise even when the Group 
is solvent. Liquidity stress may be caused by a variety of factors, including counterparties withdrawing credit 
lines or not rolling over existing funding or as a result of a general disruption in the markets or a run on the 
Group’s customers’ deposits.
The Bank gives priority to liquidity risk management and manages its liquidity to ensure that it has the ability, 
under varying stress conditions, to fund growth in its assets and meet its maturing obligations or other claims

--- Page 191 ---
174
as they arise. The RMD measures and monitors the liquidity stress levels and reports to ALCO on a monthly 
basis or such other frequency as guided by the ALCO. The Treasury department is responsible for the day-to-
day liquidity management under the guidance and supervision of the ALCO. The ALCO ensures that the Group 
maintains adequate liquidity through:

establishing suitable limits on time-band based structural liquidity exposure (gaps), through gap limits 
and maximum cumulative outflow controls;

ensuring crisis survivability, including the development of liquidity stress tests/scenarios and 
contingency plans which include liquidity options such as the creation of an appropriate stock of highly 
liquid, unencumbered marketable assets; and borrowing back-stops such as stand-by credit lines and 
committed facilities; and

monitoring various liquidity ratios and thresholds, including the LCR and NSFR.
The Group diversifies its funding base to include inter-bank deposits, the issue of certificates of deposit, retail 
customer deposits, bonds and medium term funds raised by way of euro medium term notes or the issue of 
sukuk and subordinated liabilities.
The sources and maturities of the Group’s assets and liabilities are closely monitored to avoid any undue 
concentration and ensure proper management of liquidity risks. The Group undertakes structural profiling based 
on the behavioural patterns of customers to study the structural liquidity position and initiate measures to fund 
any gaps.
The Group undertakes liquidity risk management using both a cash flow and a stock approach. Under a stock 
approach, the Group measures liquidity in terms of ratios such as liquid assets to total deposits and liquid assets 
to total assets. These ratios are closely monitored and managed in order to ensure that adequate stock of liquid 
assets is held as part of the Group’s growth plans. Under the cash flow approach, the Group’s assets and 
liabilities are categorised into maturity buckets based on their residual maturity to ascertain liquidity gaps. 
ALCO reviews the liquidity position on a regular basis.
The table below provides the ratio of liquid assets to total assets and liquid assets to total deposits as at 31 
December 2022 and 2021 and during each of 2022 and 2021.
Liquid assets to total assets
Liquid assets to total deposits
2022
2021
2022
2021
As at 31 December................................
18.66%
21.96%
25.09%
29.51%
Average for the period ..........................
19.94%
20.81%
26.70%
28.12%
Maximum for the period .......................
22.43%
22.08%
30.30%
29.80%
Minimum for the period........................
16.40%
18.41%
21.94%
24.84%
See note 41.3.2 to the 2022 Financial Statements for the maturity profile of the Group’s on and off balance 
sheet assets and liabilities based on contractual undiscounted cash flows. For 2022, this table indicated an asset 
surplus within the on demand or within one month and in the more than five years bands and asset deficits 
within each of the two to three months, four to 12 months and one to five years bands. On a cumulative basis, 
the Group had an asset surplus in one month, two to three months and more than five years band.
The Group also has in place a liquidity assessment and management process where a dynamic liquidity stress 
test is conducted based on idiosyncratic as well as systemic stress scenarios and a contingency funding plan is

--- Page 192 ---
175
put in place to meet any such stress scenario. The results of the stress test and the availability of the contingency 
funding plan are monitored regularly by the ALCO. The contingency funding consists of unencumbered 
high-quality liquid assets that can be converted in to cash within a short period and without much loss in value. 
The contingency funding plan framework defines the roles and responsibilities of various 
departments/individuals and the point of invocation of various liquid assets in the event of severe liquidity 
strain. The Group is in compliance with the Basel III liquidity coverage, net stable funding and leverage ratios.
Market risk
Introduction
Market risk is the exposure to loss and uncertainties resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, 
equity prices, interest rates and commodity prices. The Group’s exposure to market risk arises from its trading 
and asset-liability mismatches and its role as a financial intermediary in customer-related transactions. The 
Group does not enter into trading positions in commodities and derivatives. The objective of market risk 
management is to minimise the impact of losses on the Group’s earnings and equity capital due to market risk.
The Group has an independent market risk team reporting to the CRO that monitors, measures and manages the 
Group-wide market risk exposure. The Group uses the value-at-risk measurement tool for its market risk 
portfolio. Its treasury offers foreign exchange, commodities and interest rate hedge tools to customers and 
covers the position on a back-to-back basis in the interbank markets. The Group does not run any open 
derivatives position. The Group’s residual foreign exchange position is managed within the regulatory 
thresholds. All traded investments are marked-to-market on a daily basis with a strict stop loss monitoring 
mechanism. The Group has established credit support annexes specifying thresholds with counterparty banks 
and variation margin thresholds with customers that execute derivative transactions to address the credit risk 
element arising out of these transactions. The Group is in compliance with all the global regulations related to 
derivatives trades, such as the European Market Infrastructure Regulation and the Dodd-Frank Act. The Group 
has also executed ISDA and credit support annex agreements with various banks as part of its counterparty 
exposure management.
Overall authority for market risk is vested in the ALCO. The RMD is responsible for the development of 
detailed risk management policies. The Group’s market risk policy is periodically reviewed to keep it up to date 
with market developments. The ALCO meets monthly and finalises action plans to manage interest rate risks. 
With the guidance of the ALCO, the Group’s treasury manages liquidity risk, interest rate and foreign exchange 
risk.
The Group separates its exposure to market risk between trading and non-trading portfolios. Trading portfolios 
include all positions arising from market making and proprietary position taking, together with financial assets 
and liabilities that are managed on a fair value basis.
Foreign exchange risk
Foreign exchange risk is the risk that the value of a financial instrument will fluctuate due to changes in foreign 
exchange rates. Foreign exchange risk management involves regular measurement and monitoring of open 
foreign exchange positions against approved limits. The majority of the foreign exchange transactions carried 
out are on behalf of corporate customers on a back-to-back basis. The treasury ensures that positions with 
customers are covered in the interbank market. The Group conservatively restricts its open currency position at 
below 35 per cent. of its net worth as against the regulatory limit of 40 per cent. of net worth.
See note 41.4.2 to the 2022 Financial Statements for an analysis of the Group’s net foreign currency exposures 
and a sensitivity analysis based on a 10 per cent. change in non-parity currency prices with all other variables 
assumed to remain constant.

--- Page 193 ---
176
Investment price risk
Investment price risk is the risk of reduction in the market value of the Group’s investment securities portfolio 
as a result of diminution in the market value of individual investments. The Group’s investments are governed 
by the Group’s investment policy and risk policy approved by the Board. Investment limits such as position 
limits, exposure limits, stop loss limits and sectorial limits are clearly articulated in the Board policies. The 
Group’s investment committee monitors its investments. The rating and cost vis-á-vis the market price of the 
instruments are monitored on a daily basis and action is taken to reduce exposure, if needed. The Group’s 
trading portfolio is revalued on a daily basis and the non-trading portfolio at regular intervals to ensure that 
unrealised losses, if any, on account of reduction in the market value of the investments remain within the 
parameters defined in the investment policy.
See note 41.4.3 to the 2022 Financial Statements for a sensitivity analysis based on a +/- 5 per cent. change in 
the MSX30 Index (for local investments) or in the security prices (for international investments).
Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that changes in interest rates will affect the future profitability of the Group or the 
fair values of its financial instruments. The Group is exposed to interest rate risk as a result of mismatches in 
the re-pricing tenure of rate sensitive assets and liabilities.
The short-term impact of interest rate risk is measured by studying the impact on the Group’s net interest income 
while the long-term impact is measured through the study of the impact on the economic value of the Group’s 
equity. The responsibility for interest rate risk management rests with the treasury under the supervision of the 
ALCO.
See note 41.4.4 to the 2022 Financial Statements for an analysis of the Group’s interest sensitivity position 
based on contractual re-pricing or maturity dates and an analysis of the Group’s sensitivity to an increase or 
decrease in interest rates.
The Bank uses currency-wise and consolidated re-pricing gaps to quantify its interest rate risk exposure over 
distinct maturities and to analyse the magnitude of portfolio changes necessary to alter the existing risk profile. 
The distribution of assets and liabilities over these time bands is done based on the actual repricing schedules. 
The schedules are used as a guideline to assess interest rate risk sensitivity and to focus the efforts towards 
reducing the mismatch in the repricing pattern of assets and liabilities.
The Bank also uses simulation reports as an effective tool for estimating risk exposure under multiple interest 
rate scenarios. These reports help the ALCO to comprehend the interest rate risk in the Bank and decide on the 
appropriate strategy and hedging mechanism for managing the same. The Bank’s current on- and off-balance 
sheet exposures are evaluated under a static environment and compared with simulation values to quantify the 
potential effect of external interest rate shocks on its earnings and economic value of equity at risk, using 
assumptions about the future course of interest rates and changes in the Bank’s business profile.
Economic value of equity is the present value of all asset cash flows less the present value of all liability cash 
flows. By calculating the economic value of equity, the Group is able to show the effect of different interest 
rate changes on its total capital. This allows the Group to prepare against constantly changing interest rates. The 
impact of interest rate changes on the economic value of equity is monitored by recognising the changes in the 
value of assets and liabilities for a given change in the market interest rate. The interest rate risk management 
is facilitated by limits of 5 per cent. impact on net interest income and 20 per cent. impact on economic value 
of equity for a 200 basis points shock. See note 41.4.4. to the 2022 Financial Statements for an analysis of the 
Group’s sensitivity to an increase or decrease in market interest rates based on the net interest income and 
economic value of equity impact.

--- Page 194 ---
177
The Group’s exposure to interest rate risk arises predominantly due to its banking book as the Group does not 
run any trading position in interest rates. The Group has undertaken an internal review of its exposures and has 
chosen an interest rate stress level to simulate its interest rate risk in the banking book and appropriate economic 
capital is maintained under Pillar II.
Commodity price risk
As part of its treasury operations, the Group offers commodities hedging facilities to its clients. Customers of 
the Group who are exposed to commodities such as copper, aluminium and oil and jewellers with exposure to 
gold prices seek to cover their commodity exposures through the Group. The Group covers all its commodity 
exposures on a back-to-back basis in the interbank market. The Group operates in the commodities market 
purely as a provider of hedging facilities and does not either trade in commodities or bullion for its own account 
or maintain positions in commodities.
The Group applies transaction volume limits to its customers based on their turnover and orders and a variation 
margin limit is also applied to mitigate any mark-to-mark related credit exposures for the Group. The transaction 
volume limit aims to restrict the total outstanding contracts value to the business requirement of the customer 
and the variation margin limit aims to protect the Group from excessive credit risk due to adverse price 
movement in the underlying commodity prices. Margin calls for additional collateral or cash deposits are 
required from customers on any breach of the variation margin limit. The treasury middle-office monitors its 
customers’ positions and the mark-to-market exposures on a daily basis.
Operational risk
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or 
from external events. Operational risk includes legal risk but excludes strategic and reputational risk. 
Operational risk losses result from deficiencies in information systems, internal controls or uncontrollable 
external events. The risk is associated with human error, systems failure, inadequate procedures or controls and 
external causes.
Operational risk management
The Bank’s Operational Risk Management Department (the “ORMD”) is responsible for managing its 
operational risk profile. The ORMD devises the risk management framework, policies and tools to govern and 
manage inherent operational risks in the Bank’s activities and operations by implementing regulatory/Basel 
guidelines and industry best practices. Operational risk is controlled through internal controls and audits, well-
defined segregation of duties and reporting lines, detailed operational manuals and standards.
The ORMD monitors movements in the operational risk profile of the Bank. Deviations are analysed and root 
cause analysis with recommendations is discussed with appropriate management periodically and on an ad-hoc 
basis. For this purpose, the Bank keeps a centralised repository of all operational risks events encountered by 
the Bank’s departments and branches. Opportunities of automating Bank’s activities, to enhance operational 
efficiency and reduce human errors, are continually explored. The adoption of a risk management culture is a 
key element for managing risks successfully, therefore the ORMD conducts regular training to disseminate risk 
awareness. To minimise the impact of operational risks events, the Bank ensures a fully functional IT disaster 
recovery system, comprehensive insurance arrangements, up-to-date documentation and effective 
implementation of its Business Continuity Plan.
Business units, as the first layer of defence, are primarily responsible for identifying, assessing, managing and 
reporting the operational risks that are inherent in their respective products, activities, processes and systems. 
Business units are required to conduct a risk control self-assessment (“RCSA”) annually or whenever a new

--- Page 195 ---
178
product is launched, system or process is changed, or material external risk emerges, alongside embedding 
effective and efficient internal controls into all of their operations and activities, with consistent application of 
the Bank’s approved operating policies and procedures.
The operational risk management function, as the second layer of defence, is primarily responsible for pursuing 
the achievement of the operational risk management objectives through facilitating the necessary tools, 
challenging business units, monitoring the operational risk profile, and reporting deviations to management for 
action.
The Internal Audit function, as the third layer of defence, is primarily responsible for the independent validation 
of the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the operational risk management framework and its 
implementation.
The Management Risk Committee is the primary oversight body for managing operational risk. The committee 
is represented by various business and control functions and is responsible for ensuring that the Bank has an 
adequate and sound risk management framework, policies and processes that govern the identification, 
evaluation and management of operational risks, in line with the Basel requirements, best practices, and 
regulatory directives and guidelines.
The Bank uses the following tools for operational risk management:

internal assessment of operational risks performed by the departments through the RCSA exercise, 
facilitated by the operational risk team;

operational loss data collected from actual and potential loss events and Key Risk Indicators (“KRIs”); 
and

independent assessment of operational risks and controls of various departments conducted by the 
Internal Audit function.
RCSA is a proactive, forward-looking tool for identifying current and emerging operational risks, assessing the 
effectiveness of controls in place to mitigate those risks and devising action plans to bring unacceptable risks 
to an acceptable level.
KRIs act as early warning signals by providing the capability to indicate changes in the Bank’s operational risk 
profile and its impact. KRIs are based on measurable thresholds and the ownership matrix is defined for action, 
if required.
All business units are required to report operational losses through the Bank’s operational risk management 
system. The operational loss data collected is categorised by Basel business line, loss event type and reported 
to the Board, the Management Risk Committee and senior management. The Bank also undertakes analysis of 
the operational losses to identify the root cause for the losses and take appropriate actions to reduce and prevent 
any re-occurrence of the incidents. If required, additional internal controls are embedded into the Bank’s 
operating policies and manuals to reduce the risk.
There are four approaches to mitigate operational risks: risk acceptance, risk avoidance, risk mitigation and risk 
transfer to/sharing with third parties including insurance companies.
The Bank has obtained insurance coverage against critical risks including Bankers’ Blanket Bond, Directors & 
Officers, Professional Indemnity, Electronic & Computer Crime, Cyber Risk, Property All Risk, Staff Group 
Life and Staff Group Credit Life insurance. While insurance cannot alter the likelihood of risks, it allows the 
transfer of the financial impact of risks to the insurance providers. Insurance is primarily aimed at protecting 
the Bank from risks characterised with high-severity and low-frequency.

--- Page 196 ---
179
Protective Services Unit
The Protective Services Unit (the “PSU”) is an integrated function relating to security and protection of all the 
Bank’s assets. The objective of PSU is:

to effectively protect the Bank’s assets from physical (man-made and natural) threats and 
cyber/technological threats by ensuring appropriate security controls are implemented and operational;

to set up an early warning mechanism in the Bank to warn of possible or imminent threats so that 
appropriate plan can be implemented to mitigate and control the impact of the threats;

to ensure continuity in business by robust risk management techniques and resuming “business as usual” 
quickly and seamlessly; and

to have an effective incident response plan to be ready for security incidents.
Physical security management
The Bank ensures that adequate and effective security systems are deployed to protect the Bank’s assets from 
physical threats that could cause harm and loss to its assets.
The Bank has set up a framework to govern and manage its physical assets. Key elements of the physical 
security framework include:

governance through policies, procedures, guidelines and standards;

implementing physical protection technology to protect the Bank’s assets; and

implementing early warning systems with authorities for the Bank’s infrastructure, such as branches and 
ATM’s.
Information / cyber security management
The information / cyber security management function helps to secure information within the Bank as well as 
protecting the Bank from cyber security risk.
Information risk is defined as the risk of accidental or intentional unauthorised use, modification, disclosure or 
destruction of information resources, resulting in the compromise of confidentiality, integrity or availability of 
information. Information risk management deals with all aspects of information in its physical and electronic 
forms and is focused on the creation, use, transmission, storage, disposal and destruction of information.
Cyber security risk is the risk that cyber attacks could disrupt the Bank’s business by causing failure or breach 
of the Bank’s various channels, security systems or infrastructure, including that of third party vendors and 
other service providers, which could result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, 
damage the Bank’s reputation, increase its costs and negatively impact its reputation. With the increased 
sophistication and reach of organised crime, hackers, terrorists, activists, and other external parties the risk has 
increased.
The Bank continues to invest significant resources to maintain and regularly update its systems and processes 
that are designed to protect the security of its computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets. 
This is to protect against attempts to obtain unauthorised access to confidential information, destroy data, 
disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems or cause other damage. There are ongoing strategic initiatives in 
protection and detection technology to protect the Bank’s assets as well as to ensure early detection of potential 
cyber-attacks. A review of all third parties who are connected to the Bank’s network is carried out to ensure

--- Page 197 ---
180
that the connections are secure and the Bank is protected against any untoward events which may happen to a 
third party.
The Bank also works with appropriate third party and government agencies with expertise in cyber defence to 
ensure that the Bank is protected and prepared in the eventuality of an attack. The Bank invests in training its 
staff, stays abreast of global trends in cyber risk and ensures that appropriate measures are taken against 
emerging threats and changes in the landscape. Comprehensive review and testing are conducted for new 
technologies that are introduced in the Bank.
The Bank’s information and cyber security risk management function focuses on the following important 
aspects:

information security governance through security policies, procedures, guidelines and standards;

implementing a robust network security defense as well as strong internal controls to enforce the “need-
to-know” principle;

information security monitoring through latest solutions and tools, including real time as well as fixed 
frequency monitoring;

a cyber security incident response plan to have quick and effective management of cyber security 
incidents; and

information security reviews comprising new and existing technologies, solutions, networks and also 
the various processes/operations within each department of the Bank.
Health, safety and environment management
The Bank acknowledges that people are its most important assets and therefore the health and safety of its staff, 
customers and vendors/partners (whilst on its premises) is of paramount importance. The Bank’s Health, Safety 
and Environment (“HSE”) policy is compliant with regulatory guidelines and has been approved by the 
Ministry of Manpower. The Bank ensures and provides a safe working environment for its staff while 
conducting their assigned duties. This includes regular inspection of the fire detection systems in all its 
premises, conducting emergency evacuation drills, staff training on how to handle minor fires, and installation 
of In-Vehicle Monitoring System in all its vehicles so that staff adhere to the traffic rules and regulations while 
they are on duty. The Bank also promotes health awareness through regular health events organised in 
association with leading organisations in Oman. To enhance the safety of its employees, the Bank has 
introduced an incident reporting system where all staff can report any incident/ unsafe conditions which will be 
actioned immediately by the Bank’s Health and Safety department.
Business continuity management
Business continuity management is the planning, implementation and management of activities, in order to 
ensure that the Bank can continue to operate at least at a pre-determined level following a significant unplanned 
event or major operational disruption.
The Bank ensures that its systems, processes and procedures are resilient in potential situations of failure. The 
Bank has business continuity plans for each critical department as well as every branch to ensure that its 
business runs effectively in the event of most disasters as required by the CBO’s Business Continuity 
Guidelines, the Basel Committee Joint Forum High-level principles for business continuity and international 
business continuity standards.

--- Page 198 ---
181
The Protective Services Committee is responsible for formulating, adopting, implementing, testing and 
maintaining robust business continuity plans for the Bank. The committee continuously reviews and approves 
the business continuity strategy. It also ensures that planning and maintenance responsibilities are assigned, 
understood and implemented across the business.
The Bank’s recovery centre has the capability to meet any anticipated disaster and ensure continual operational 
capability in the event of a major operational disruption. To ensure proper functioning of the business recovery 
centre, all departments of the Bank are required to complete annual testing to ensure that they can operate 
successfully in times of emergency. The Bank provides training to its new staff as well as existing employees 
through both online and onsite means to ensure that everyone is familiar with business resumption and business 
recovery procedures.
Derivatives
The Group transacts in derivative financial instruments both as principal, to manage its own financial risk, and 
on behalf of its clients. In the latter case, the Group covers the exposure which it assumes on a back to back 
basis with market counterparties to avoid taking any market risk. The Group’s derivatives are stated at fair 
value. The fair value of a derivative is the equivalent of the unrealised gain or loss from marking to market the 
derivative using prevailing market rates or internal pricing models. Unrealised gains and losses are either 
recognised in profit and loss or in other comprehensive income, depending on the IFRS 9 classification of the 
relevant instrument.
As part of its asset and liability management, the Group’s ALCO guides the treasury department on hedging 
specific exposure to reduce the Group’s exposure to interest rate risks.
The Group uses forward foreign exchange contracts and currency swaps to hedge against specifically identified 
currency risks. The Group also enters into interest rate swaps to hedge against changes in the cash flow and/or 
fair value arising from certain interest rate exposures.
For interest rate risks, strategic hedging is carried out by monitoring the repricing of financial assets and 
liabilities and entering into interest rate swaps to hedge a proportion of the interest rate exposure. As strategic 
hedging does not qualify for hedge accounting, the related derivatives are accounted for as regular derivative 
transactions.
Note 37 to the 2022 Financial Statements shows the positive and negative fair values of the Group’s derivative 
financial instruments, which are equivalent to the market values, together with the notional amounts analysed 
by the term to maturity as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. The notional amount is the amount of 
a derivative’s underlying asset, reference rate or index and is the basis upon which changes in the value of 
derivatives are measured.
Compliance
The Group’s compliance department focuses on ensuring compliance with applicable Omani laws as well as 
the laws of the other jurisdictions in which the Group operates. It also seeks to implement selected best practices 
from financial institutions, regulators and other relevant bodies worldwide.
The compliance department aims to ensure the Group’s ongoing compliance with rules, regulations, circulars 
and directives issued by regulatory authorities such as the CBO and the CMA. It circulates regular alerts, aiming 
to increase awareness of issues and emerging trends in the world of compliance. It also provides training on 
anti-money laundering (“AML”) and know your customer (“KYC”) requirements and procedures for all staff

--- Page 199 ---
182
across the Group. It also endeavours to adopt international best practices in AML and in combating financial 
crime in Oman.
The compliance department continuously reviews and monitors the various functions and activities carried out 
in the Group for compliance with regulatory guidelines. It updates the Board and management on compliance 
related matters and issues of corporate governance best practice and assists in their implementation. In addition, 
the compliance department acts as a single point of reference for all compliance issues within the Group.
The compliance department has primary responsibility for overseeing the operation of the Group’s AML policy 
and monitoring its AML procedures.
KYC policies and procedures form the cornerstone of the Group’s AML efforts. These measures are used to 
screen customers and transactions both at the time accounts are opened and customers are accepted and when 
transactions are performed. The Group’s policy also clearly establishes the role and responsibility of its various 
departments for AML activities and delineates clear reporting lines for any suspected money laundering 
activities, with any deviations from the policy being reported to management and the Board. The Group also 
complies with the requirements imposed by the USA Patriot Act of 2001 on non-U.S. banks that maintain 
correspondent accounts with banks in the United States.
The Deputy General Manager, Compliance is the Group’s money laundering reporting officer. He reports 
directly to the Board and is responsible for ensuring that the Group has a robust AML framework in place. The 
Group has a Board approved AML policy, which is supported by documented procedures. The Group uses 
relevant systems and software to ensure it satisfies all of its obligations in relation to the sanctions regimes to 
which it is subject. This involves screening at the customer and transaction level. In addition, it uses automated 
alert generating software to monitor all of its transactions and reports any suspicious transaction to the National 
Centre of Financial Information in Oman as and when they arise.
Internal Audit
The internal audit function reviews and assesses the Group’s internal control, risk management and governance 
systems and processes. Its activities are governed by the Audit Committee Charter approved by the Board and 
guided by the internal audit manual approved by the Board Audit Committee which is in line with industry best 
practices. Through the use of risk-based assessment techniques, the internal audit function is able to form an 
independent and informed view of the Bank’s control environment. Internal audit reports its findings and 
recommendations to the Audit Committee.
Internal audit uses the International Professional Practices Framework from the Institute of Internal Auditors in 
planning and executing audit assignments and documents the entire audit process using automated audit 
management software. An independent Quality Assurance team reporting to the Head of Audit reviews the 
audit assignments to confirm their completeness, effectiveness and objectivity. The Group also has a dedicated 
fraud investigation unit within internal audit. The unit conducts fraud investigations and makes 
recommendations to management regarding control enhancements.
The Group maintains clearly defined operating procedures with respect to its internal controls, which it updates 
as and when necessary to cope with growth in its size and complexity. The Group’s organisational structure 
and human resources policies are designed to ensure that all areas of its operations are managed and supervised 
effectively by competent and well-qualified staff. Its internal audit function reviews the operation of the Group’s 
internal control systems and reports the results of this review directly to the Audit Committee, which in turn 
reports directly to the Board.

--- Page 200 ---
183
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES
Management
The Bank’s corporate governance philosophy has been developed within the regulations, directives and 
guidelines of the CBO and the CMA (including the Code of Corporate Governance for Public Listed Companies 
issued under circular no. 4.2015 in July 2015 (the “Code”)) and requires that the Board and the executive 
management team shall:

maintain the highest standard of corporate governance and regulatory compliance;

promote transparency, accountability, responsiveness and social responsibility;

conduct their affairs with stakeholders, customers, employees, investors, vendors, government and 
society at large both fairly and in an open manner; and

create an image of the Bank as a legally and ethically compliant entity.
Board
The Board is the highest governing authority within the Bank’s structure and is responsible for overseeing how 
management serves the long-term interests of shareholders and other key stakeholders. There are no executives 
of the Bank who are members of the Board and the predominance of independent directors (as defined in the 
Code) enables the Board to have meaningful discussions and take an unbiased and qualitative view on matters 
placed before it. The Board has overall responsibility for the Bank, and its principal responsibilities include 
policy formulation, the supervision of major initiatives, overseeing policy implementation and formulation, 
ensuring compliance with laws and regulations, nurturing proper and ethical behaviour, transparency and 
integrity in stakeholders’ reporting, approval of commercial and financial policies and the budget and the 
preparation, review and updating of the plans necessary for the accomplishment of the Bank’s aims and 
performance of its activities. The Board also appoints the Bank’s Chief Executive Officer (the “CEO”) and 
certain other officers reporting to him pursuant to the organisational structure of the Bank. It also monitors and 
oversees the actions of the executive management team.
The roles of the Board Chairman and the CEO are separated with a clear division of responsibilities between 
the Board and the executive management team’s responsibility for conducting the day-to-day business of the 
Bank. The Board is responsible for overseeing how management serves the long-term interests of shareholders 
and other key stakeholders.
The Board comprises nine non-executive directors, elected in the annual general meeting of shareholders, as 
noted in the table below. Each member of the Board is elected for a period of three years, which may be renewed 
in accordance with Omani regulation. Its composition is subject to formal approval by the CBO. In line with 
CBO requirements, the Board convenes at least once each quarter. The Board convened nine times in 2022, 
nine times in 2021 and eight times in 2020. The current Board was elected on 22 March 2022.
The table below provides details of the current Board members as at the date of this Base Prospectus.
Name
Position
Sheikh Khalid bin Mustahail Al Mashani
Chairman
Sheikh Ahmed bin Hamed bin Hilal Al Sadi
Deputy Chairman
Mr. Nasser bin Mohamed Salim Al Harthy
Director

--- Page 201 ---
184
Sheikh Said bin Mohammed Al Harthy
Director
Sheikh Saud bin Mustahail Al Mashani
Director
Mr. Khalid Nasser Humaid Al Shamsi
Director
Mr. Sunder George
Director
Dr. Saif bin Salim Al Harthi
Director
Dr. Faisal bin Abdullah bin Shaban Al Farsi(1)
Director
Note:
(1)
Appointed as a Board member in March 2022.
Detailed below is brief biographical information about each member of the Board.
Sheikh Khalid bin Mustahail Al Mashani
Sheikh Khalid bin Mustahail Al Mashani became Chairman of the Board in April 2011 and is the Chairman of 
the Board's Nomination and Compensation Committee. He served as Deputy Chairman of the Board since 
March 1999 until his appointment as Chairman.
Sheikh Khalid bin Mustahail Al Mashani gained a BSc. in Economics in the UK and a Master’s degree in 
International Boundary Studies from the School of Oriental and African Studies at the University of London, 
UK.
Sheikh Ahmed bin Hamed bin Hilal Al Sadi
Sheikh Ahmed bin Hamed bin Hilal Al Sadi has been Deputy Chairman and a member of the Board since 
February 2020 and is a member of the Board’s Risk Committee. He is Director General of Audit at the Royal 
Court Affairs. He is a Chairman of Oman Fixed Income Fund, Chairman of Izdihar Real Estate Fund and Deputy 
Chairman of Nahdha Al Duqum Holding Co. “SAOC”.
Sheikh Ahmed Al Sadi has a Bachelor’s degree in Commerce from Egypt and a Master’s degree in Business 
Administration from Liverpool University, UK.
Mr. Nasser bin Mohammed Salim Al Harthy
Mr. Nasser bin Mohamed bin Salim Al Harthy (a retired Brigadier General) has been a Board member since 
March 2007 and is the Chairman of the Board’s Audit Committee.
During his military service, he held several key positions including Head of Internal Audit, General Manager 
of Organisation and Plans and General Manager of Administration and Human Resources.
Mr. Nasser Al Harthy has a Master’s degree in Military Science from Egypt and a Master’s degree in Business 
Administration from the UK.
Sheikh Said bin Mohammed Al Harthy
Sheikh Said bin Mohammed bin Ahmed Al Harthy has been a Board member since July 2011 and is a member 
of the Board’s Audit Committee.
He is currently the Director General of Support Services at Royal Flight Oman. He is a board member at Oman 
National Investments Development Company (Tanmia), Gulf Chlorine “W.L.L.” Qatar and is Chairman of 
Oman Chlorine Co. “SAOG”.

--- Page 202 ---
185
Sheikh Said Al Harthy gained a Master’s degree in Business Administration from Victoria University, 
Melbourne, Australia as well as a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration (Management) and a Minor in 
Computer Information Systems (CIS) from California State University Stanislaus, USA.
Sheikh Saud bin Mustahail Al Mashani
Sheikh Saud bin Mustahail Al Mashani has been a Board member since March 2013 and is a member of the 
Board’s Risk Committee.
He has been a Director of Marketing and Business Development in Muscat Overseas Group, which is a 
diversified group of companies that has interests in a range of sectors, including the financial, real estate, 
trading, travel, insurance and projects sectors and he joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, International 
Organizations in 2011.
Sheikh Saud Al Mashani holds a Master’s degree in International Diplomacy from the University of East 
Anglia, UK. He graduated in Business Management from Staffordshire University, UK.
Mr. Khalid Nasser Humaid Al Shamsi
Mr. Khalid Nasser Humaid Al Shamsi has been a Board member since October 2015 and is Chairman of the 
Board’s Risk Committee and a member of the Board’s Nomination and Compensation Committee.
Mr. Khalid Al Shamsi has experience varies across public and private assets, real estate and alternative 
investments. He serves on the boards of several publicly listed and private companies and is an executive 
graduate from Harvard Business School and INSEAD Business School.
Mr. Khalid Al Shamsi holds a Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Economics and International Business. He is 
“IDP-C” certified, an internationally recognised directorship programme in corporate governance from 
INSEAD Business School, France. He is also certified in Board Governance by Harvard University and 
Hawkamah Institute of Directors.
Mr. Sunder George
Mr. Sunder George has been a board member since March 2016 and is a member of the Board’s Risk Committee 
and the Board’s Nomination and Compensation Committee. He is an experienced banker and has over 40 years 
of banking experience with more than 36 of those years in Oman.
Mr. Sunder George is an Omani national of Indian origin. He was conferred Omani citizenship in the year 2001 
considering his dedicated services to Oman in general and banking sector in particular.
Mr. Sunder George is a science graduate from Madras University, India and holds an MBA from IMD, 
Lausanne, Switzerland. He is also a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Bankers, London and an Associate of 
the Indian Institute of Bankers. Mr. Sunder George also sits on the Boards of Renaissance Services “SAOG”, 
Halcyon Capital “SAOC”, Oman Fixed Income Fund and Integrated Telecommunication Company (TeO) 
“SAOC”. He is also on the Board of Trustees of Middle East College (Oman).
Dr. Saif bin Salim Al Harthi
Dr. Saif bin Salim Al Harthi has been a Board member since March 2019 and is a member of the Board’s Audit 
Committee. He was an advisor at the Ministry of Defense.
Dr. Saif bin Salim Al Harthi has experience in accounting and financial auditing. He is the Chairman of Al 
Maha Petroleum Products Marketing Co. “SAOG”. He has been a board member of several other joint stock 
companies.
Dr. Saif Al Harthy has a Ph.D. in Human Resource Development and its relationship with intensive 
development in the Sultanate of Oman from Egypt as well as fellowships of the International Arab Society of

--- Page 203 ---
186
Certified Accountants (ASCA) of Jordan and the National Defense College at Nasser Higher Military Academy 
in Egypt. He has a Bachelor’s degree in Military Science from the State of Kansas, USA. He has also completed 
a number of accounting and finance courses including a Higher Diploma in Account Management from the 
University of Oxford, UK.
Dr. Faisal bin Abdullah bin Shaban Al Farsi
Dr. Faisal bin Abdullah bin Shaban Al Farsi has been a member of the Board since March 2022 and is a member 
of the Board’s Audit Committee. Dr. Faisal Al Farsi is currently the General Manager of the Public Authority 
of Social Insurance, a Director of Ooredoo Oman, United GCC Fund and has also been a board member of 
several general joint stock companies.
Dr. Faisal Al Farsi holds a Master’s degree in International Business Law and a PhD in Business and 
Commercial Law.
Board committees
The Board has established three Board committees which are described below. The roles and authority of the 
Board committees are defined and delegated by the Board and are described in each committee’s terms of 
reference under the Board charter. The Board committees submit reports to the Board depending on the nature 
of the tasks assigned to them.
Audit Committee
The main functions of the Audit Committee are to provide assistance to the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities 
of monitoring/overseeing the financial reporting process, the adequacy and effectiveness of the systems of 
internal control, the effectiveness of the audit process and the Bank’s process of complying with the relevant 
laws and regulations. The Audit Committee meets frequently to review the work of the internal audit 
department, challenge the Bank’s management and to assess the overall control environment prevailing in the 
organisation. It reviews the reports presented by internal audit and other bodies in its deliberations and offers 
guidance and direction in the area of risk management, including fraud and related controls.
The members of the Audit Committee are Mr. Nasser bin Mohamed Al Harthy (as Chairman), Sheikh Said bin 
Mohammed Al Harthy, Dr. Saif bin Salim Al Harthi and Dr. Faisal bin Abdullah Al Farsi.
Nomination and Compensation Committee
The Nomination and Compensation Committee is responsible for leading the process for Board and 
management appointments, through the identification and nomination of relevant candidates for Board 
approval, and setting the principles, parameters and governance framework of the Bank’s performance and 
rewards policy.
The members of the Nomination and Compensation Committee are Sheikh Khalid bin Mustahail Al Mashani 
(as Chairman), Mr. Khalid Nasser Al Shamsi and Mr. Sunder George.
Board Risk Committee
Risk management is the overall responsibility of the Board and is managed through the Board’s Risk Committee 
(the “BRC”). The Board reviews and approves risk management strategy and defines the risk appetite of the 
Bank, which is cascaded down to the various business segments. The Board Risk Committee supervises the risk 
management function and ensures that the Bank achieves its business plans in compliance with the risk appetite 
set by the Board. It provides recommendations to the Board on the risk-reward strategy, risk appetite, risk 
policies, capital management and the framework for managing various risks. Its key responsibilities are to:

--- Page 204 ---
187

engage in the formulation of risk policy covering credit, market, liquidity and operational risk and 
protective services with a view to achieving the strategic objectives of the Bank and to ensuring that 
these policies are in compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

review the risk appetite framework and recommend the same for Board approval;

oversee risk policy implementation;

monitor the Bank’s capital, liquidity, profitability and asset quality;

foster transparency and integrity in stakeholder reporting; 

assess the adequacy and effectiveness of the Bank’s risk management practices and risk governance in 
the Bank; and

monitor and ensure adherence to the requirements of the Domestically Systematically Important Banks 
(D-SIB) framework.
The members of the Board Risk Committee are Mr. Khalid Nasser Al Shamsi (as Chairman), Sheikh Ahmed 
bin Hamed Al Sadi, Sheikh Saud bin Mustahail Al Mashani and Mr. Sunder George.
Senior management
The Bank’s senior management team is responsible for day-to-day supervision and control of the Bank’s 
business, particularly with respect to ensuring functionality of compliance and risk control, independence of 
functions, and separation of duties. Business policies, accounting policies, operations procedures and controls 
are documented and communicated through policies and standard operating procedures manuals which cover 
all areas and activities of the Bank. All significant policies are reviewed and approved by the Board.
The Bank’s senior management team comprises:
Name and position
Brief CV
Mr. Waleed K. Al Hashar
Chief Executive Officer
Sheikh Waleed K. Al Hashar is a member of the Board of 
Directors of the College of Banking and Financial Studies, 
Oman Banks Association, Securities and Investment 
Company (SICO) B.S.C, Bahrain and a Member of the 
Board of Trustees of the Royal Academy of Management. 
His experience of over 29 years spans banking as well as 
the oil and gas sectors. Before joining the Bank, he held 
senior positions in a number of leading corporates 
including Petroleum Development Oman and HSBC Bank 
Middle East.
Sheikh Waleed K. Al Hashar joined the Bank in 2004 and 
has since held various senior positions including Group 
General Manager – Corporate Services and Deputy Chief 
Executive Officer. He assumed the role of CEO of the 
Bank in January 2019.
He holds a postgraduate diploma in General Management 
from Harvard Business School as well as a BSc and 
Master’s degree in Business Administration from 
California State University in Sacramento, USA.

--- Page 205 ---
188
Name and position
Brief CV
Mrs. Sheikha Yousuf Al Farsi
Chief Operating Officer
Prior to becoming Chief Operating Officer, Mrs. Sheikha 
Yousuf Al Farsi served as Chief Strategy & Corporate 
Services Officer. Her responsibility covers Strategy 
Management, Information Technology, Operations, 
Credit and Legal, Enterprise Project Management & 
Innovation, 
Human 
Resources, 
Corporate 
Communications and corporate social responsibility and 
Customer Experience. Prior to this role, she served as 
General 
Manager 
- 
Strategy 
and 
Organizational 
Development and Assistant General Manager - Financial 
Control and Strategy at the Bank. She received her BSc in 
Commerce and Economics, majoring in Marketing, from 
the Sultan Qaboos University in 1999. Mrs. Sheikha 
Yousuf Al Farsi holds an MSc in Finance from Bayes 
Business School (formerly known as Cass Business 
School), University of London, UK. She holds a General 
Management Program Certificate from Harvard Business 
School, USA and has also completed the Advanced 
Management Program from INSEAD, France. Before 
joining the Bank, she worked at the Omani Centre for 
Investment Promotion and Export Development (earlier 
known as Ithraa’) as Acting Director General of 
Investment Promotion.
Mr. Ahmed Faqir Al Balushi
Mr. Ahmed Faqir Al Balushi has been with the Bank since 
October 1994.
Chief Banking Officer
He is the Chief Banking Officer of the Bank responsible 
for leading the Corporate Banking, Retail Banking, 
Treasury & Global Financial Institutions (TGFI), Project 
& Structured Finance, and the international branches (in 
Saudi Arabia and Kuwait) of the Bank. Prior to becoming 
the Chief Banking Officer, Mr. Ahmed served as the Chief 
Corporate Banking Officer presiding over the Corporate 
Banking, Project and Structured Finance, Small and 
Medium 
Enterprises, 
and 
Transaction 
Banking 
departments. He has also served as the Deputy General 
Manager (DGM) Human Resources Department and 
before moving back to Oman, he was located in Saudi 
Arabia as the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the 
Bank’s International Businesses.
Mr. T. Ganesh
Mr. T. Ganesh has been with the Bank since March 1997.
Chief Financial Officer
He is responsible for Group Finance and Business 
Planning, Treasury and Investment Operations. In 
addition, he is also responsible for the Investment Banking 
and Asset Management and Enterprise Growth businesses 
of the Bank. Mr. Ganesh has a post-qualification

--- Page 206 ---
189
Name and position
Brief CV
experience of 27 years, out of which 25 years have been 
in the banking industry.
He is a qualified Chartered Accountant (ACA) from the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, Certified 
Management Accountant (CMA) from the Institute of 
Management Accountants, USA and a certified Cost 
Accountant (ICWA) from the Institute of Costs and Works 
Accountants of India. He also holds a postgraduate 
diploma in General Management from Harvard Business 
School.
Mr. Shamzani Md Hussain
General Manager – Meethaq Islamic 
Banking
Mr. Shamzani has 28 years of banking experience in 
various roles across the Asia Pacific region, the Middle 
East and Africa. He has served in a number of 
international and leading financial institutions which 
include HSBC, AIG, FGB and FAB. His professional 
experience in the financial institutions sector covers retail, 
wholesale and Islamic banking. Mr. Shamzani joined the 
Bank in May 2019 as General Manager – Meethaq Islamic 
Banking. He holds a Bachelor’s degree (BBA) in Finance 
as well as a Master’s degree (MBA) in International 
Business and Human Resource Management from the 
University of Miami, Florida, USA.
Management Committees
The Bank’s principal management committees are:
Management Executive Committee
The Management Executive Committee is the highest ranking management committee in the Bank. Its purpose 
is to provide overall leadership and management of the Bank in line with the Bank’s approved strategy, 
managing all business, operational and performance issues and is empowered to take decisions other than where 
authority has been retained by the Board. Its authority has been delegated to it by the CEO.
Management Risk Committee
The purpose of the MRC is to facilitate achievement of the Bank’s strategic objectives within the Board 
approved risk appetite, without exposing the Bank to undue risks or risk concentrations. Specifically, the MRC 
is responsible for ensuring that:

there is an appropriate and effective risk management framework in place;

there is a clear statement of risk appetite at Group level that is translated into more detailed limits and 
measures that govern the acceptance and ongoing management of risks;

there is adequate oversight of the acceptance of credit, operational and market risks at transactional 
and/or customer level to ensure they are within risk appetite, or are approved at the appropriate level if 
not; and

the risk profile of the Bank is within approved risk appetite or that appropriate action is promptly taken 
where this is not the case.

--- Page 207 ---
190
Asset and Liability Committee
The purpose of ALCO is to assist the Bank in consolidated balance sheet planning from a risk-return 
perspective, including the strategic management of interest rate, currency and liquidity risks and the 
determination of the funding strategies necessary to achieve the Bank’s strategic objectives within the Board 
approved risk appetite.
Management Credit Committee
The purpose of the MCC is to approve credit exposures and make credit decisions within the delegated lending 
authority from the Board to the committee in accordance with approved credit and risk policies.
Investment Committee
The Investment Committee oversees the Bank’s activities in relation to proprietary investments in accordance 
with the applicable regulations, the Bank’s internal policies and the Bank’s strategic objectives.
Information Technology Steering Committee
The purpose of the Information Technology Steering Committee is to provide effective IT planning and 
governance for the Bank, ensuring alignment of IT projects, infrastructure, platforms and practices with the 
Bank’s approved strategic priorities and objectives.
Sustainability Committee
The purpose of the Sustainability Committee is to ensure that the Bank incorporates sustainable best practices 
in its core business activities and is an integral part of the corporate culture in terms of contribution to economic 
performance, development from within, empowering community and responsible banking, including corporate 
values.
Innovation Committee
The purpose of the Innovation Committee is to drive the culture of innovation in the Bank through constant 
efforts to encourage and tap into creative solutions to solve a known problem (catch-up) or an unknown problem 
(disruption). It includes sourcing of ideas, evaluation and overseeing implementation of innovative solutions.
Customer Experience Committee
The primary objective of the Customer Experience Committee is to resolve critical issues that impacts customer 
experience in an effective and timely manner and to oversee the overall Customer Experience Strategy 
framework within the Bank.
Operations Committee
The primary objective of the Operations Committee is to establish and periodically review operational risk 
strategy and to foster the culture of delivering operational excellence across operational processes, systems and 
people.
Business addresses and conflicts
The business address of each member of the Board and each member of executive management is P.O. Box 
134, Ruwi Postal Code 112, Sultanate of Oman. No member of the Board or senior management has any 
existing or potential conflict of interest between any duties owed to the Bank and the private interests and/or 
other duties owed by these individuals.

--- Page 208 ---
191
SHARI’A SUPERVISORY BOARD
The Bank’s Shari’a Supervisory Board (“SSB”) is the apex authority in the Shari’a governance system, 
responsible for the oversight and assurance of Shari’a compliance in the Islamic banking sphere reporting 
directly to the Board. The SSB comprises five Islamic finance scholars including three voting members and 
two technical non-voting members with expertise in Islamic contracts, financial transactions, product 
structuring as well as capital markets. The business address of each member of the SSB is P.O. Box 132, Ruwi 
Postal Code 112, Sultanate of Oman.
The SSB comprises five Islamic scholars, as follows:
H.E Dr. Abdullah bin Mubarak Al-Abri – Chairman
Dr. Abdullah Al-Abri is a prominent consultant in Islamic law generally, and Islamic economics and banking 
in particular. He was a professor at many universities, including Sultan Qaboos University, Sharqiyah 
University, and the Faculty of Shari’a Studies – Muscat. He is a certified advocate at the Supreme Court in 
Oman, and a member of the Board of Directors at the Omani Bar Association. He holds a PhD in Economics 
& Islamic banking from Yarmouk University – Jordan, a Master’s degree in Fiqh and its principles from Al-
Bayt University – Jordan, and a Bachelor’s degree in Sharia, from The College of Shari’a Sciences, Oman. 
Since 2018, Dr. Al-Abri has been the Vice Chairman of the Board of Trustees at Al-Bureimi University College 
–Oman. He often appears on legal and Shari’a scholarly platforms locally and globally.
Datuk Prof. Dr. Mohamad Akram bin Laldin – Vice Chairman
Datuk Prof. Dr. Laldin is a leading Shari’a advisor and an eminent professor in Islamic banking, finance and 
capital markets worldwide. He serves the Shari’a advisory board of: The Accounting and Auditing Organization 
for Islamic Financial Institutions (AAOIFI) – Bahrain, HSBC Insurance – Singapore, Energy Bank – Bahrain, 
Bank Negara Malaysia, International Islamic Financial Market (IIFM) – Bahrain, Dubai Islamic Bank– UAE, 
and the Financial Regulation Advisory Council of Experts - Central Bank of Nigeria. He is an Executive 
Director of the International Sharia Research Academy for Islamic Finance (ISRA), and a professor at 
International Center for Education in Islamic Finance (INCEIF). He was an assistant professor at IIUM –
Malaysia and a visiting assistant professor at the University of Sharjah – UAE. He holds a PhD in Islamic Law 
from the University of Edinburgh, Scotland, UK and a Bachelor’s degree in Islamic Jurisprudence & Legislation 
from the University of Jordan.
H.E Prof. Dr. Abdulaziz Khalifah Al Qassar – Member:
Professor Dr. Al-Qassar is a leading worldwide Shari’a advisor in Islamic banking and finance, supervising and 
teaching. He serves as a member of the Shari’a Supervisory Board of a number of banks including: Boubyan 
Bank – Kuwait, Kuwait International Bank – Kuwait, Bank of London and the Middle East (BLME) – London, 
UK, Al Hilal – Islamic window of Ahli United Bank – Bahrain, and Gulf Finance House (GFH) – Bahrain. Dr. 
Al-Qassar was a professor at the Faculty of Shari’a – Department of Comparative Jurisprudence & Shari’a 
Politics – Kuwait University, and an Assistant Dean at the same Faculty. In 1997, he received a PhD in 
Comparative Fiqh from the Faculty of Shari’a & Law, University of Al-Azhar.
H.E Dr. Ahmed Rufai Mohammed – Member:
His Eminence Dr. Rufai is a renowned Shari’a scholar in Islamic jurisprudence with a focus on standardising 
the Islamic finance sector globally. He has been the head of Shari’a Compliance of the International Islamic 
Financial Market (IIFM) – Bahrain for nearly 14 years. Dr. Rufai serves as a Sharia Supervisory Board member

--- Page 209 ---
192
of Meethaq and First Abu Dhabi Bank, as well as a Shari’a advisor to the Crescent Financing Company in 
Hamilton – New Zealand. Dr. Rufai received a PhD in Islamic Law on Transactions & Islamic Insurance from 
the University of Malaya, Malaysia. Prior to that, he gained a Master’s degree in Islamic law from the same 
university, and a Bachelor’s degree in Islamic law from the Islamic University of Madinah, Saudi Arabia.
H.E Waleed bin Sulaiman bin Hamid Al-Qurri – Member:
Sheikh Waleed Al-Qurri is a leading scholar in the field of Islamic Fiqh in Oman, actively serving Islamic 
finance, both banking and Takaful. Since 2013, he has worked as a Fatwa secretary at the Fatwa Office of the 
Ministry of Endowments & Religious Affairs in Oman. He was also a member of the Shari’a Supervisory Board 
of “Oman Takaful” since its incorporation until March 2022, as well as a member of the Bahraini-based Shari’a 
Review Bureau. He obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Islamic Law from the College of Shari’a Sciences, Oman, 
and the Certified Shari’a Advisor & Auditor (CSAA) qualification from AAOIFI – Bahrain. He is currently 
studying for a Master’s degree at the Faculty of Islamic Theology at the Sultan Qaboos University, Oman.
EMPLOYEES
The Bank’s human resources policies are designed to attract, retain and motivate high-calibre, professional, 
skilled and knowledgeable employees. The Bank protects and abides by the rights provided to employees which 
include, but are not limited to: a transparent working environment; employee talent-management schemes; a 
transparent remuneration and compensation structure and access to a whistle blowing policy (which enables 
employees to raise concerns in good faith and confidence directly up to the level of the Chairman).
As at 31 December 2022, the Bank employed 3,973 full-time staff (including overseas staff) compared to 3,896 
full-time staff (including overseas staff) at 31 December 2021.
The Bank is committed to identifying, attracting and developing Omani nationals in its workforce. The Omani 
government’s recommended policy is that 90 per cent. of a bank’s total personnel should consist of Omani 
nationals (“Omanisation”). The Bank’s Omanisation level as at 31 December 2022 was 93.64 per cent. 
compared to 94.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 and it is currently in compliance with all other applicable 
employment regulations.

--- Page 210 ---
193
OMANI BANKING SYSTEM AND PRUDENTIAL REGULATIONS
Capitalised terms that are not defined in this section may be defined under “Presentation of financial and other 
information”.
Overview
The Oman banking system comprises commercial banks, specialised banks (such as Oman Housing Bank, as 
highlighted below), Islamic banks and windows, non-bank finance and leasing companies and money exchange 
establishments. According to the CBO’s website, there are 16 conventional commercial banks, of which seven 
were locally incorporated and nine were branches of foreign banks. In addition, there are two Islamic banks 
(Bank Nizwa SAOG and A1Izz Islamic Bank (S.A.O.C.). The locally incorporated conventional commercial 
banks are the Bank, Bank Muscat SAOG, HSBC Bank Oman SAOG, Oman Arab Bank SAOG, Bank Dhofar 
SAOG, Sohar International Bank SAOG (previously Bank Sohar SAOG) and Ahli Bank SAOG. The largest 
bank by a significant margin is Bank Muscat SAOG, which had approximately RO 12.8 billion (U.S.$33.2 
billion) in assets as at 31 December 2022 (Source: Bank Muscat SAOG consolidated financial statements for 
the year ended 31 December 2022).
As at 31 December 2022, conventional banks in Oman had total deposits of RO 25.9 billion compared to RO 
25.6 billion as at 31 December 2021 and RO 24.2 billion as at 31 December 2020 and total credit of RO 29.2 
billion as at 31 December 2022 compared to RO 27.9 billion as at 31 December 2021 and RO 26.7 billion as at 
31 December 2020 (Source: CBO Monthly Statistical Bulletin December 2022 and December 2021). 
The Oman banking system includes two Government owned specialised banks, namely, Oman Housing Bank 
and Oman Development Bank which were established by the Government to provide long-term financing to 
low and middle income nationals as well as to providing loans to development projects including agriculture, 
fisheries, livestock, tourism and traditional craftsmanship. Interest rates on loans advanced by the two 
specialised banks are subsidised by the Government.
Also, prominent in the sector is a group of five non-bank financial services providers, commonly referred to as 
leasing companies. Leasing companies are regulated by the CBO and engage in leasing, hire purchase, debt 
factoring and similar asset based financing in Oman.
ISLAMIC BANKING
In December 2012, the Banking Law promulgated by Royal Decree 114/2000 (the “Oman Banking Law”) 
was amended by Royal Decree 69/2012 (promulgated on 6 December 2012) to allow the CBO to licence the 
conduct of banks in Oman to carry out Islamic banking business through either fully fledged Islamic banks or 
windows of conventional banks. Oman was the last of the GCC countries to introduce Islamic banking.
The objective behind the introduction of Islamic banking in Oman was to diversify and widen the pool of 
banking products available to retail and corporate customers. Along with an amendment to the Oman Banking 
Law, the IBRF provides detailed and comprehensive guidance on all aspects of Islamic banking. For example, 
the IBRF sets out the requirements for obtaining an Islamic banking licence from the CBO, the various 
accounting and reporting standards that Islamic banks licensed by the CBO are required to comply with as well 
as the supervisory role of the CBO in relation to the various Islamic banking practices and products.
The introduction of Islamic banking in Oman was an important milestone as it added a number of new entrants 
to the banking system enhancing the competitive environment in terms of efficiency and innovation as well as 
providing customers with the benefit of choosing between conventional and Islamic banking products. 
According to CBO’s website, there are two fully-fledged locally incorporated Islamic banks: Bank Nizwa

--- Page 211 ---
194
SAOG and Al Izz Islamic Bank SAOC, which commenced operations in December 2012 and towards the end 
of 2013, respectively. A number of conventional banks, including the Bank, Bank Muscat SAOG and Bank 
Dhofar SAOG have established windows for Islamic banking.
As at 31 December 2022, Islamic banks and windows in Oman had total deposits of RO 4.9 billion compared 
to RO 4.4 billion as at 31 December 2021 and RO 3.8 billion as at 31 December 2020 and total financing of 
RO 5.4 billion compared to RO 4.8 billion as at 31 December 2021 and RO 4.3 million as at 31 December 2020 
(Source: CBO Monthly Statistical Bulletin December 2022 and December 2021).
INTERNATIONAL BANKS
The Foreign Capital Investment Law came into force on 1 January 2020, replacing the Old FCIL. The Foreign 
Capital Investment Law provides for a list of sectors or activities in which foreign investment is prohibited, to 
be issued by a decision of the Minister of Commerce, Industry and Investment Promotion. The Foreign Capital 
Investment Law allows for full foreign ownership of companies and establishments conducting certain 
activities. In December 2020, the MOCIIP issued Ministerial Decision No. 209/2020 determining the list of 
investment activities which foreign investors are prohibited from engaging in. This does not include banking 
activities. According to the CBO’s website, the foreign banks operating in Oman through branches are Standard 
Chartered Bank, Habib Bank Ltd, Bank Melli Iran, Bank Saderat Iran, Bank of Baroda, State Bank of India, 
National Bank of Dhabi Bank (now known as First Abu Dhabi Bank), Bank of Beirut and Qatar National Bank.
BANK REGULATION IN OMAN
The Central Bank of Oman
The CBO was established in the beginning of 1974 and was a result of the steady evolution of the monetary 
system in Oman, coupled with the vast economic development in the country. The two monetary authorities 
which preceded the establishment of the CBO were the Muscat Currency Authority and the Oman Currency 
Board. According to its website, the CBO is responsible for promoting and maintaining monetary and financial 
stability in Oman, as well as for fostering a sound and progressive banking and financial system in the country 
conducive to its sustained economic growth. Monetary stability means stable prices and confidence in the 
currency. Financial stability entails detecting and reducing threats to the financial system as a whole. 
The CBO is also the single integrated regulator of the banking and financial services sector in the country. In 
order to achieve its purposes, the CBO: 

formulates and administers monetary policy to achieve a variety of goals including stable prices, 
growth and employment;

licenses, regulates and supervises commercial banks, specialised banks, financial and leasing 
companies and money exchange companies;

acts as a banker to the Government by providing a full range of banking services for the Government, 
including acceptance of deposits from the Government, lending to the Government to help finance the 
fiscal deficits, running the Government bank account acting as its fiscal agent, public debt 
management, exchange control, and management of foreign exchange reserves of the country;

acts as a banker to the banks by holding deposits from banks operating in Oman, lending them funds 
for short periods, and providing them with a variety of other services including payment systems, 
settlement, and clearing facilities; and

--- Page 212 ---
195

issues the national currency and manages the liquidity in the banking system.
Omani banks are subject to the Oman Banking Law and banking regulations issued by the CBO. Banks are also 
required to comply with (amongst other laws of general application) the Commercial Companies Law, 
promulgated by Royal Decree 18/2019, the Law of Commerce promulgated by Royal Decree 55/1990 (as 
amended), the Oman Labour Law promulgated by Royal Decree 35/2003 (as amended), the Capital Markets 
Law promulgated by Royal Decree 80/98 (as amended) and the Social Insurance Law promulgated by Royal 
Decree 72/1991 (as amended).
Banking laws and regulations
Several regulatory and supervisory initiatives have been implemented by the CBO to develop a competitive and 
sound banking system. Bringing about greater financial inclusion, developing sound risk management systems, 
and broadening prudential norms have been the core of the recent regulatory and supervisory directives issued 
by the CBO. Below is a summary of the main Omani banking laws and regulations:
Capital requirements
Pursuant to CBO Circular BM 1019 issued on 9 April 2007, a minimum paid up capital requirement of RO 100 
million is required to establish a new local commercial bank and a minimum paid up capital requirement of RO 
20 million is required to establish a foreign bank in Oman.
Capital adequacy
The guidelines issued by the CBO require banks operating in Oman to have a robust capital adequacy 
framework which comprises a minimum total capital adequacy ratio of 12.25 per cent. (13.25 per cent. including 
D-SIB) of risk weighted assets. Common equity tier 1 capital should be maintained at a minimum level of 7.0 
per cent. and tier 1 capital at a minimum level of 10.25 per cent. (including D-SIB 11.25 per cent.) of risk 
weighted assets. The NSFR and the LCR are key reforms proposed by the Basel Committee to promote a more 
resilient banking sector. The NSFR requires banks to maintain a stable funding profile in relation to the 
composition of their assets and off balance sheet activities. The NSFR limits overreliance on short-term 
wholesale funding and encourages better assessment of funding risks across all on and off balance sheet items, 
and promotes funding stability. The LCR promotes the short term resilience of the liquidity risk profile of banks 
by ensuring that they have sufficient high quality liquid assets to survive a significant stress scenario lasting 
thirty calendar days. Since 1 January 2018, the standard LCR has been set at a minimum of 100 per cent. in 
Oman. The Bank's NSFR as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 was 118 per cent. and 122 per cent., 
respectively. The Bank's LCR as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 was 219 per cent. and 268 per 
cent., respectively.
The CBO had previously issued norms for a Capital Conservation Buffer and a Countercyclical Capital Buffer 
of 2.50 per cent. each, in alignment with Basel III norms. In March 2020, the Capital Conservation Buffers 
were lowered to 1.25 per cent., as part of stimulus measures in reaction to the COVID-19 pandemic and they 
remain at this level. All commercial banks are currently complying with the Capital Conservation Buffer 
requirement.
The CBO introduced a Prompt Corrective Action framework (“PCA”) in 2005, which makes it mandatory for 
banks to take corrective actions if their total capital adequacy ratio falls below a certain level. The corrective 
actions consist of certain mandatory and discretionary actions that apply to each relevant trigger point set by 
the CBO. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the PCA will be triggered if the total capital adequacy ratio of 
a bank falls below 13 per cent.
Instruments issued in excess of the Basel III limits for recognition will be phased out by 31 December 2022.

--- Page 213 ---
196
Framework for D-SIBs
In January 2015, the CBO issued a framework for D-SIBs which sets out a list of recommendations and 
requirements for banks identified as systemically important in Oman. The framework is based on the 
recommendations of the Basel Committee and requires banks identified as systemically important to comply 
with certain exclusive requirements to prevent their failure. For example, D-SIBs are subject to an enhanced 
capital surcharge (comprised of common equity tier 1 capital) of 1.0 per cent. to 2.5 per cent. (with a potential 
"un-populated" bucket of 3.5 per cent., similar to the calibration under the Basel III framework) of risk-weighted 
assets in increments of 0.5 per cent., based on their relative systemic importance. Further, D-SIBs in Oman are 
required to conduct rigorous stress testing exercises, implement a well-defined crisis management system and 
build a robust recovery and resolution mechanism (which may include the creation of a "resolution fund", 
provisions for inherent bail-in mechanisms, enabling asset sales and taking other measures to ensure depositors 
are protected). Further, D-SIBs are required to submit a vision statement to the CBO outlining their medium 
and long term projections and the strategies they have implemented to address systemic risk. As part of the 
framework, the CBO has also set out measures relating to the enhancement of its supervisory regime and how 
it will work, with D-SIBs more effectively to monitor and assess their ongoing operational and financial 
performance. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the CBO has only designated one bank (which is not the 
Bank) as a D-SIB. The CBO's decision to designate a bank as a D-SIB is, however, subject to ongoing regulatory 
review and the Bank could become subject to such designation by the CBO in the future.
Bank resolution framework
Following the regulatory regime established by the CBO for D-SIBs, on 15 April 2019 the CBO issued a Bank 
Resolution Framework for Oman. The purpose of the framework is to prepare banks for self-propelled recovery 
and, if necessary, allow the relevant authorities to resolve the bank in an orderly way with minimum disruption 
and cost and whilst maintaining financial stability. The Bank Resolution Framework for Oman sets out the 
recovery and resolution regime for the banking sector in Oman including, amongst other things, the conditions 
and triggers for the resolution, rules regarding initiating a resolution, rules relating to the priority of claims and 
recovery and resolution plans. The framework is applicable to all banks designed as D-SIBs by the CBO and 
the CBO at its discretion may apply the framework or any part of it to any other local bank licensed by the 
CBO.
Lending ratio
Pursuant to CBO Circular BM 1051 issued on 23 December 2008 (as amended subsequently), no licensed bank 
in Oman is permitted to lend (whether by loans, discounts, advances or overdrafts and whether secured or 
unsecured) when such lending in aggregate exceeds 92.5 per cent. of the bank’s deposits. Deposits of the bank 
are determined as the sum of a bank’s total demand deposits, saving deposits, time deposits, margin accounts, 
net amounts due to head office or the bank’s own branches abroad, net amount due to other banks abroad and 
capital funds. CBO Circular BM 1155, issued on 20 March 2018, modified the aforementioned circular with 
the effect that local inter-bank positions are now taken into account for lending ratio purposes. Borrowings and 
placements are therefore now included in a bank's deposit base (where such borrowings and placements are 
from other commercial banks) and any lendings and placements made to other commercial banks are reduced 
from its deposit base (for lending ratio purposes).
Reserves against deposits
Pursuant to Article 62 of the Oman Banking Law, all banks operating in Oman are required to maintain a deposit 
with the CBO in an amount which, when added to the aggregate amount of currency and coin, foreign and 
domestic, held by such bank shall be:

--- Page 214 ---
197

not more than 40 per cent. of the total daily amount of all demand and saving deposits made with such 
bank within Oman; and

not more than 30 per cent. of the total daily amount of all time deposits with such bank within Oman.
Pursuant to CBO Circular BM 1050 issued on 23 December 2008, as amended by CBO Circular BM 1143 
issued on 30 March 2016, the percentage of the total amount of reserves against time, savings and demand 
deposits is currently 5 per cent.
Pursuant to CBO Circular BM 1143 issued on 30 March 2016, the reserve maintenance requirement of 5 per 
cent. is now allowed to be kept in the form of Government bonds, sukuks and treasury bills up to a maximum 
of 2 per cent. and the remainder must be kept in the form of a clearing account balance.
Lending limits
To maintain financial stability, the CBO has issued a number of limits and rules with the objective of limiting 
potential losses arising out of excessive concentration of credit risk:
Loans to a single borrower: pursuant to Article 68(b) of the Oman Banking Law, the total direct or contingent 
obligation to any licensed bank by any borrower, other than the Government, shall not exceed 15 per cent. of 
the total net worth of such licensed bank. Article 5 of the Oman Banking Law defines net worth as the aggregate 
amount of the assets less liabilities both within and outside Oman, other than capital and surplus of a licensed 
bank.
Lending to non-residents: Pursuant to CBO Circular BM 1120 issued on 31 March 2014, a bank operating in 
Oman must not lend:

more than 2.5 per cent. of its local net worth to a non-resident borrower and its related parties. Local net 
worth of a licensed bank is the total regulatory capital reduced by exceptional investments under Article 
65(e) of the Banking Law and reduced by the assigned capital for overseas subsidiaries, associates or 
affiliates mandated for deduction from capital as per specific CBO directions (Source: CBO Circular 
BM 988 issued on 31 May 2005);

more than 20 per cent. of its local net worth in aggregate to all non-resident borrowers (other than banks) 
and their related parties; and

more than 30 per cent. of its local net worth in aggregate to all non-resident borrowers (including banks) 
and their related parties
Further, any single credit exposure of U.S.$5 million or above to a non-resident borrower other than a non-
resident bank shall only be undertaken through syndication.
Pursuant to CBO Circular BSD/2018/3 issued on 20 March 2018, the prudential limits for credit exposures and 
placement of bank funds abroad under CBO Circular BM 1120 have been revised to the following limits:
Limits as per BM 1120
Revised Limits
Aggregate credit (funded and non-funded) 
exposure to all non-resident borrowers and 
related parties (both banks and other than 
banks) – limit at 75 per cent. of local net worth
50 per cent. of local net worth of the bank
Total placements with related parties and total 
placements with non-related parties – limit each 
at 75 per cent. of local net worth
50 per cent. of local net worth of the bank

--- Page 215 ---
198
Aggregate placements and credit exposures to 
all related and non-related parties – limit at 75 
per cent. of local net worth
50 per cent. of local net worth of the bank
Banks were also instructed in 2014 to take effective measures in regards to FATCA to identify their target 
customers and obtain their consent for making the necessary disclosures.
Loans to SMEs: In an effort to develop the SME sector in Oman, the Government and the CBO took measures 
towards encouraging prospective entrepreneurs. The CBO directive to banks is to implement a liberal lending 
policy for SMEs and to achieve a minimum of 5 per cent. of their total credit allocation to SMEs (Source: CBO 
Circular BM 1141 issued on 12 January 2016 and CBO Circular BM 1150 issued on 26 April 2017). SMEs are:

micro enterprises, being those which have between one and five employees and an annual turnover of 
less than RO 100,000;

small enterprises, being those which have between six and 25 employees and an annual turnover of 
between RO 100,000 and RO 500,000; and

medium enterprises, being those which have between 26 and 99 employees and an annual turnover of 
between RO 500,000 and RO 3,000,000.
On 10 March 2019, the CBO relaxed the above mentioned 5 per cent. allocation of total credit to SMEs, by 
allowing banks to reckon fund-based credit facilities sanctioned to funds or entities set up for the development 
of SMEs for the purpose of on-lending to and for the promotion of SMEs, as part of a bank's SME lending up 
to a maximum of 1 per cent. of the minimum stipulated 5 per cent. of total credit subject to compliance with 
the requisite due diligence and credit assessment policies (Source: CBO Circular BM 1159 issued on 10 March 
2019).
Loans to directors and senior management: pursuant to Article 68(b) of the Oman Banking Law, the total direct 
or contingent obligation to any licensed bank by a senior member in the management of the licensed bank and 
any related parties shall not exceed 10 per cent. of the amount of the net worth of such licensed bank. The 
aggregate of lending to all senior members and any related parties shall not exceed 35 per cent. of the amount 
of the net worth of the licensed bank.
In addition to imposing a limit on the aggregate lending to directors and senior management, the CBO requires 
banks to remove members of senior management who have doubtful or classified loans with the bank (Source: 
CBO Circular BM 985 issued on 15 February 2005).
Loans secured by real estate: in accordance with Article 68(e) of the Oman Banking Law, a licensed bank 
operating in Oman is not permitted to make any loan secured by real estate when either the total value of real 
estate held by the licensed bank, or the aggregate amount of the outstanding loans against which the real estate 
is held, whichever is lower, exceed 60 per cent. of the net worth of such licensed bank within Oman or 60 per 
cent. of all time and saving deposits, other than Government and inter-bank deposits of such licensed bank, 
whichever is greater.
Ceiling on personal loans and mortgages: pursuant to CBO Circular BM 1109 issued on 23 May 2013 and in 
light of the rise in personal loan indebtedness, the ceiling imposed on the aggregate of personal loans banks 
may advance is currently 35 per cent. of total credit whilst mortgages continue to have a ceiling of 15 per cent. 
of total credit. Pursuant to CBO Circular BDD/CBS/CB/2017/3950 issued on 30 August 2017, conventional 
banks are constrained by a 15 per cent. limit on total credit in relation to housing loans and a 35 per cent. limit 
in relation to non-housing loans. Such limits are set independently for Islamic banking windows.

--- Page 216 ---
199
As per CBO Circular ref. IBD/IBEs/2019/503 dated 30 December 2019, Islamic banks and windows were 
permitted a combined maximum housing and non-housing personal finance limit of 50 per cent. of total finance 
until 31 December 2021 with the limit thereafter being 35 per cent.
Bank Credit and Statistics Bureau
The BCSB is a centralised statistical bureau maintained by the CBO. Amongst other things, the primary function 
of the BCSB is to collect and synthesise financial information on current and prospective borrowers, guarantors 
and account holders as well as connected counterparties of licensed banks. The BCSB is responsible for 
providing reports to licensed banks with the objective of facilitating the smooth functioning of the credit market. 
Banks and finance companies operating in Oman must report credit and financial information of any current or 
prospective borrower or guarantor and its related parties on a monthly basis.
On 8 May 2019, the OCFIC law was issued establishing the Oman Credit and Financial Information Center 
(the “OCFIC”, also known as Mala'a). The OCFIC has financial and administrative independence and is 
supervised by the CBO. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, OCFIC has become operational and has 
fully replaced the BCSB. Pursuant to the OCFIC Law, the board of governors of the CBO are mandated 
with the task of issuing the implementing regulations to the OCFIC Law, but these are yet to be 
issued.Loan loss provisioning
The CBO has directed banks to have appropriate systems to classify loans on the basis of well-defined credit 
weaknesses and to have robust provisioning in place. Pursuant to CBO Circular BM 977 issued on 25 September 
2004, Non Performing Loans should be classified as either standard, special mention, substandard, doubtful or 
loss depending on the number of days the credit has been overdue.
This circular provides that any proposed settlement for less than full value of delinquent debt of directors or 
management requires the prior approval of the CBO. Loans in arrears for more than 90 days are classified as 
non-performing. Of these, banks have to provide 25 per cent., 50 per cent. and 100 per cent. against loans 
classified as sub-standard, doubtful and loss, respectively. In addition to specific provisions for classified loans, 
banks are required to create general loan loss provisions, at a minimum of 1 per cent. of their corporate loans 
which are categorised as “Standard” and “Special Mention”. Further, a minimum general loss provision of 2 
per cent. of personal loans categorised as “Standard” and “Special Mention” must be maintained by all banks 
operating in Oman.
IFRS 9 reporting
The International Accounting Standards Board issued IFRS 9 in July 2014 and it became effective on 1 January 
2018. The three phases of IFRS 9 are: (i) classification and measurement of financial assets; (ii) impairment; 
and (iii) hedging. The CBO issued Circular BM 1149 on implementation of IFRS 9 on 13 April 2017, which 
aimed to promote consistency and comparability in reporting across Omani banks, provide a robust alternate 
while replacing existing prudential norms under CBO Circular BM 977, and set out management’s 
responsibilities and requirements for board approved IFRS 9 policies, policy deviation reporting and norms for 
creating a regulatory impairment reserve.
The CBO Circular BM 1149, which follows on from BM Circular 977, states that banks should concurrently 
compute the total provisions for impairment as required by the existing guidelines on provisioning for non-
performing and restructured loans. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank has complied, and will 
comply, with the dual track of IFRS 9 and BM Circular 977. In accordance with the dual track, if the total 
provisions required under BM Circular 977 are higher than IFRS 9 requirements, the excess is transferred to 
the IFRS 9 special impairment reserve from retained earnings and this special impairment reserve is not eligible 
for distribution nor for capital recognition.

--- Page 217 ---
200
Bank deposit insurance scheme
Pursuant to Royal Decree No 9/1995 promulgating the law of Banking Deposit Insurance System (as amended), 
a bank deposit insurance scheme was established by the CBO. The objectives of establishing the bank deposit 
insurance scheme are to provide comprehensive deposit insurance cover, sustain public confidence in the 
financial soundness of the banking system and to assist banks in financial difficulty. Deposits placed by a natural 
or juristic person with any bank operating in Oman are protected by the deposit insurance scheme up to an 
amount of RO 20,000. The deposits covered by the scheme include saving deposits, current deposits, temporary 
deposits, time deposits, Government deposits and any other deposits of the same nature.
Banks in Oman are required to register with the bank deposit insurance scheme and to pay an annual insurance 
premium of 0.05 per cent. of annual average deposits to the CBO to support this system.
Loan and interest rate ceilings
As a result of the rising level of individual loan indebtedness, the CBO imposed an aggregate quantitative 
ceiling on personal loans and mortgages. A debt service ratio has been capped at 50 per cent. of net salary 
receipts on personal loans and 60 per cent. on mortgages. Further, banks in Oman are only permitted to advance 
personal loans (other than mortgages) after 24 months of satisfactory conduct of an existing loan or after 50 per 
cent. of an existing loan is repaid (Source: CBO Circular 1094 issued on 23 May 2012).
In light of the global decline in interest rate trends, the CBO decided to reduce the interest rate ceiling on 
personal loans and mortgages from 7 per cent. to 6 per cent. with effect from October 2013. The CBO requires 
banks in Oman to treat the 6 per cent. ceiling as the maximum and not an entitlement. Banks in Oman are 
encouraged to offer competitive rates consistent with international market forces and to ensure the flow of credit 
to all sectors including agriculture, industry and SMEs (Source: CBO Circular BM 1112 issued on 2 October 
2013).
Maturity mismatch ceiling
Pursuant to CBO Circular BSD/2018/2 issued on 20 March 2018, cumulative gaps in rial, U.S. dollars and other 
currencies have been revised from the limits set originally in Circular BM 955 dated 7 May 2003 and may not 
exceed the following limits of a bank’s cumulative liabilities in each of the five designated time bands. These 
revised limits took effect on 1 August 2022: 
Time Band 
Limits as per CBO Circular BSD/2018/2
Up to one month 
15 per cent. 
1-3 months
15 per cent.
3-6 months
20 per cent. 
6-9 months
30 per cent.
9-12 months 
30 per cent. 
Banks may fix their own limits on mismatches for time bands greater than one year. 
Investment criteria
Article 65 of the Oman Banking Law sets out the general credit and investment powers of banks as follows. A 
domestic bank may:

purchase, sell, accept or negotiate: items and bonds, notes, debentures, treasury bills, bonds issued by 
the Government, written securities guaranteed by the Government and tangible and intangible property.

--- Page 218 ---
201
In accordance with CBO Circular BM 938 issued on 13 May 2002, as amended by CBO Circular BM 
1144 issued on 12 April 2016, the total aggregate value of a bank’s investment in the Government 
development bonds must not exceed 45 per cent. of the bank’s net worth;

receive upon deposit or for safekeeping, money, securities, papers of any kind or any other personal 
property;

open accounts with the CBO, and utilise the CBO as a clearing house;

open accounts with other local or overseas banks;

purchase, hold and sell for its own account bonds, notes, debentures and other evidences of an obligation 
for the payment of money provided that such obligations are not in default at the time of acquisition by 
the bank and that the aggregate value of such investments does not exceed 10 per cent. of the net worth 
of the bank and that any investment in a particular security does not exceed 5 per cent. of the net worth 
of the bank. Investments in companies domiciled outside Oman should not exceed 25 per cent. of the 10 
per cent. ceiling mentioned above;

purchase, hold and sell for its own account securities issued or guaranteed by the Government or any 
foreign government provided that such securities are publicly traded and have a maturity period of not 
more than 90 days. Investment in shares and securities if the corporation is formed by the Government 
should not exceed 5 per cent. of the net worth of the bank;

purchase, hold and sell for its own account shares and securities of corporations domiciled in or outside 
Oman provided that such investment, if made in related companies or other licensed banks has been 
approved by the CBO, and that any such investment in a particular security does not exceed 5 per cent. 
of the shares of such corporation and that all such investments by the bank do not exceed 20 per cent. of 
net worth of the bank. Further, investment in companies domiciled outside Oman should not exceed 25 
per cent. of the 20 per cent. ceiling mentioned above; and

purchase, hold and sell for its own account, foreign currency or other monetary assets in the form of 
cash, bullion, gold and any other metal utilised as a monetary asset.
Banks operating in Oman are required to strictly adhere to the investment limitations provided for in Article 65 
of the Oman Banking Law. The CBO expects banks to be reasonably conservative in investment decisions and 
to appropriately balance any risks associated with such investments. In addition, the CBO directs banks to 
implement a comprehensive investment policy approved by the bank’s board of directors and to submit such 
policy to the CBO (Source: CBO Circular BM 958 issued on 5 August 2003).
Foreign exchange trading
Pursuant to CBO Circular BM 341 issued on 10 March 1982, banks are permitted to take total foreign exchange 
positions, defined as the aggregate of all overbought and oversold positions, of up to 40 per cent. of the bank’s 
capital and reserves in Oman. The limit applies to all foreign currencies without exception. Banks in Oman are 
required to submit data to the CBO which shows their foreign exchange positions on a monthly basis. 
Specialised banks and leasing companies are not permitted to take positions in foreign exchange.
Future transactions in foreign exchange and commodity hedging products
Banks in Oman are not permitted to offer any complex derivative products such as target redemption forwards, 
range accruals or any other similar structures which result in unlimited downside risk to the bank's customer. 
Plain vanilla derivative products can be offered for hedging purposes and banks are required to ensure that 
derivative transactions are not used for speculative purposes. Further, in undertaking hedging products, banks 
are required to assess the overall hedging undertaken by the customer and to ensure that the total notional

--- Page 219 ---
202
amount of derivative transactions is not more than the notional amount of the underlying exposure (Source: 
CBO Circular BM 545 issued on 3 December 1989, CBO Circular BM 546 issued on 13 December 1989, CBO 
BM 845 issued 24 June 1998 and CBO Circular BM 1006 issued on 9 June 2006).
Exchange control and foreign exchange rates
The CBO is responsible for Omani exchange rate and monetary policy. Since 1986 a stable exchange rate has 
been maintained between the rial and the U.S. dollar through the rial being pegged to the U.S. dollar (RO 1 = 
U.S.$ 2.6008). There are no exchange controls (other than in relation to the Israeli currency) and capital may 
move freely to and from Oman.
Anti-money laundering
Banks in Oman are required to adhere to the provisions of the Law on Combating Money Laundering and 
Terrorism Financing promulgated by Royal Decree 30/2016 (the “AML Law”). The AML Law sets out the 
obligations of financial institutions, including banks, in relation to anti-money laundering and combating the 
financing of terrorism. The obligations banks are required to adhere to include amongst other things, identifying 
and verifying customers based on reliable and independent sources and data issued by official authorities, 
establishing and verifying the identity of any person acting on behalf of a customer of the bank, establishing 
the identity of true beneficiaries and updating the relevant authority with such information. The AML Law 
further requires banks to adopt a risk management system to determine whether a particular customer poses any 
risk and, in such event, the bank is required to obtain senior management approvals and take appropriate 
measures to determine the source of the customer's funds before establishing a business relationship with such 
customer. The AML Law further sets out the penalties applicable in the event of the failure of a bank to adhere 
to any of the obligations set out in the AML Law.
Oman is also party to bilateral and multilateral treaties for cooperation and interactions in respect of anti-money 
laundering. Oman co-operates with the Financial Action Task Force and the MENA Financial Action Task 
Force Mutual Evaluations, resulting in the identification of areas requiring improvement. The CBO monitors 
licensed institutions through periodical reports and on-site examinations.
Other Oman Banking Law requirements
The Oman Banking Law imposes, among other things, the following requirements:
Regular reports: Pursuant to Article 72 of the Oman Banking Law, each licensed bank must submit to the CBO 
an annual report, audited by independent auditors, and certain interim reports and monthly reports as prescribed 
from time to time by the regulations of the CBO. These reports must be accurate and must include, but not be 
limited to, information reflecting the financial condition both within and outside Oman of that bank, showing 
in detail the assets and liabilities of the bank, the amount of domestic and foreign currency held by such bank 
and the amount, nature and maturities of all items and instruments, securities and other investments owned or 
held by such bank, to the extent that such information is related to the conduct of banking business, both within 
and outside Oman. In addition, licensed foreign banks must file copies of reports prepared within Oman for 
submission to banking authorities which have jurisdiction over them and which reflect the aggregate financial 
condition of all operations of the licensed bank.
Real and personal property and secured transactions: Pursuant to Article 66 of the Oman Banking Law, a 
bank operating in Oman may purchase, acquire or hold, lease or otherwise convey real and personal property 
which has been conveyed to it in satisfaction of debts previously contracted in the normal course of banking 
business, which it has acquired at sale under judgment decrees or as the result of foreclosure sales and

--- Page 220 ---
203
mortgages. However, all real property acquired by the bank or which has been transferred to it in these ways 
must be sold or otherwise disposed of by the bank within 12 months of the date of acquisition.
Omanisation of personnel in banking sector
With the objective of raising job opportunities for Omanis, the CBO requires all banks operating in Oman to 
achieve an Omanisation ratio of at least 90 per cent. and 80 per cent. in relation to their senior management.
Foreign banks may be exempt from achieving the Omanisation quota in relation to their chief executive officer 
and/or country managers. All banks operating in Oman are required to provide adequate training to Omani 
employees (Source: CBO Circular BM 1105 dated 31 March 2013 and CBO Letter BDD/CBS/CB/2018/1888 
issued on 8 April 2018).
A new banking Law
It has been announced that the CBO is currently reviewing a draft of a new banking law which is currently 
under the process of legislative procedures. The new banking law is expected to take into account current and 
emerging trends and developments in the banking and financial services industry. The draft has not been issued 
to the public. There is currently no announced timing for the release of the draft law.

--- Page 221 ---
204
OVERVIEW OF OMAN
INTRODUCTION
Oman is the second largest country by geographical area among the states of the GCC region, after Saudi 
Arabia. It is spread over 309,500 square kilometres and has a 3,165 kilometre coastline. It is strategically placed 
at the mouth of the Arabian Gulf. It is divided into 11 main governorates: Muscat, Musandam, Al Buraimi, Al 
Dakhiliyah, Al Batinah North, Al Batinah South, Al Sharqiyah North, Al Sharqiyah South, Al Dhahirah, Al 
Wusta and Dhofar. The governorate of Musandam is an exclave of Oman, separated from the rest of Oman by 
the UAE. The governorates are subdivided into a total of 61 provinces or Wilayats. Muscat is the political and 
business capital. Other prominent cities are Salalah, Sohar, Sur, Nizwa and Khasab (Source: NCSI Statistical 
Year Book 2022, Issue 50). Arabic is the national and official language, but the use of English is widespread, 
especially in business transactions.
His Majesty Sultan Haitham bin Tarik rules the country through Royal decrees. The Basic Statute of the State, 
also called the Basic Statute of the State, also called the Basic Law as promulgated by Royal Decree 6/2021 
(the “Basic Law”), codifies some of the basic rights of both citizens and the government and effectively serves 
as the Constitution of Oman. The Basic Law was originally enacted in 1996, and was subsequently amended 
and restated by His Majesty Sultan Haitham bin Tarik on 11 January 2021 through Royal Decree 6/2021.
The administrative system of the state comprises the Diwan of the Royal Court, the Council of Ministers and 
the Council of Oman (Majlis Oman). The Council of Oman is a consultative council of two chambers. The 
upper chamber, the State Council (or the Majlis Al Dawla), has advisory powers only and its members are 
appointed by His Majesty Sultan Haitham bin Tarik. Members of the lower chamber, the Consultative council 
(or the Majlis Al Shura), are elected for a term of four years. The most recent elections for Majlis Al Shura took 
place in October 2019. On 11 January 2021, Royal Decree 7/2021 promulgating the Council of Oman Law was 
issued, which implements a new law to replace Royal Decrees 86/97 (regarding the Council of Oman), 87/97 
(promulgating the internal regulations of the State Council) and 88/97 (promulgating the internal regulations of 
the Consultative (A’Shura) Council). This new law sets out the competencies of the Council of Oman, its 
membership requirements and the rights and obligations of the members, as well as establishing new regulations 
for both chambers. 
A census is held in Oman every ten years, with the last census conducted in 2020. As at 30 June 2022, the total 
population of Oman was estimated by the NCSI to be approximately 4.7 million, of which 2.8 million were 
Omani nationals and 1.9 million were expatriates. The population of Oman is relatively young. The United 
States Central Intelligence Agency World Factbook (as updated on 22 September 2022) indicated that the 
population’s median age was 26.2 years. A key target of Government policy is providing adequate employment 
opportunities for its young national population.
The majority of the population is Muslim, with small minorities of Christians, Hindus and Jews also present. 
Arabic is Oman’s national and official language, but the use of English is widespread, especially in business 
transactions. Oman pursues an independent foreign policy with the aim of fostering good relations with its 
neighbours and other countries and has a non-confrontational and pragmatic approach to foreign relations. 
Oman has been a member of the United Nations since 1971. Oman became a member of the International 
Monetary Fund and the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development in 1971. Oman also became a 
member of the World Trade Organisation in 2001.
Oman joined the Arab League in 1971 and the Organisation of the Islamic Conference in 1972. It became a 
member of the Non-Aligned Movement in 1973. It is a founder member of the GCC, which also includes Saudi 
Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain, the UAE and Qatar. While Oman is not a member of OPEC, as the other members of 
the GCC are, Oman is a member of the GCC’s Permanent Committee for Petroleum Cooperation.

--- Page 222 ---
205
Oman's economic development is coordinated through a series of five-year development plans within the 
framework set out by longer-term plans. In particular Vision 2040 lays out Oman's long-term fiscal plan. This 
is implemented by a series of five-year fiscal plans, and medium term fiscal plans. Each five-year development 
plan sets forth the parameters within which annual national budgets are determined (including the permitted 
level of budget deficits and level of withdrawals from the general reserves to meet such deficits). Withdrawals 
from reserves exceeding budgeted amounts must be specifically authorised by Royal Decree. A principal goal 
of the five-year development plans is the diversification of Oman's economy, focusing on (a) manufacturing; 
(b) transportation and logistics; (c) tourism, hotels and restaurants; (d) fisheries; and (e) mining, in the medium 
term. Oman is currently in its tenth five-year economic development plan of strategy which covers the period 
from 2021 to 2025. The tenth five-year plan envisages a continued drive towards the diversification of the 
Omani economy away from hydrocarbons and into infrastructure and other developments, under the guidance 
of specialist committees.
Key Government reforms implemented in recent years to support the progress of the primary Vision 2040 plan 
include:(i) Vision 2020, a secondary long-term development strategy with an emphasis on diversification and 
investment in non-oil and gas industries and services; and (ii) tertiary short-term projects referred to as 'Five-
Year Plans' which are also designed to aid the diversification of the economy by increasing expenditure on key 
infrastructure projects, such as developing the country's ports. The current Five-Year Plan is termed the Tenth 
Five-Year Plan for 2021 to 2025, which will be part of Vision 2040.
In September 2020, Royal Decree 100/2020 was issued, which provides for the establishment of the Oman 
Vision 2040 Implementation Follow-Up Unit, consolidating the Implementation Support and Follow-Up Unit 
and the Directorate General for Following-Up Government Services in the Secretariat General of the Council 
of Ministers.
The Government announced a medium-term fiscal plan ("MTFP") to cover the years 2020 to 2024, with the 
objective of "achieving fiscal balance in the medium-term". The MTFP effectively provides for the financial 
framework of Oman's Vision 2040, and is intended, among other things, to support economic growth and 
diversify sources of Government revenues, in the face of the impact felt on the national economy as a result of 
the mid-2020 oil price crisis and the COVID-19 pandemic. Some of the measures mentioned in the MTFP 
include the introduction of VAT (which took place in April 2021) and personal income tax, as well as an 
overhaul of Government fees for services and subsidy reforms, and the encouragement of tourism through visa 
exemptions granted to citizens from certain countries.
RATINGS
The long-term foreign and local currency sovereign ratings assigned to Oman are:

Ba3 (positive outlook) by Moody’s in October 2022;

BB (positive outlook) by Standard & Poor’s in March 2023; and 

BB (stable outlook) by Fitch in August 2022. 
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW
According to the NCSI, Oman’s nominal GDP was RO 33.9 billion in 2021, RO 29.2 billion in 2020 and RO 
33.9 billion in 2019.
The decrease in Oman’s nominal GDP in 2020 compared to 2019 was driven by a 26.3 per cent. decrease in 
hydrocarbon sector activities (principally reflecting the impact of low oil prices for much of 2020 as a result of 
the restrictions imposed worldwide to combat the COVID-19 pandemic), and to a lesser extent by a 7.8 per

--- Page 223 ---
206
cent. decrease in non-hydrocarbon sector activities. In 2021, Oman's nominal GDP grew by 16.2 per cent., 
reflecting a 33.1 per cent. increase in hydrocarbon activities (as oil prices recovered) and an 8.4 per cent. 
increase in non-hydrocarbon activities (as the economy recovered from the impact of COVID-19 in 2020).
Despite its diversification efforts, Oman’s economy continues to be dominated by oil and gas activities, which 
accounted for 30.3 per cent. of nominal GDP during 2021 as compared to 26.5 per cent. of nominal GDP during 
2020 and 31.0 per cent. of nominal GDP during 2020.
ANNUAL INDICATORS
The following table sets out the major macroeconomic indicators for Oman for the years indicated based on the 
NCSI Statistical Year Book 2020:
2021
2020
2019
Nominal GDP (RO millions)
33,9
09.8
29,1
87.2
33,8
59.4
Nominal GDP growth rate (per cent.)..............
16.2
(13.8)
(3.8)
Sultanate CPI Inflation Rate (per cent.)
1.5
(0.9)
0.1
Note:
(1)
The GDP data for 2021 and 2020 is provisional.

--- Page 224 ---
207
TAXATION
The following is a general description of current tax law and practice in Oman (“Omani Tax Law”) and certain 
other tax considerations under EU and U.S. law, in each case relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a 
complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or elsewhere. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws could be 
relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other 
amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This 
summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in 
law that may take effect after such date.
Omani Tax Law
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in effect in Oman as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes of law occurring after such date. The following is a summary only 
of the material Omani tax consequences of ownership of the Notes by beneficial owners which are not 
incorporated in or who are not residents of Oman for Omani tax purposes and do not conduct business activities 
in Oman. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations and is not intended to reflect the individual tax position of any beneficial owner, which may be 
relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax 
consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. This 
summary is based upon laws, regulations, rulings and decisions now in effect, all of which are subject to change. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their acquiring, holding, and disposing of Notes, including in particular the effect of any local 
laws.
Withholding Taxes in Oman
There is a withholding tax levy on certain payments, as provided by the Omani Tax Law. Under Article 52 of 
the Omani Tax Law, as amended by Sultani Decree 9/2017 which came into force on 27 February 2017 (the 
“2017 Tax Amendments”) and Ministerial Decision 14/2019 which came into force on 11 February 2019 (the 
“2019 Tax Amendments”), withholding tax is payable on the following categories of income accrued in Oman:
(a)
royalties;
(b)
consideration for research and development;
(c)
consideration for the use or the right to use computer software;
(d)
fees for management or performance of services; and
(e)
interest or dividend distributions by joint stock companies and mutual funds (not limited liability 
companies).
Withholding tax payable on interest or dividend distributions was temporarily suspended by the Ministry of 
Finance for a period of three years with effect from 6 May 2019. Further withholding applicable on dividend 
and interest payments to foreign persons is suspended for a period of five (5) years starting from 2020 according 
to the Economic Stimulus Plan (ESP) announced by the Ministry of Finance. Further, recently on the occasion 
of Accession Day (11 January 2023), a Royal Order was issued mandating the cessation of withholding on 
dividends and interest payments to non-residents. However, further guidelines on whether this cessation is 
perpetual is yet to be issued.

--- Page 225 ---
208
The term “interest”, as used in Article 52 of the Omani Tax Law, has been defined in the 2019 Tax Amendments 
to include any amounts obtained through debt, advances or any arrangement of financial nature, with or without 
guarantee or profit share and includes income accrued from bonds, instruments and amounts obtained as a 
compensation on interest. There is no precise definition of “management fee” and it is not clear whether 
management fees would include any arrangement fee, commitment fee or agency fee. The 2017 Tax 
Amendments state that any of the payments in paragraphs (a) to (e) above made to foreign persons relating to 
services or any part thereof rendered in Oman will be subject to withholding tax deductions.
Withholding tax is levied on the gross amount of the above categories of income paid or credited to the account 
of any non-resident person as specified in Article 40 of the Omani Tax Law (being foreign companies that do 
not have a permanent establishment in Oman and those that carry on business through a permanent 
establishment but do not include the accrued income in the gross income of that permanent establishment). 
Companies in Oman making payment to foreign based companies of the nature specified above are obliged to 
deduct withholding tax at source at the rate of 10 per cent. on the gross amount paid or credited and to remit it 
to the Secretariat General for Taxation. The 2017 Tax Amendments also extend the requirement to deduct 
withholding tax payable pursuant to Article 52 to any ministry, authority, public institution or other public 
juristic person or unit of the administrative apparatus of Oman.
Should withholding tax be applied to arrangement, agency or commitment fees, any contractual provision which 
provides for a gross up will protect against the withholding.
The 2019 Tax Amendments exclude the following interest payments from withholding tax: 

Interest paid on amounts deposited in banks located in Oman.

Returns on bonds and sukuk issued by the government or banks located in Oman.

The benefits of transactions and facilities between banks for the purpose of providing and managing 
liquidity or financing, where the term for repayment of the debt does not exceed five years.
In view of the above, it is understood that payment under the Notes to a Noteholder outside Oman by banks in 
Oman will not attract withholding tax. However, the Secretariat General for Taxation would be the ultimate 
authority to determine whether these payments would attract withholding tax. 
With regards to any such withholding and/or deduction made on account of withholding tax payable in respect 
of payments under the Notes, Condition 15 (Taxation) provides that the Issuer is required to pay such additional 
amounts in respect of such withholding or deduction in certain circumstances such that the Noteholders will 
receive the full amount which would have otherwise been receivable by them in the absence of such withholding 
or deduction. 
Capital Gains Taxes in Oman
Under the Omani Tax Law, gains on the sale or redemption of the Notes made by Noteholders who are tax 
payers in Oman will be subject to a tax of 15 per cent. of the annual taxable profits of the tax payers, if such 
income forms part of the business profits and the Noteholders are not exempted otherwise under the Omani Tax 
Law.
Other Taxes in Oman
No stamp, issue, registration fees or similar direct or indirect taxes or duties will be payable in Oman in 
connection with the issuance, delivery, or execution of the Notes by the Issuer.

--- Page 226 ---
209
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as “FATCA”, a 
“foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions 
of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be 
required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application 
of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would 
ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, proposed regulations have been issued that provide 
that such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed 
regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until 
the issuance of final regulations. Additionally, Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the 
date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed 
with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date. However, if additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents 
may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result 
of the withholding.

--- Page 227 ---
210
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Barclays Bank PLC, Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Emirates 
NBD Bank PJSC, First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC, HSBC Bank plc, Mizuho International plc, MUFG Securities 
EMEA plc, Société Générale and Standard Chartered Bank (the “Dealers”). The arrangements under which 
Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in an 
amended and restated Dealer Agreement dated 12 April 2023 (the “Dealer Agreement”) and made between 
the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and 
conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the obligations of the Dealers to subscribe for the Notes are subject to 
certain conditions precedent. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of 
appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes.
United States of America
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms.
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder.
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering of 
the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche and the closing date (the “Resale Restriction Termination Date”) 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons, and such Dealer will have sent to 
each dealer to which it sells Notes prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. Persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S.
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which

--- Page 228 ---
211
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes 
of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies the 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the 
European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in relation thereto to the 
public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State:
(a)
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation;
(b)
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the 
Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council.
United Kingdom
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes:

--- Page 229 ---
212
(a)
 a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR; or 
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, and
(b)
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
Public Offer Selling Restrictions under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies the 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in relation thereto to the 
public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom:
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes and the 
expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA.
Other Regulatory Restrictions
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:
(a)
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their

--- Page 230 ---
213
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer;
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
Sultanate of Oman 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been filed with or registered as a prospectus with the CMA 
pursuant to Article 28 of the Securities Law Royal Decree 46/2022 (Article 28), and the Notes will not be 
offered or sold as a public offer of securities in Oman as contemplated by the Oman Commercial Companies 
Law or Article 28, nor does the Base Prospectus or the issue or offering of the Notes constitute a sukuk offering 
pursuant to the Sukuk Regulation issued by the CMA (CMA Decision 3/2016).
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes to be issued under the Programme and this Base Prospectus have 
not and will not be offered, sold or distributed by it to any person in Oman and no invitation to subscribe for or 
to purchase the Notes has been or will be made, directly or indirectly by it, unless: (A) (i) the provisions of the 
Securities Law of Oman (Royal Decree 46/2022), and the Executive Regulations (issued pursuant to Decision 
1/2009 as amended) (to the extent that the applicable regulations are not inconsistent with the Securities Law) 
are observed, and (ii) the prior consent of the CMA is obtained; or (B) the Dealer is duly licensed to market the 
Notes in Oman.
The information contained in the Base Prospectus neither constitutes a public offer of securities in Oman as 
contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 18/2019 as amended) or the 
Securities Law of Oman (Royal Decree 46/2022), nor does it constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of 
any offer to buy, Non-Omani securities in Oman as contemplated by Article 139 of the Executive Regulations 
to the Capital Market Law (issued pursuant to Decision 1/2009 as amended).
Kingdom of Bahrain
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell any Notes except on a 
private placement basis to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are “accredited investors”.
For this purpose, an “accredited investor” means:
(a)
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or more 
(excluding that person’s principal place of residence);
(b)
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available for 
investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; 
(c)
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a state 
organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension fund); or
(d)
any other entity which is an “accredited investor” as defined in the Central Bank of Bahrain Rulebook.

--- Page 231 ---
214
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of the 
Notes. Any Saudi Investor who acquires any Notes pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Notes 
is a private placement under Article 8 of the “Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations” as 
issued by the CMA resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 December 2017, as amended by the CMA 
resolution number 8-5-2023 dated 18 January 2023 (the “KSA Regulations”), made through a capital market 
institution licensed to carry out arranging activities by the CMA and following a notification to the CMA under 
Article 10 of the KSA Regulations.
The Notes may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia other than 
to “institutional and qualified clients” under Article 8(a)(1) of the KSA Regulations or by way of a limited offer 
under Article 9, or as otherwise required or permitted by, the KSA Regulations. Each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that any offer of the Notes made by it to a Saudi Investor will be made in compliance with Article 10 and either 
Article 8(a)(1) or Article 9 of the KSA Regulations.
Each offer of Notes shall not therefore constitute a “public offer”, an “exempt offer” or a “parallel market offer” 
pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market activity under Article 
14 of the KSA Regulations. 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre)
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, 
directly or indirectly, any Notes in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), except (i) in 
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre); 
and (ii) through persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide investment advice and/or 
engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in the State of Qatar (including the 
Qatar Financial Centre). This Base Prospectus: (i) has not been, and will not be, registered with or approved 
by, the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange or the Qatar 
Financial Centre Regulatory Authority and may not be publicly distributed in the State of Qatar (including the 
Qatar Financial Centre); (ii) is intended for the original recipient only and must not be provided to any other 
person; and (iii) is not for general circulation in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) and 
may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre)
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes to be issued under the Programme have not been and will not be 
offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates other than in compliance 
with any laws applicable in the United Arab Emirates governing the issue, offering and sale of securities.
Dubai International Financial Centre
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme to any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is:
(i)
an “Exempt Offer” in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT Module) of the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the “DFSA”) rulebook; and
(ii)
made only to persons who meet the professional client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the Conduct of 
Business Module of the DFSA rulebook.

--- Page 232 ---
215
State of Kuwait
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes to be issued have not been and will not be offered, marketed 
and/or sold by it in the State of Kuwait, except through a licensed person duly authorised to undertake such 
activity pursuant to Law No. 7 of 2010 Concerning the Establishment of the Capital Markets Authority and 
Regulating of Securities Activities and its executive bylaws (each as amended) (the “CML Rules”) and unless 
all necessary approvals from the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority pursuant to the CML Rules, together with 
the various resolutions, regulations, directives and instructions issued pursuant thereto or in connection 
therewith (regardless of nomenclature or type), or any other applicable law or regulation in the State of Kuwait, 
have been given in respect of the offering, marketing and/or sale of the Notes. 
Hong Kong
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:
(a)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) 
of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do 
not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and
(b)
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under 
the SFO.
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and that it will not offer or sell any Notes 
or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale or invitation for subscription or purchase of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than: (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant 
to Section 274 of the SFA; (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
275(1) of the SFA or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any 
other applicable provision of the SFA.

--- Page 233 ---
216
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(v)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 
2018, unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets 
products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).
Malaysia
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Securities Commission of Malaysia under the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007 of Malaysia (the 
“CMSA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or 
delivered, and no invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes has been or will be made, directly or 
indirectly, nor may any document or other material in connection therewith be distributed in Malaysia, other 
than to persons falling within any one of the categories of persons specified under Part I of Schedule 6 or Section 
229(1)(b), and Part I of Schedule 7 (or Section 230(1)(b)), read together with Schedule 8 or Section 257(3) of 
the CMSA, subject to any law, order, regulation or official directive of the Central Bank of Malaysia, the 
Securities Commission of Malaysia and/or any other regulatory authority from time to time. 
General
With the exception of the approval by the Central Bank of Ireland of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus 
issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation, no action has been or will be taken in any country or 
jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of Notes, or possession or 
distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Persons into whose hands the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes) comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable

--- Page 234 ---
217
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes 
or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense.
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed “General” above.

--- Page 235 ---
218
GENERAL INFORMATION
Listing and Admission to Trading
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin and to be admitted to listing on the official list of Euronext Dublin.
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by Euronext Dublin or any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or which 
will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further listing authorities, stock exchanges 
and/or quotation systems as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree.
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to 
the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the Regulated 
Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.
Legal Entity Identifier
The legal entity identifier (“LEI”) of the Bank is 549300HC6W6OEXV7SY67.
Authorisations
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
passed on 8 March 2004 and by a resolution of the shareholders of the Issuer passed on 30 March 2004. The 
update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer passed on 26 
March 2019 and 15 December 2022 and by a resolution of the shareholders of the Issuer passed at the 
extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders held on 25 March 2019. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain 
from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and 
performance of the Notes.
Redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes
In the case of Notes that are Subordinated Notes, the Issuer shall not exercise any right to redeem such Notes 
prior to their scheduled maturity nor shall the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer purchase any such Notes 
without the prior approval of the CBO where so required by the terms and conditions of the CBO approval 
relating to the Subordinated Notes or by the then current regulatory requirements of the CBO applicable to the 
Issuer.
Clearing of the Notes
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate 
common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Notes of each Series will 
be specified in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) relating thereto. The 
relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for 
clearance together with any further appropriate information.
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1120 Brussels, Belgium. The address of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.

--- Page 236 ---
219
Use of proceeds
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer to meet its 
general financing requirements.
Material Contracts
There are no material contracts not entered into in the ordinary course of the Bank’s business that are material 
to the Bank’s ability to meet its obligations to security holders.
Litigation
The Issuer is not nor has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months before 
the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole.
No material adverse change or significant change
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer, nor has there been any significant 
change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group since 31 December 2022.
Documents available for inspection
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies and, where 
appropriate, English translations of the following documents will be available in electronic form on the website 
of the Issuer at https://www.bankmuscat.com/en/investorrelations/Pages/Debt%20investor%20information.as
px and for inspection during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent and at the 
Specified Office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg, namely:
(i)
the Articles of Association of the Issuer;
(ii)
the Agency Agreement;
(iii)
the Deed of Covenant;
(iv)
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); and
(v)
any Final Terms and (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplements (save that Pricing Supplements 
will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) relating to Notes 
which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system. (In the case of any Notes which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms will 
only be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders).
The Base Prospectus and Final Terms will also be published in electronic form on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).
Audited consolidated financial statements available 
The Financial Statements were prepared in accordance with IFRS issued by the IASB, the applicable regulations 
of the CBO, the requirements of the Commercial Companies Law, and the disclosure requirements of the CMA. 
The Financial Statements were audited by EY, independent auditors, in accordance with International Standards 
of Auditing (ISA) as stated in their reports incorporated by reference herein. There is no professional institute 
of auditors in Oman and, accordingly, EY is not a member of a professional body in Oman. All EY’s partners

--- Page 237 ---
220
directly involved in the audit are members of the institutes from where they received their professional 
qualification.
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies and, where 
appropriate, English translations, of the most recent publicly available audited consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer may be obtained free of charge during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent and at the Specified Office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg.
Notices
Notices to Noteholders will be valid, for so long as the Notes are in global form and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin, when such notice is filed in the Company Announcement Office of Euronext Dublin.
Banking transactions on behalf of the Dealers
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business for which they have and/or will receive fees and expenses. In addition, in the 
ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase 
of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued 
under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may 
hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 238 ---
PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER
Bank Muscat (SAOG)
P.O. Box 134, Ruwi
Postal Code 112
Sultanate of Oman
THE ARRANGERS
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB
United Kingdom 
HSBC Bank plc
8 Canada Square
London E14 5HQ
United Kingdom
THE DEALERS
Barclays Bank PLC 
1 Churchill Place
London E14 5HP
United Kingdom 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB
United Kingdom
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des États-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC
c/o Emirates NBD Capital
Level 7-04, ICD Brookfield Place 
Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC)
P.O. Box 506710
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC 
FAB Building 
Khalifa Business Park – Al Qurm District 
P.O. Box 6316 Abu Dhabi 
United Arab Emirates 
HSBC Bank plc
8 Canada Square
London E14 5HQ
United Kingdom
Mizuho International plc 
30 Old Bailey 
London EC4M 7AU 
United Kingdom 
MUFG Securities EMEA plc 
Ropemaker Place 
25 Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9AJ 
United Kingdom 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
     France
Standard Chartered Bank 
7th Floor Building One, Gate Precinct 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 999 
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
FISCAL AGENT AND REGISTRAR
HSBC Bank plc
8 Canada Square
London E14 5HQ
United Kingdom

--- Page 239 ---
PAYING AGENT
HSBC Bank plc
8 Canada Square
London E14 5HQ
United Kingdom
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Issuer as to English law:
To the Issuer as to Omani law:
Allen & Overy LLP
11th Floor, Burj Daman Building
Al Mustaqbal Street
Dubai International Financial Centre
P.O. Box 506678
Dubai
United Arab Emirates 
Trowers & Hamlins
P.O. Box 2991, Ruwi
Postal Code 112
Sultanate of Oman
To the Dealers as to English law:
Linklaters LLP
Level 12, ICD Brookfield Place
Mustaqbal Street
Dubai International Financial Centre
P.O. Box 506516
Dubai
United Arab Emirates
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER
Ernst & Young LLC
5th Floor, Landmark Building
Opposite Al Ameen Mosque
P.O. Box 1750, Ruwi 112
Bowsher
Muscat
Sultanate of Oman
LISTING AGENT
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited
Ten Earlsfort Terrace
Dublin 2
D02 T380
Ireland