--- Page 1 ---
M-57468134-18 
1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bank of Ireland Mortgage Bank Unlimited Company 
(a public unlimited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland with registration number 386415 
 
€15,000,000,000 
Mortgage Covered Securities Programme 
 
Bank of Ireland Mortgage Bank Unlimited Company (the Issuer) is a designated mortgage credit 
institution for the purposes of the Asset Covered Securities Acts 2001 and 2007 of Ireland (as amended, 
the ACS Acts). The Securities (as defined below) will constitute mortgage covered securities for the 
purposes, and with the benefit, of the ACS Acts. 
 
Under this €15,000,000,000 Mortgage Covered Securities Programme (the Programme), the 
Issuer may from time to time issue mortgage covered securities (the Securities) denominated in any 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
 
Securities may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively, Bearer Securities and 
Registered Securities). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Securities from time to time 
outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
 
 
Securities may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified below and 
any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer,  
and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Securities 
being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase 
such Securities. 
 
See Risk Factors for a discussion of certain risk factors to be considered in connection 
with an investment in Securities. 
 
This document (the Base Prospectus) constitutes in respect of all Securities other than Exempt 
Securities (as defined below) issued under the Programme, a base prospectus for the purposes of article 
8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 (the Prospectus Regulation) and relevant Irish laws for 
giving information with regard to the issue of Securities of the Issuer under the Programme during the 
period of 12 months after the date of this Base Prospectus.  
 
This Base Prospectus, in respect of Exempt Securities (as defined below) issued under the 
Programme, constitutes a listing particulars (for the purposes of the admission of the Exempt Securities to 
the official list (the Official List) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext 
Dublin) and to trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin and for such purposes, does 
not constitute a "prospectus" for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  
 
References in this Base Prospectus to “Exempt Securities” are to Securities for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.  
 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 
months from its date in relation to Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
the European Economic Area (the EEA) and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where any exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus

--- Page 2 ---
M-57468134-18 
2
Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank), as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation.  
 
The Central Bank only approves this prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval by the Central 
Bank should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this prospectus nor 
as an endorsement of the quality of the Securities. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Securities. Furthermore, such approval relates only to the Securities which 
are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive or 
MiFID II) or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA. The Central Bank has 
neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt 
Securities, including the form of the Pricing Supplement in respect of Exempt Securities. 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by Euronext Dublin as listing particulars for the 
purposes of the "Listing and Admission to Trading Rules of the Global Exchange Market" of Euronext 
Dublin. Such approval relates only to the Exempt Securities which are to be admitted to trading on the 
Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin (the Global Exchange Market). The Global Exchange 
Market is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin (i) for the Securities that are not Exempt Securities 
to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market and (ii) for the Exempt Securities to 
be admitted to the Official List and trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin.  
 
The Programme provides that Securities may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or market(s) (including regulated markets) as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Securities and/or 
Securities not admitted to trading on any market.  
 
Arrangers 
 
 
Bank of Ireland 
Barclays
 
 
Dealers 
 
 
 
 
Bank of Ireland 
BofA Securities  
Commerzbank 
Danske Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
J.P. Morgan  
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets  
Nomura  
UBS Investment Bank 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup 
Credit Suisse 
Deutsche Bank 
HSBC 
Landesbank Baden- Württemberg 
Morgan Stanley 
NatWest Markets 
UniCredit

--- Page 3 ---
M-57468134-18 
3
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 16 December 2021

--- Page 4 ---
M-57468134-18 
4
IMPORTANT INFORMATION  
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained or incorporated by reference, in 
this Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, such information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
 
Bank of Ireland accepts responsibility for the information contained or incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus relating to Bank of Ireland and the Group (but excluding information specifically 
relating to the Issuer and the Securities). To the best of the knowledge of Bank of Ireland, the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus relating to Bank of Ireland and the Group 
(but excluding information specifically relating to the Issuer and the Securities) is in accordance with the 
facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.  
 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Arrangers or the Dealers has authorised the making of any offer 
of securities to the public (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) that is not within an exemption from 
the requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation by any person in any 
circumstances and such person is not permitted to use this Base Prospectus in connection with such offer 
of Securities. Any such offers are not made on behalf of the Issuer or by any of the Arrangers or the 
Dealers and none of the Issuer or any of the Arrangers or the Dealers has any responsibility or liability for 
the actions of any person making such offers. 
 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers to give any 
information or to make any representation other than those contained in this Base Prospectus or which 
are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and referred to below under Documents 
Incorporated by Reference and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arrangers or any of the Dealers. The Dealers and the 
Arrangers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the 
life of the Programme nor to advise any investor in the Securities of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Dealers. 
 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by the Arrangers or the Dealers or any of them as to the accuracy or completeness of 
the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer or Bank of Ireland in connection with the Programme, any Securities or the 
distribution of any Securities. No Dealer or Arranger accepts liability in relation to the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the 
Issuer or Bank of Ireland in connection with the Programme. 
 
Securities issued under the Programme will be liabilities only of the Issuer and not of any other 
person, including the Dealers and the Arrangers. The Securities will not be guaranteed by Bank of Ireland, 
the Dealers, the Arrangers or any other person. 
 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Securities, interest (if any) payable in respect of 
Securities, the issue price of Securities and any other terms and conditions not contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities) of Securities (other than in the case of Exempt Securities) will be set out in 
the final terms applicable to such Tranche (the Final Terms) which, with respect to Securities to be listed 
on the Official List and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, will be 
delivered to Euronext Dublin. In the case of Exempt Securities, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of 
Exempt Securities, interest (if any) payable in respect of Exempt Securities, the issue price of Exempt 
Securities and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing 
supplement document (the Pricing Supplement). 
 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, (the Securities Act) and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, for the benefit of,

--- Page 5 ---
M-57468134-18 
5
US persons unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available or in 
a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Accordingly, the Securities 
are being offered and sold only outside the United States in reliance upon Regulation S of the Securities 
Act. The Securities are also subject to US tax law requirements. See Form of the Securities, Issue 
Procedures and Clearing Systems for a description of the manner in which Securities will be issued. 
Registered Securities are subject to certain restrictions on transfer. See Subscription and Sale, Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements. 
 
Securities in bearer form are subject to US tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain 
transactions permitted by US tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the US Internal Revenue Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
The Issuer may agree with one or more Dealers that Securities may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Securities as set out herein, in which event, a 
supplementary base prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the 
agreement reached in relation to such Securities. 
 
Securities issued under the Programme may be rated on issue by Moody's Investors Service 
Limited (Moody's). Moody’s is established in the UK and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation) as it forms part of the domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the UK CRA Regulation). Moody's is not established in the EU and 
has not applied for registration under the CRA Regulation. The rating issued by Moody's has been 
endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Moody’s Deutschland 
GmbH is established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation.  
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (or unless such rating is endorsed and published or distributed by 
subscription by such a credit rating agency in accordance with the CRA Regulation). UK regulated 
investors are restricted under the UK CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory 
purposes unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. The rating of certain Series 
of Securities to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Securities).  
 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published. This 
Base Prospectus supersedes the base prospectus dated 10 November 2020 issued by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme. 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Securities (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) 
should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arrangers or any of the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Securities should purchase any Securities. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Securities 
should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal 
of the creditworthiness of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Securities constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arrangers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase 
any Securities. 
 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Securities 
shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer and/or Bank

--- Page 6 ---
M-57468134-18 
6
of Ireland is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. The Dealers and the Arrangers expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer or Bank of Ireland during the life of the Programme or to advise any 
investor in the Securities of any information coming to their attention. 
 
This Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement does not constitute an offer to 
sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities other than Securities or an offer to sell or a solicitation 
of any offer to buy any Securities in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised 
or is unlawful. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities may be restricted 
by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Arrangers and the Dealers do not represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Securities may be lawfully offered, in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers which would permit a 
public offering of any Securities outside the EEA or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required.  
 
No Securities may be offered or sold, directly or distributed or published in any jurisdiction, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Securities may come must 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offering and sale of Securities. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities in the United States, the United Kingdom, the EEA, Japan, 
Italy, Ireland, Hong Kong, Singapore and Switzerland. See Subscription and Sale, Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements. If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a 
licensed broker or dealer and the Dealers or any parent company or affiliate of the Dealers is a licensed 
broker or dealer in that jurisdiction and so agrees, the offering shall be deemed to be made by the Dealers 
or such parent company or affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
 
None of the Dealers, the Arrangers, the Issuer or Bank of Ireland makes any representation to 
any investor in the Securities regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any 
investor in the Securities should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities for an 
indefinite period of time. 
 
Exempt Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and trading on 
its Global Exchange Market will, because of their nature, normally be bought and traded by a limited 
number of investors who are particularly knowledgeable in investment matters. 
 
In the case of any Securities that are not listed on any recognised stock exchange and that do not 
mature within two years, the Issuer will not sell such Securities to Irish residents and the Issuer will not 
offer any such Securities in Ireland. 
 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
any Securities to be issued under the Programme, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
publish a new base prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Securities. 
 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under Floating Rate Securities may be calculated by 
reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). If any such reference rate 
does constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will indicate whether 
or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation. Not

--- Page 7 ---
M-57468134-18 
7
every reference rate will fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not 
required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplemental, (or if located outside the European Union, recognition endorsement or 
equivalence). The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a 
matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update 
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator.  
 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Securities (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Securities) will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
II Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such Securities, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the MIFID II Product Governance Rules.  
 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Securities (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Securities) may include a legend entitled “UK 
MiFIR product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Securities 
and which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Securities (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Securities, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
 
PRIIPS / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
PRIIPS / IMPORTANT – UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); or (ii)

--- Page 8 ---
M-57468134-18 
8
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE (THE SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of 
any Securities (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Securities), all Securities issued or to be 
issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined 
in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
 
This Prospectus has not been reviewed or approved by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct 
Authority or any other authority of or in the United Kingdom. Accordingly, this Prospectus shall not be used 
for the purposes of (i) offering Securities in the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under Part VI of the FSMA or the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or (ii) obtaining an admission to trading of any Securities on a UK 
regulated market (as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA). 
 
GENERAL  
 
In this Base Prospectus, references to € or EUR or euro are to the common currency introduced 
at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty 
establishing the European Community (as amended), to £ or GBP or Sterling are to pounds sterling, the 
lawful currency of the United Kingdom, to US$ or US dollars are to United States dollars, the lawful 
currency of the United States of America and to “Yen” and “¥” refer to Japanese Yen, the lawful 
currency of Japan.  
 
Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Base Prospectus to Bank of Ireland  
are to The Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland and to the Group  are to Bank of Ireland Group 
plc together with its consolidated subsidiaries, including Bank of Ireland and the Issuer. 
 
Unless the context otherwise requires, in this Base Prospectus references to Ireland and Irish 
exclude Northern Ireland and Northern Irish, respectively. 
 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical 
terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be 
ascribed to them under applicable law.

--- Page 9 ---
M-57468134-18 
9
Contents 
Page 
 
Overview ..............................................................................................................................................11 
Risk Factors .........................................................................................................................................22 
General Description of the Programme ...............................................................................................62 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ...............................................................................................63 
Supplement to this Base Prospectus ...................................................................................................65 
Form of the Securities, Issue Procedures and Clearing Systems .......................................................66 
Final Terms for Securities ....................................................................................................................71 
Pricing Supplement ..............................................................................................................................87 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities .............................................................................................102 
Use of Proceeds.................................................................................................................................133 
Description of the Issuer and the Group ............................................................................................134 
Board of Directors and Management and Administration of the Issuer .............................................141 
Risk Management at the Group and the Issuer .................................................................................143 
Irish Residential Loan Origination and Servicing ...............................................................................150 
Certain Aspects of Regulation of Banks and Residential Lending in Ireland ....................................155 
Restrictions on the Activities of an Institution ....................................................................................164 
Cover Assets Pool and Requirements under the ACS Acts ..............................................................170 
The Cover-Assets Monitor .................................................................................................................187 
Insolvency of Institutions ....................................................................................................................195 
Supervision and Regulation of Institutions/Managers under the ACS Acts .......................................201 
Transfers of a Business or Assets under the ACS Acts involving an Institution ................................205 
Registration of Institutions/Revocation of Registration ......................................................................207 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................210 
Subscription and Sale, Transfer and Selling Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements ....217 
General Information ...........................................................................................................................224

--- Page 10 ---
M-57468134-18 
10
STABILISATION 
 
In connection with the issue and distribution of any Tranche of Securities, the Dealer or 
Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over-allot Securities or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Securities at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche of Securities is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of 
Securities and 60 calendar days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Securities. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 11 ---
M-57468134-18 
11
Overview 
 
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and is qualified in its entirety by the 
rest of this Base Prospectus. Any decision to invest in any Securities should be based on a consideration 
of this Base Prospectus as a whole, including the documents incorporated by reference.  
 
This overview is not a summary for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  
 
Issuer: 
Bank of Ireland Mortgage Bank Unlimited Company (the Issuer) was 
incorporated in Ireland on 21 May 2004 as a public limited company 
under the name Bank of Ireland Mortgage Bank Public Limited 
Company with registration number 386415. It was subsequently re-
registered as a public unlimited company under the name Bank of 
Ireland Mortgage Bank on 23 June 2004. The Issuer, on 19 February 
2016, adopted a new constitution in accordance with the Companies 
Act 2014 (as amended) (the Companies Act). The Issuer obtained an 
Irish banking licence under the Irish Central Bank Act, 1971 (as 
amended) and was registered as a designated mortgage credit 
institution under the Asset Covered Securities Act, 2001 (the 2001 Act) 
on 1 July 2004. On 5 November 2021 the Issuer changed its name to 
Bank of Ireland Mortgage Bank Unlimited Company.  
 
As an Irish licensed bank and a designated mortgage credit institution, 
the Issuer operates under, and is regulated by the Central Bank 
pursuant to the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2019 (as may be amended 
from time to time) and the Asset Covered Securities Acts 2001 and 
2007 (as amended, the ACS Acts) and by the European Central Bank 
(the ECB) pursuant to Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 of 15 
October 2013 conferring specific tasks on the European Central Bank 
concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions.  
 
The Issuer's registered office is located at 40 Mespil Road, Dublin 4, 
Ireland. The Issuer's principal place of business is located at Baggot Plaza, 
27-33 Upper Baggot Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. 
 
Issuer LEI: 
The Issuer's legal entity identifier (LEI) is 635400LWGWFFKITHYD44.  
 
Bank of Ireland: 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bank of Ireland and a 
member of the Group. Bank of Ireland was established as a chartered 
corporation by an Act of the Irish Parliament of 1781/2 and by a Royal 
Charter of King George III in 1783. The Group provides an extensive 
range of banking and other financial services. The address of the 
registered office of Bank of Ireland is 40 Mespil Road, Dublin 4, Ireland. 
 
Group: 
The Group consists of Bank of Ireland Group plc (BOIG plc) together 
with its consolidated subsidiaries including Bank of Ireland and the 
Issuer. On 7 July 2017, BOIG plc became the holding company of the 
Group. On 10 July 2017, the entire issued share capital of BOIG plc 
was listed on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange. 
 
The Issuer's dependence 
on the Group: 
The Issuer is an integral member of the Group and is dependent to a large 
extent on Bank of Ireland (and through it other members of the Group) in 
relation to origination and servicing of Irish residential loans, administration 
and accounting services, treasury services, hedging arrangements, 
funding other than asset covered securities, equity capital and services

--- Page 12 ---
M-57468134-18 
12
relating to the issuance of asset covered securities. 
 
ACS Acts: 
The ACS Acts set out the statutory framework for the issuance of asset 
covered securities in Ireland. Asset covered securities issued by 
designated mortgage credit institutions under and in accordance with the 
ACS Acts are called Mortgage Covered Securities. Such Mortgage 
Covered Securities may only be issued by Irish credit institutions, such as 
the Issuer, that are registered under the ACS Acts and that restrict their 
principal activities to public sector or property financing. Those credit 
institutions, such as the Issuer, that are registered under the ACS Acts and 
restrict their principal activities for the main part to residential property 
sector financing, are called designated mortgage credit institutions 
(Institutions). 
 
The ACS Acts restrict and regulate the activities that Institutions such as 
the Issuer may engage in. Permitted activities for an Institution under the 
ACS Acts consist principally of: 
 
(a) providing mortgage credit and dealing in and holding mortgage 
credit assets (primarily loans secured on residential property, or, 
within strict limits, commercial property) including, within limits, 
securitised mortgage credit assets; 
 
(b) dealing in and holding substitution assets (certain bank deposits 
meeting minimum credit rating criteria); 
 
(c) dealing in and holding credit transaction assets (bank deposits 
and similar financial assets meeting minimum credit rating criteria 
below those for substitution assets), provided that such credit 
transaction assets do not exceed 10 per cent. of the Institution’s 
total assets; and 
 
(d) financing and refinancing its activities by, among other things, 
issuing Mortgage Covered Securities and taking deposits and 
other repayable funds from the public. 
 
The Issuer does not hold mortgage credit assets based on commercial 
property, nor any securitised mortgage credit assets. 
 
The Issuer does not currently engage in taking deposits and other 
repayable funds from the general public. 
 
The European Union (Covered Bonds) Regulations 2021 (S.I. No. 
576/2021) (the Covered Bonds Regulations 2021) transpose Directive 
(EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 
November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public 
supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the 
Covered Bonds Directive), into Irish law through the amendment of 
certain provisions of the ACS Acts.  
 
The amendments to the ACS Acts to reflect the provisions of the Covered 
Bonds Regulations 2021 (the ACS Acts Amendments) will take effect on 
8 July 2022 (the Effective Date). Transitional provisions under the 
Covered Bonds Regulations 2021, implementing equivalent provisions in 
the Covered Bonds Directive, provide that certain of the ACS Acts 
Amendments will not apply in respect of Securities that have been issued

--- Page 13 ---
M-57468134-18 
13
before the Effective Date. Such Securities will continue to have the status 
of asset covered securities issued under the ACS Acts.   
 
Cover Assets 
 
Under the ACS Acts, Securities issued by the Issuer are secured by a 
statutory preference over a pool of prescribed assets (Cover Assets) 
known as a cover assets pool (the Pool), which the Issuer is required to 
maintain in accordance with the ACS Acts.  
 
The Issuer’s Pool consists of the following Cover Assets: 
 
(a) mortgage credit assets (being loans secured on residential 
property situated in Ireland); 
 
(b) substitution assets (cash deposits with Bank of Ireland meeting 
certain minimum credit rating criteria); and 
 
(c) cover assets hedge contracts (described further below). 
 
Cover assets hedge contracts are hedging contracts that relate only to 
Mortgage Covered Securities and/or mortgage credit assets and/or 
substitution assets. The Issuer has entered into cover assets hedge 
contracts with Bank of Ireland. In accordance with the ACS Acts, the 
Issuer maintains a register of its cover assets hedge contracts and of 
collateral posted with the Issuer under such cover assets hedge contracts 
(Pool Hedge Collateral). 
 
Restrictions on the Pool 
 
In addition, the Issuer is required to maintain the Pool in compliance with 
requirements under the ACS Acts as to duration (weighted average term 
to maturity), value, interest coverage and overcollateralisation. The ACS 
Acts prescribe a minimum statutory overcollateralisation of the Pool with 
respect to the Securities of 103 per cent., and also provide that an 
Institution may contractually undertake to maintain a higher level of 
overcollateralisation. 
The 
Issuer 
has 
contractually 
committed 
to 
maintaining a minimum level of overcollateralisation of 105 per cent. For 
the purposes of the overcollateralisation calculation, substitution assets 
included in the Pool may not comprise more than 15 per cent. of the total 
nominal or principal amount outstanding of the Securities.  
 
Cover Assets Monitor 
 
The ACS Acts provide for the appointment by the Issuer of an independent 
entity as cover assets monitor (the Monitor). The responsibilities of the 
Monitor include monitoring the Issuer’s Pool to ensure that it complies with 
certain provisions of the ACS Acts, including statutory and contractual 
overcollateralisation. 
 
Manager and certain provisions as to insolvency 
 
The ACS Acts provide for the appointment of a manager in respect of the 
Issuer in certain circumstances, which include: the Issuer becoming 
insolvent; the Central Bank forming the opinion that such appointment is 
necessary in order to protect the interests of holders of Securities or other

--- Page 14 ---
M-57468134-18 
14
creditors of the Issuer; or the Issuer becoming subject to a direction by the 
Central Bank, or having its registration as a designated mortgage credit 
institution revoked. 
 
The ACS Acts also vary the general provisions of Irish insolvency law 
which would otherwise apply with respect to an Institution, Cover Assets, 
cover assets hedge contracts, Pool Hedge Collateral and Mortgage 
Covered Securities on the insolvency of the Institution and replace these 
provisions with a special insolvency regime applicable to Institutions. 
 
If the Issuer or Bank of Ireland or another member of the Group 
becomes subject to an insolvency process, preferred creditors of the 
Issuer are entitled to have recourse to the Cover Assets in the Pool 
ahead of members of, and contributories to, the Issuer and all other 
creditors of the Issuer or of the Group. 
 
The preferred creditors of the Issuer are the Monitor and any manager 
appointed in respect of the Issuer; the holders of Securities and any 
person having a legal relationship with a holder of Securities; and any 
person that is a counterparty of the Issuer to a cover assets hedge 
contract, provided that person is in compliance with its financial 
obligations under the cover assets hedge contract. 
 
The Monitor and any manager appointed in respect of the Issuer are 
super-preferred creditors. In addition, the claims (approved by a 
manager or where no manager is appointed, the Monitor) of a security 
trustee which holds security (other than under the ACS Acts) over 
assets of the Issuer outside Ireland in order to augment the security 
under the ACS Acts also have super preferred creditor status. The 
claims of super-preferred creditors of the Issuer rank ahead of the 
claims of any other preferred creditors (including the holders of 
Securities) but if those claims cannot be fully satisfied they will abate in 
proportion to the amounts of those claims. The claims of the other 
preferred creditors of the Issuer (including the holders of Securities) will 
rank equally among themselves but if those claims cannot be fully 
satisfied they will abate in proportion to the amounts of those claims. 
Holders of Securities will have no right to accelerate the obligations of 
the Issuer under the Securities. There are no events of default under 
the Securities, no negative pledge and no cross default.  
 
Programme Description: 
Mortgage Covered Securities Programme. 
 
Risk factors: 
There are risk factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Securities issued under the Programme. In addition, 
there are risk factors which are material for the purpose of assessing 
the other risks associated with Securities issued under the Programme. 
See Risk Factors. 
 
Arrangers:  
Bank of Ireland and Barclays Bank Ireland PLC.  
 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, 
Credit Suisse International, Danske Bank A/S, Goldman Sachs 
International, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan securities plc, 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg, Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc, 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, NatWest Markets plc, Nomura

--- Page 15 ---
M-57468134-18 
15
International plc, Société Générale, The Governor and Company of the 
Bank of Ireland, UBS AG London Branch and UniCredit Bank AG, and 
any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Securities denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see Subscription and Sale, Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements). 
 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London. 
 
Irish Paying Agent/ 
Transfer Agent: 
Citibank Europe plc, Dublin. 
 
 
Registrar: 
Citibank, N.A., London. 
 
Cover Asset Monitor: 
Mazars, Dublin. 
 
Irish Listing Agent: 
A&L Listing Limited. 
 
Programme Size: 
Up to €15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described under General Description of the Programme) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
 
Distribution: 
Securities may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  
 
Securities will be issued only outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) (see 
Subscription and Sale, Transfer and Selling Restrictions and 
Secondary Market Arrangements). 
 
Currencies  
Euro, US dollars, Japanese Yen and, subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions, any other currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms, or, 
in respect of Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
 
Redenomination: 
The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Securities, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, may provide that certain Securities not 
denominated in euro on issue may be redenominated in euro. 
 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as set out in the applicable Final Terms, or, in the case 
of Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement, subject to 
such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. See also Extended Maturity Date. 
 
Issue Price: 
Securities other than Exempt Securities will be issued on a fully-paid 
basis and may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a

--- Page 16 ---
M-57468134-18 
16
discount to, or at a premium over, par. 
 
 
Exempt Securities may be issued on a partly paid and instalment 
payment basis as set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
Form of Securities, Issue 
Procedures and Clearing 
Systems: 
The Securities will be issued in bearer or registered form as described 
in Form of the Securities, Issue Procedures and Clearing Systems. 
Registered Securities will not be exchangeable for Bearer Securities 
and vice versa. 
 
Fixed Rate Securities: 
Securities that bear a fixed rate of interest are Fixed Rate Securities. 
Each Fixed Rate Security bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Subject as provided in 
Condition 4(e), interest will be payable in arrears on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
 
Floating Rate Securities: 
Securities that bear a floating rate of interest are Floating Rate 
Securities. Each Floating Rate Security bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on 
either: 
 
(a) an interest payment date(s) in each year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (a Specified 
Interest Payment Date); or 
 
(b) if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, a date (each such 
date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls in the number of months or 
other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which 
expression means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date). 
 
Floating Rate Securities will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating either (i) the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA ) and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Securities 
of the relevant Series), or (ii) the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (as published by ISDA as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Securities of the relevant 
Series), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing

--- Page 17 ---
M-57468134-18 
17
Supplement; or 
(b) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of Floating Rate 
Securities as set out in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. 
 
 
Benchmark  
Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
with a view to the Independent Adviser determining a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread, if any, and any Benchmark Amendments as described in 
Condition 4(f). 
 
Instalment Securities: 
Securities that are redeemable in more than one instalment are 
Instalment Securities. Instalment Securities will be redeemed in the 
Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates set out in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
 
Zero 
Coupon 
Securities:
 
Securities may be zero coupon securities (Zero Coupon Securities). 
Exempt Securities: 
Securities may be issued with such terms as to interest, currency and 
redemption as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealers and set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement (Exempt 
Securities). In particular, in addition to being Fixed Rate Securities, 
Floating Rate Securities, Zero Coupon Securities, or Instalment 
Securities, Exempt Securities may be issued with principal or interest 
determined by reference to an index or formula, to changes in the 
prices of securities or commodities, to movements in currency 
exchange rates or other factors (each, a Relevant Factor). The Issuer 
may issue Exempt Securities: with principal or interest payable in one 
or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which 
the Exempt Securities are denominated (Dual Currency Securities ); 
on a partly paid basis (Partly Paid Securities); as securities in respect 
of which the amounts payable are calculated by reference to an index 
or formula (Index Linked Securities) or which have an interest rate 
equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate such as 
the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) (Inverse Floating Rate 
Securities). 
 
Where an Exempt Security is also a Floating Rate Security and where 
the applicable Pricing Supplement identifies that Screen Rate 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, and if the 
Reference Rate is specified as being other than SONIA or EURIBOR, 
such Exempt Security bears interest at the rate as provided for in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
In the case of Partly Paid Securities (other than Partly Paid Securities 
which are Zero Coupon Securities), interest will accrue on the paid-up

--- Page 18 ---
M-57468134-18 
18
nominal amount.  
 
 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement relating to each 
Tranche of Securities will indicate either that the relevant Securities 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity or that such 
Securities will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
holders of the Securities upon giving notice to the holders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) save 
that a Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may not provide that 
Securities, if not listed on a stock exchange or not admitted to trading 
on a regulated market, may be redeemed above par. The applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may provide that Securities may be 
redeemable in two or more instalments of such amounts and on such 
dates as are indicated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. 
 
Extended Maturity Date: 
Unless the rating agency appointed by the Issuer at the relevant time 
in respect of the Programme agrees otherwise, the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement will also provide that an Extended 
Maturity Date applies to each Series of the Securities. In such case, if 
the Issuer fails to redeem the relevant Securities in full on the Maturity 
Date (or within two Business Days thereafter), the maturity of the 
principal amount outstanding of the Securities not redeemed will 
automatically extend on a monthly basis up to but, no later than, the 
Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. In that event the Issuer 
may redeem all or any part of the principal amount outstanding of the 
Securities on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the 
Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date or as 
otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. 
 
Where an Extended Maturity Date applies, the Securities will bear 
interest on the principal amount outstanding of the Securities from 
(and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the 
Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which the Securities 
are redeemed in full or the Extended Maturity Date and such interest 
will be payable in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date in arrear or as otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement on 
each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date at the rate 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
 
In the case of a Series of Securities to which an Extended Maturity 
Date so applies, those Securities may for the purposes of the 
Programme be: 
 
(a) Fixed Rate Securities, Zero Coupon Securities, Floating Rate 
Securities as set out in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Securities, issued on other interest terms as set out in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, in respect of the period from 
the Issue Date to (and including) the Maturity Date; and 
 
(b) Fixed Rate Securities or Floating Rate Securities in respect of the

--- Page 19 ---
M-57468134-18 
19
period from (but excluding) the Maturity Date to (and including) 
the Extended Maturity Date, as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
 
In the case of Securities which are Zero Coupon Securities, or, in the 
case of Exempt Securities, which are not Fixed Rate Securities or 
Floating Rate Securities up to (and including) the Maturity Date and for 
which an Extended Maturity Date applies, the initial outstanding 
principal amount on the Maturity Date for the above purposes will be 
the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer but unpaid on the 
relevant Securities on the Maturity Date.  
 
Representation of holders of 
Securities: 
 
There is no provision for representation of holders of Securities. 
 
 
 
Denomination of Securities: 
 
Securities will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) save that the minimum 
denomination of each Security will be €100,000 (or other currency 
equivalent) or such higher denomination as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency or 
as may be required in order to avail of any applicable tax exemptions. 
 
In the case of Securities that are not listed on a recognised stock 
exchange (including Euronext Dublin), the minimum denomination of 
such Securities must be €500,000 if the relevant Securities are 
denominated in euro, US$500,000 if the relevant Securities are 
denominated in US dollars, or if the relevant Securities are 
denominated in a currency other than euro or US dollars, the 
equivalent of €500,000 as at the date on which the Programme was 
first publicised. 
 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Securities, 
Receipts and Coupons shall be made by or on behalf of the Issuer 
without deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied by or on behalf 
of any jurisdiction, unless the Issuer shall be obligated by law to make 
such deduction or withholding. Neither the Issuer nor any Paying 
Agent will be obliged to make any additional payments in respect of 
any such withholding or deduction imposed, see Taxation. 
 
Guarantor: 
None 
 
Events of Default: 
None 
 
Negative Pledge: 
None 
 
Cross Default: 
None 
Status of the Securities:
 
  
 
The Securities will constitute direct, unconditional and senior 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves. 
The Securities will be Mortgage Covered Securities issued in 
accordance with the ACS Acts, will be secured on the Issuer's Pool, 
and will rank pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer under 
Mortgage Covered Securities issued or to be issued by the Issuer 
pursuant to the ACS Acts.

--- Page 20 ---
M-57468134-18 
20
 
Listing and Admission 
To Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin (i) for the Securities that 
are not Exempt Securities to be admitted to the Official List and trading 
on its regulated market and (ii) for the Exempt Securities to be admitted 
to the Official List and trading on the Global Exchange Market.  
 
The Securities may also be listed on such other or further stock 
exchange(s) and/or admitted to trading on such other/further markets 
(including regulated markets) as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each Series and disclosed in 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as applicable) for such Series. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state the stock exchanges and/or 
markets on which the relevant Securities are to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading.  
 
Unlisted Securities and those not admitted to trading on a regulated 
market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation may also be 
issued. 
 
The applicable Pricing Supplement (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
will state whether or not the relevant Securities are to be listed 
and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges 
and/or markets.  
 
Estimated total expenses 
related to admission to  
trading:
Approximately €5,000. 
Ratings: 
Securities issued under the Programme may on issue be rated by 
Moody's, with any such rating(s) to be disclosed in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement for such Securities. The rating of Securities will 
not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to the Issuer. A 
credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating organisation. A credit rating organisation may from 
time to time alter the methodology employed by it when rating 
securities and such alteration may affect ratings attributed to 
Securities issued under the Programme. 
 
Governing 
Law:
The Securities will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
the laws of Ireland. 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Securities in the 
United States, the United Kingdom, the EEA, Japan, Italy, Ireland, Hong 
Kong, Singapore and Switzerland and such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Securities, see Subscription and Sale, Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
and Secondary Market Arrangements. 
 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, 
or for the benefit of, US persons unless an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act is available or in a 
transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities

--- Page 21 ---
M-57468134-18 
21
Act. Accordingly, the Securities will only be issued outside the United 
States in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
 
Each issue of Securities denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time. 
 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Global Security will be able to 
transfer such interest, except in accordance with the applicable 
procedures of the Clearing Systems, in each case to the extent 
applicable. In addition, prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined under the Terms and Conditions of the Securities) 
applicable to each Tranche of Securities, beneficial interests in a 
Registered Global Security may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a US person and may not 
be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and such Registered Global Security will bear a legend regarding such 
restrictions on transfer (see Subscription and Sale, Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements). 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
Proceeds from the issue of the Securities will be for the purpose of 
financing the business of the Issuer permitted by the ACS Acts. 
 
Sustainable Securities: 
Securities may be issued as Sustainable Securities and the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will indicate if the Securities are 
intended to constitute Sustainable Securities. The Issuer intends to 
allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from any issue of 
Sustainable Securities to advance loans to the Group's customers on a 
targeted basis for the purposes of the financing and/or refinancing by such 
customers of Eligible Sustainable Projects, in line with any framework the 
Group may publish from time to time.  See the risk factor entitled “In 
respect of any Securities issued as Sustainable Securities, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment 
criteria of an investor”.

--- Page 22 ---
M-57468134-18 
22
Risk Factors 
 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Securities issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Securities issued under the Programme are also described below. 
 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in Securities issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Securities may occur for other reasons which may not be considered 
significant risks by the Issuer based on information available to the Issuer at the date of this Base Prospectus or 
which the Issuer may not at the date of this Base Prospectus be able to anticipate or be aware of and the Issuer 
does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Securities are exhaustive. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, 
including any document incorporated by reference and reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decision. 
 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH 
THE ISSUER 
 
The Covid-19 pandemic continues to impact the global, Irish and UK economies 
 
In March 2020, the World Health Organisation declared the outbreak of a new infectious disease 
known as Covid-19, caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (commonly known as 
SARS-CoV-2), to be a global pandemic. Measures initially adopted by governments to contain the spread 
of Covid-19, including travel bans, closure of businesses and workplaces, quarantine and elective self-
isolation, led to many economies effectively shutting down. 
 
The impact of Covid-19 globally and in Ireland and the UK has been severe, notwithstanding 
material monetary policy support, government support measures and regulatory intervention. Vaccines 
have been developed however and are currently being rolled out (albeit unevenly) across countries, with 
high inoculations rates in Ireland and the UK allowing for a substantial easing of public health restrictions 
and a recovery in economic activity in both countries. However, the Delta and Omicron variants (and other 
potential variants) of the virus are of concern, while there is uncertainty in respect of a range of matters 
including the extent, duration and intensity of the financial consequences and potential customer 
behaviour and societal implications. 
 
Furthermore, there can be no guarantee that any similar pandemics or outbreaks will not occur in 
the future or that the effects of the current global pandemic will not deteriorate further. If such pandemics 
or outbreaks occur in the future, they may result in similar or more adverse effects. 
 
Regulatory interventions have included the announcement by the European Central Bank (the 
ECB) of temporary measures to enable the banks which it directly supervises to continue to support the 
wider economy. Amongst other measures, the ECB will allow such banks to operate temporarily below the 
level of capital required by the Pillar 2 guidance, the capital conservation buffer and the liquidity coverage 
ratio. 
 
Any of these factors (or a combination of them) could have a material adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition, results of operations, capital, liquidity and/or prospects of financial 
institutions, including the Group. 
 
The Issuer's dependence on the Group 
 
The Issuer, as an integral member of the Group, is dependent to a large extent on Bank of Ireland 
(and through it, other members of the Group) in relation to the origination and servicing of Irish residential loans,

--- Page 23 ---
M-57468134-18 
23
administration and accounting services, treasury services, hedging arrangements, liquidity and debt financing 
(other than Mortgage Covered Securities), equity and regulatory capital and services relating to the issue of 
Mortgage Covered Securities. 
 
A materially adverse change in the financial position of Bank of Ireland or other members of the Group 
(including as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic) could adversely affect the Issuer's capital and liquidity position, 
and its ability to operate its business and meet its obligations under the Securities. It could also impair Bank of 
Ireland's ability to meet its obligations as shareholder of the Issuer in the event that the Issuer is being wound 
up and the assets of the Issuer (including the Cover Pool) are insufficient to meet the Issuer's obligations to its 
creditors (including the holders of Securities).    
 
The key risk factors which could impact the Group’s future results and financial position in the 
next 12 months are set out under "Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing risks 
associated with the Group and which may affect the Issuer" below. Those factors discussed below are 
those of which the Issuer is currently aware. There may be risks and uncertainties relating to the Group of 
which the Issuer is not aware or which the Issuer does not consider significant but which in the future may 
become significant. 
 
The Issuer's risk management strategies and techniques may leave it exposed to unidentified or 
unanticipated risks 
 
The Issuer faces risk in the conduct of its business, such as credit risk, operational risk and market risk 
(including funding and liquidity risk, interest rate change risk, foreign currency rate change risk and asset price 
change risk). In order to minimise these risks, the Issuer has (in conjunction with the Group — see further Risk 
Management at the Group and the Issuer) implemented comprehensive risk management strategies, including 
the use of derivatives. Although the Issuer invests substantial time and effort in its risk management strategies 
and techniques, such risk management may nonetheless fail under some circumstances, particularly when 
confronted with risks that are not identified or anticipated, or not currently material, or where reasonable 
contingency measures prove to be inadequate. Some of the Issuer's methods for managing risk are based 
upon observation of historical market behaviour. The Issuer applies statistical techniques to these observations 
to quantify its risk exposures. Circumstances may arise that the Issuer did not identify or anticipate in 
developing its models. Furthermore, the Issuer's quantifications do not take all risks into account.  
 
If unidentified or unanticipated circumstances arise, or if the Issuer's measures to assess and mitigate 
risk prove insufficient, the Issuer may experience material unexpected losses. 
 
Business risk and strategic risk 
 
Business risk and strategic risk arise from changes in the competitive environment of the Issuer, as it 
faces competition within the Irish residential mortgage market in which it operates from local and international 
financial institutions, from new market entrants and the introduction of new products. There can be no 
assurance that existing or increased competition in this market will not adversely affect the Issuer or the 
operation of its business.  
 
Business risk and strategic risk also encompass changes in mortgage lending rules imposed by 
regulators. On 9 February 2015, the Central Bank introduced mortgage lending rules, under the Central Bank 
(Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 (Section 48) (Housing Loan Requirements) Regulations 2015 (the 
Housing Loan Regulations 2015), which include loan-to-value (LTV) rules which set a minimum deposit 
requirement for the purchase of property, and loan-to-income (LTI) rules which set a maximum mortgage value 
which could be borrowed, measured against the borrower’s gross salary. Specific LTV and LTI limits were 
introduced for purchasers of their principal dwelling houses including separate rules for first-time buyers, as well 
as those purchasing buy-to-let properties. These rules moderated residential property prices in Ireland and 
resulted in a reduction in mortgage lending following their introduction.  These rules are subject to annual 
review by the Central Bank. Any changes to LTV and/or LTI limits may result in further reductions in mortgage 
lending and could therefore have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and/or prospects.

--- Page 24 ---
M-57468134-18 
24
 
Furthermore, the Issuer’s business and strategic risk may increase due to macroeconomic factors (in 
Ireland, the UK or globally) and other factors outside of its control (including the adverse economic impacts of 
the Covid-19 pandemic) - see the risk factor entitled  “The Covid-19 pandemic continues to impact the Group” 
and “The Group’s business and financial performance has been and will continue to be affected by economic 
conditions, in particular, in Ireland and in the UK but also in Europe and globally” for further details. 
 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH 
THE GROUP AND WHICH MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER 
 
The Covid-19 pandemic continues to impact the Group 
 
Schemes have been initiated by national governments in jurisdictions in which the Group 
operates to provide financial support to parts of the economy most impacted by the Covid-19 pandemic. In 
March 2020, the Central Bank agreed with the Banking & Payments Federation Ireland (the BPFI) that 
there should be no impediments to Irish situate banks introducing payment breaks for those affected by 
the pandemic (Covid-19 Payment Breaks). In September 2020, following a meeting between the Irish 
Government, CEOs of the five retail banks (AIB, Bank of Ireland, KBC, PTSB and Ulster Bank DAC) and 
the BPFI, the Irish Government announced that banks located in Ireland will not accept new applications 
for Covid-19 Payment Breaks after 30 September 2020. It was also agreed with the retail banks that 
where a borrower will, after the end of a Covid-19 Payment Break period, be unable to meet their 
repayment obligations, the provision of other payment breaks as well as other forbearance options, will be 
considered on a case-by-case basis by the retail banks. In the UK, the Chancellor of the Exchequer 
announced in March 2020 that it had agreed with industry bodies that mortgage lenders will offer at least a 
three month mortgage holiday to borrowers. The Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) subsequently 
confirmed that mortgage lenders are expected to allow customers defer up to 6 monthly payments in total, 
but should not provide deferrals beyond 31 July 2021. The ultimate impact of these and any future 
schemes on the Group’s customers and the economy, and the consequential impact on the Group, remain 
uncertain at this stage. 
 
The Group’s business and financial performance has been and will continue to be affected by 
economic conditions, in particular, in Ireland and the UK, but also in Europe and globally 
 
Substantially all of the Group’s business activities and the majority of the Group’s loans and 
advances are to customers in Ireland and the UK. The Group’s business and financial performance is 
therefore directly and indirectly subject to inherent risks arising from general economic conditions in 
Ireland, the UK, and the state of the European and global economy and financial markets both generally, 
and as they specifically affect financial institutions.  The Group considers the following sub-categories to 
be of material relevance in this regard. 
 
Deterioration in economic conditions 
 
A deterioration in economic conditions could adversely affect the Group’s business and financial 
performance. Specifically, a deterioration in economic conditions in the markets where the Group operates 
could adversely impact the Group’s income (for example, as a result of a fall in the demand for some of 
the Group’s banking services and products) and lead to higher than expected credit losses. This could 
have adverse consequences for the Group if investment in strategic initiatives are de-prioritised and 
actions taken to control costs result in increased operational risk. 
 
Higher unemployment rates, constraints on household income and high debt levels in Ireland and the UK 
 
Higher unemployment rates, constraints on household income and high debt levels in Ireland and the 
UK could impact on the credit quality of the Group’s borrowers — see the risk factor entitled “Decreases in 
the credit quality of the Group’s borrowers and counterparties, could adversely affect the Group's 
business” for further details.  A decrease in the credit quality of the Group’s borrowers could lead to an 
increase in the Group’s level of non-performing exposures and impact its ability to lend to customers.  In

--- Page 25 ---
M-57468134-18 
25
addition, higher unemployment rates, reduced household incomes and/or resulting risk aversion could 
lead to lower demand for mortgage lending, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
 
Pandemics and large scale public health events 
 
Pandemics like the ongoing Covid-19 virus outbreak and other large-scale public health events, 
and climate-related catastrophes could affect the global economy and the economies in which the Group 
operates leading to slower or negative economic growth, increased unemployment and reduced credit 
demand. These events could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business operations and financial 
performance leading to higher costs, reduced income and lower credit quality. 
 
Economic, social and political conditions in Europe or elsewhere 
 
The Group has exposures to customers and counterparties across the Eurozone. Any potential 
deterioration in the economic, social and political conditions in Europe or elsewhere, changes to the 
political leadership of member countries of the Eurozone and/or other political instability or unrest that 
impacts Europe and/or other regions could result in increased volatility in the general economic or political 
conditions of those countries and/or regions, impacting on economic conditions in countries where the 
Group has exposures, market risk pricing and asset price valuations, thereby having an adverse effect on 
the Group’s profitability. 
 
Sovereign debt levels of Member States 
 
Eurozone bond markets and broader international debt markets could be impacted by concerns 
over sovereign debt levels of Member States, requirement for support of the banking system and 
speculation about the stability of the Eurozone, thereby disrupting debt markets and resulting in an 
increase in the volatility of bond yields of the debt of Member States thereby potentially adversely 
impacting on the value of bond positions held by the Group. This could also result in an increase in 
sovereign borrowing costs and a consequent increase in banks’ funding costs, including for the Group 
which would adversely impact profitability, as well as having a potentially adverse impact on the Group’s 
business in these economies including Ireland. 
 
Dislocations and liquidity disruptions in Eurozone financial markets or elsewhere 
 
Any period of unpredictable movements, severe dislocations and liquidity disruptions in the 
financial markets in the Eurozone or elsewhere, could lead to a reduction in the demand for some of the 
Group’s banking services and products and may also impede the Group’s ability to raise capital or 
funding. This could result in, among other things, the issuance of capital and funding of different types or 
under different terms than otherwise would have been issued or realised, or the incurrence of additional or 
increased funding and capital costs compared to the costs borne in a more stable market environment. 
These impacts could adversely affect the Group’s ability to lend to customers and generate profits. 
 
Financial institutions interdependency and systemic risk 
 
Financial institutions have a high level of interdependence as a result of credit, trading, clearing 
and other relationships between them. As a result, a default or threatened default or concerns about a 
default or threatened default by one institution could affect other institutions and lead to significant market-
wide liquidity problems and financial losses for other financial institutions. It may even lead to defaults of 
other financial institutions, which is a risk, sometimes referred to as “systemic risk”. A systemic risk event 
may also have a material adverse effect on other financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, 
clearing houses, securities firms and exchanges, to which the Group is exposed. This could impact the 
Group’s ability to meet its intraday liquidity requirements as the failure of a market participant to meet its 
payment, clearing, and settlement obligations can have a material impact on connected counterparties, 
and ultimately lead to systemic disruption.

--- Page 26 ---
M-57468134-18 
26
Dissolution of the European Monetary Union 
 
The withdrawal from the Euro by one or more countries that have already adopted its use and, in 
an extreme scenario, the cessation of the use of the Euro could result in the dissolution of the European 
Monetary Union (the EMU). This could lead, inter alia, to the re-introduction of individual currencies in one 
or more EMU member states and the redenomination of financial instruments from Euro to a different 
currency, the effects of which are impossible to predict fully and could also result in a downturn in 
economic activity in Ireland and heightened uncertainty for individuals and businesses resulting in a 
reduction in credit demand, which could adversely affect the Group’s financial conditions, results of 
operations and prospects. 
 
Changes in market sentiment 
 
Changes in market sentiment could result in an abrupt increase in risk premia, causing dislocation 
in global financial markets which could have an adverse effect on economic activity, including in Ireland 
and the UK where substantially all of the Group’s business activities reside, thereby potentially reducing 
the Group’s profitability and having an adverse effect on the Group’s business and ability to lend to 
customers. 
 
Changes in mortgage interest rates 
 
Various regulatory authorities (for example, the Central Bank) or governments may introduce new 
requirements or ceilings in relation to the interest rates that the Group charges for mortgage lending. A 
material decrease in interest rates for mortgage lending, without a comparable decrease in funding and 
capital costs for the Group, could adversely impact the profitability of the Group. 
 
International corporate tax reform 
 
 
Some 136 countries and jurisdictions, including Ireland, signed up to the OECD’s plan to reform 
international corporation tax rules on 8 October 2021. The proposed reforms may pose a challenge for 
Ireland’s public finances over the medium term and could impact the country’s relative attractiveness as a 
destination for foreign direct investment. This in turn could result in an increase in Ireland’s sovereign 
borrowing costs and a consequent increase in banks’ funding costs, including for the Group, as well as a 
slowdown in economic activity in Ireland, all of which could adversely affect the Group’s financial 
conditions, results of operations and prospects. 
 
The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects and, in particular, the Issuer's ability to 
meet their obligations under the Securities. 
 
A failure to effectively improve or upgrade the Group’s information technology infrastructure and 
management information systems in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on its 
business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects 
 
The Group maintains a complex IT estate to serve all its customers. To ensure key systems are 
robust, the Group invests multi-millions of euros on a rolling basis to refresh and where appropriate 
replace technology in line with the Group’s multi-year integrated plan for technology change (the 
Transformation Plan). In addition, the Group is currently investing in a multi-year systems transformation 
agenda. This investment is intended to support the further digitisation of the Group and provide enhanced 
service for customers. 
 
Notwithstanding this investment, the nature of any complex IT environment means that from time 
to time there may be incidents arising from problems with the Group's IT systems that adversely impact 
the Group's customers and the Group's strategic priorities.

--- Page 27 ---
M-57468134-18 
27
Given the complexity of the subject matter and the pace of industry and regulatory change, the 
Group cannot provide assurance that the design of the programmes within the Transformation Plan will 
meet systems, regulatory or market requirements or expectations in full or part, or that it or they will do so 
to the anticipated timetable. As is the case for many established financial services providers, in a rapidly 
changing technology environment and in dealing with legacy systems, there is a risk that the investment 
as anticipated may not deliver the envisaged outcomes, and that the Transformation Plan may not deliver 
to expectations or that the investment required turns out to be more than originally considered. There is 
also a risk that the Group may not be able to engage or retain all of the third-party providers and/or key 
staff that are the optimal providers and integrators of such technology and change. Nor can the Group 
provide assurance that it will be able to maintain the level of operating and capital expenditure necessary 
to support the improvement or upgrading of its information technology infrastructure. The full successful 
implementation of the Transformation Plan may also necessitate a level of behavioural and organisational 
change within the Group, which may fail to materialise in whole or in part and which may have unforeseen 
potential consequences. The Transformation Plan places incremental operational risk management 
challenges for the Group, which, if not successfully managed, could have a negative impact on its future 
relationships with its regulators and its customers who, notwithstanding the anticipated operational 
benefits, may also react negatively to a potential streamlining of product offering that may flow from the 
redesign of systems. Additionally, regulatory requirements and expectations may change (see the risk 
factor entitled “The Group’s business and operations are subject to substantial regulation and supervision 
and can be negatively affected by its non-compliance with certain existing regulatory requirements and 
any adverse regulatory and governmental developments”) resulting in misalignment and/or material 
additional requirements and/or costs for the Transformation Plan, with potential regulatory censure or 
sanctions for failure or delays in delivery. 
 
The Group could be materially adversely affected by the UK’s withdrawal from the EU 
 
On 31 January 2020, the UK left the EU. The UK and the European Commission announced on 
24 December 2020 that they had reached agreement on a draft EU-UK Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement (the Trade and Cooperation Agreement). The Trade and Cooperation Agreement was 
approved by the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union in April 2021, completing 
the ratification process. 
 
There are a number of areas of uncertainty in connection with the future of the UK and its 
relationship with the EU, notwithstanding the signing of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement, including 
in relation to negotiations that are ongoing between the UK and the EU regarding the Northern Ireland 
Protocol which could have implications for the Trade and Cooperation Agreement. Given this, it is not 
currently possible to determine the impact that the UK’s departure from the EU and/or any related matters 
may have on future economic conditions in Ireland and the UK. 
 
The UK’s withdrawal from the EU could have a significant adverse effect on the economies of 
Ireland, Northern Ireland and the UK which could include, but may not be limited to, reductions in trade, 
adverse effects on employment, consumer and business confidence and associated spending and 
investment. There have already been short-term reductions in trade between the EU and UK, and the 
medium and longer-term impact remains difficult to predict. In addition, the UK’s withdrawal raises the 
possibility of further exits from the EU and further referenda on continued EU membership in other EU 
member states. 
 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the extent of the impact of the UK's withdrawal from the EU will 
have on the approach of the UK regulatory authorities to the regulation of financial institutions in the future 
is not yet known. Changes to the UK regulatory regime which applies to the Group's business in the UK 
following the UK's withdrawal from the EU, data protection (in respect of intragroup transfers of data and 
relevant Group outsourcing arrangements), and the Group's recovery and resolution arrangements (i.e. 
potential regulatory divergence in approach between UK and EU regulators)) and additional costs could 
have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or 
prospects.

--- Page 28 ---
M-57468134-18 
28
There continues to be considerable uncertainty regarding the impact of the UK’s withdrawal from, 
and future relationship with, the EU on the financial services industry and the legal and regulatory 
environment. This could in turn affect pricing, partner appetite, customer confidence and credit demand, 
collateral values and customers’ ability to meet their financial obligations, and, consequently the Group’s 
financial performance, balance sheet, capital and dividend capacity. Other effects may include changes in 
official interest rate policy in both the UK and Eurozone, which can impact the Group’s revenues and also 
the Group’s IAS 19 defined benefit pension deficit, and foreign exchange rate changes, which can impact 
the translation of the Group’s UK net assets and profits. 
 
The UK’s withdrawal from the EU could have a significant adverse effect on the ability of the 
Group’s customers to meet their contractual obligations to the Group, collateral values, the pricing of the 
Group’s products and the introduction of new products by the Group. Any such adverse effect is likely to 
have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or 
prospects. In addition, as the Group maintains significant operations in the UK, the UK’s withdrawal from 
the EU could require the Group to make potentially significant changes to its operations in the UK, which 
in turn could have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and/or prospects. 
 
The Group’s strategic plans may not be realised 
 
The Group has identified and set strategic plans for the Group, including, inter alia: 
 
• 
focussing on the Republic of Ireland as the Group’s core market; and 
 
• 
retaining selective international diversification in the UK through access to an extensive 
distribution network, primarily through the UK Post Office and the Automobile Association (the 
AA) partnerships, and other strategic intermediaries and internationally through acquisition 
finance. 
 
These plans include targets which rely on the proper implementation of those strategies and 
which may be sensitive to a number of internal and external dependencies. 
 
Furthermore, these strategic plans may be adversely affected by macroeconomic factors (in 
Ireland, the UK or globally) and other factors that are outside of the Group’s control. See the Risk Factor 
entitled “The Group’s business and financial performance has been and will continue to be affected by 
economic conditions, in particular, in Ireland and in the UK but also in Europe and globally” for further 
details. The Group’s implementation of these strategies may be affected by the competition in the markets 
in which the Group operates. 
 
There is a further risk that the Group may not be in a position to renew third-party distribution 
agreements such as the agreement between, amongst others, Bank of Ireland (UK) plc, AA plc and AA 
Financial Services Limited in the UK (in respect of AA branded financial services products) and other third-
parties on terms acceptable to the Group or on terms as currently favourable to the Group. Any 
termination or non-renewal of the Group’s relationships with the AA and/or any of its other strategic 
intermediaries in the UK could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and/or prospects. 
 
The Group’s strategic plans also rely, in part, on the proper implementation of those strategies by 
the Group. There is a risk that the Group’s Transformation Plan may not deliver the required objectives in 
whole or part (see the Risk Factor entitled “A failure to effectively improve or upgrade the Group’s 
information technology infrastructure and management information systems in a timely manner could have 
a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects” for 
further information). There is also a risk that the Group may not be able to continue to deliver new 
products or existing products at acceptable margins, that future regulation may change the nature of 
product charging and/or sales in a way that impacts the Group’s ability to deliver the planned income, that

--- Page 29 ---
M-57468134-18 
29
its chosen business model proves to be inappropriate, or that customers are not attracted by the products 
and services on offer all of which may have a negative impact on the Group's business and results of 
operations and, consequently, its financial condition and/ or prospects. 
 
Pension risk is the risk in the Group's defined benefit pension schemes that the assets are 
inadequate or fail to generate returns that are sufficient to meet the schemes’ liabilities 
 
The Group sponsors a number of defined benefit pension schemes for past and current 
employees. Pension risk crystallises for the sponsor when a deficit emerges of a size which implies a 
material probability that the liabilities will not be met. Defined benefit pension funds are subject to market 
fluctuations, and interest rate and inflation risks, thus a level of volatility is associated with defined benefit 
pension funding. These market fluctuations can impact the value of the schemes’ asset portfolios and 
returns and / or result in a greater than expected increase in the value of the schemes’ liabilities. The level 
of volatility associated with pension funding can have a negative impact on the financial condition and 
prospects of the Group.  
 
Weaknesses or failures in the Group’s processes and procedures, external events or other 
operational risks are a risk to the Group’s business 
 
The Group’s businesses are dependent on their ability to process and report, accurately and 
efficiently, a high volume of complex transactions across numerous and diverse products and services, 
and subject to a number of different legal and regulatory regimes. Operational risks are inherently present 
in the Group’s businesses including, as a result of potentially inadequate or failed internal processes 
(including financial reporting and risk monitoring processes), IT or equipment failures or the failure of 
external systems and controls outside of the Group’s control or from people-related or external events. 
The Group’s risk controls and frameworks (that are subject to ongoing review and enhancement) or loss 
mitigation actions implemented may not be effective in controlling each of the operational risks faced by 
the Group. The Group’s operational risks and any weaknesses in the Group’s risk controls or frameworks 
could expose the Group to customer redress, administrative actions or sanctions, potential loss of 
customers, and the potential requirement to hold additional regulatory capital and could result in a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects, as well 
as reputational damage which could exacerbate such adverse impact. 
 
Internal fraud 
 
The risk of internal fraud (including financial fraud and/or theft) carried out by employees or 
officers of the Group, possibly resulting from lack of adequate segregation of responsibilities, or 
inappropriate internal access levels to systems being accorded to individuals, providing them with 
knowledge that facilitates fraud could result in reputational damage, customer redress, and/or potential 
loss of customers. This could have an adverse effect on the Group's results and on its ability to deliver 
appropriate customer outcomes or to achieve organisational objectives. 
 
External fraud 
 
The risk of external fraud, being customer or third-party fraud against the Group such as card 
skimming or cloning could result in reputational damage, customer redress, and/or potential loss of 
customers. This could have an adverse effect on the Group's results and on its ability to deliver 
appropriate customer outcomes or to achieve organisational objectives. 
 
Cyber-attack 
 
Cybercrime groups are becoming increasingly sophisticated and the Group faces the risk of 
cyber-attacks against its IT and account management systems. This would include denial of service 
attacks resulting in material adverse effects on the Group’s business and results of operations, 
reputational damage, potential loss of customers, and/or potential requirement to hold additional 
regulatory capital.

--- Page 30 ---
M-57468134-18 
30
 
Failure of IT systems 
 
The risk of partial or complete failure of some or all of the Group’s IT systems, including any 
potential weaknesses in, or failure of, the Group’s ‘business continuity’ strategy and systems, could result 
in material adverse effects on the Group’s business and results of operations, reputational damage, 
potential loss of customers, regulatory sanctions and/or potential requirement to hold additional regulatory 
capital. 
 
Data protection 
 
The Group processes significant volumes of personal data relating to customers (including name, 
address, identification and banking details) as part of its business. The failure to collect accurately, 
maintain and keep safe data (including personal data), processed by the Group could result in reputational 
damage, customer redress, and/or potential regulatory penalties. 
 
Business continuity plans 
 
The risk of poor external service delivery, inadequate internal management, or inadequate 
business continuity plans (for example during a global pandemic or in a disaster) of third-party service 
providers (including outsourcing providers) could result in material adverse effects on the Group’s 
business and results of operations, reputational damage, potential loss of customers, and/or potential 
requirement to hold additional regulatory capital. 
 
Modelling risk 
 
The Group uses models across many business units including key financial and credit models. 
There is a risk that these models may be developed without adequate oversight and testing prior to use by 
the business, which could result in an adverse impact on the Group through inappropriate decision making 
and reporting thereby resulting in potential loss, and/or potential requirement to hold additional regulatory 
capital. 
 
Failure to keep appropriate documentation, records and archives 
 
As a regulated group operating in the financial services sector, the Group is required to comply 
with documentation and record retention requirements, including pursuant to its regulatory obligations. 
The risk of a failure to keep appropriate, accurate and regulatory compliant documentation, records and 
archives could result in reputational damage, customer redress, and/or regulatory penalties. 
 
Mis-selling financial products and/ or mishandling of complaints 
 
The Group may be subject to allegations of mis-selling of financial products and/or the 
mishandling of customer complaints. This could have an adverse effect on the Group’s operations 
resulting in reputational damage, customer redress, regulatory fines, withdrawal of products and/or 
potential loss of customers, any or all of which could result in the incurrence of significant costs, may 
require provisions to be recorded in the financial statements and could adversely impact future revenues 
from affected products. 
 
Decreases in the credit quality of the Group’s borrowers and counterparties, could adversely 
affect the Group’s business 
 
Credit risk is the risk of loss resulting from a counterparty being unable to meet its contractual 
obligations to the Group in respect of loans or other financial transactions.  This risk includes counterparty 
default risk, concentration risk, cross border transfer risk, credit quality deterioration risk and collateral 
value deterioration risk.  Credit risk arises from loans and advances to customers and from certain other 
financial transactions, such as those entered into by the Group with financial institutions, sovereigns and

--- Page 31 ---
M-57468134-18 
31
state institutions.  Credit facilities can be largely grouped into the following categories: cash advances 
(e.g. loans, overdrafts, revolving credit facilities and bonds), associated commitments and letters of offer; 
credit related contingent facilities (issuing of guarantees / performance bonds / letters of credit); derivative 
instruments; and settlement lines. The Group has exposures to residential mortgages, retail borrowers, 
small and medium sized enterprises (SMEs) and corporate borrowers in different sectors and investors in 
commercial property and residential property. 
 
In the ordinary course of its operations, the Group estimates and establishes impairment loss 
allowances for credit risks and the potential credit losses inherent in these exposures. This process, which 
is critical to the Group’s results and financial condition, requires complex judgements, including forecasts 
of how changing macroeconomic conditions might impair the ability of borrowers to repay their loans. The 
Group may fail to adequately identify the relevant factors or accurately estimate the impact and/or 
magnitude of identified factors, which could materially adversely affect the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
 
Further, there is a risk that, despite the Group’s belief that it conducts an accurate assessment of 
borrower credit quality, borrowers are unable to meet their commitments as they fall due as a result of 
borrower specific circumstances, macro-economic factors or other external factors, including the Covid-19 
pandemic (see the risk factor entitled “The Covid-19 pandemic continues to impact the global, Irish and 
UK economies" above). The failure of borrowers to meet their commitments as they fall due may result in 
higher impairment loss allowances or a negative impact on fair value in the Group’s lending portfolio. A 
deterioration in borrower credit quality and the consequent increase in impairments could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
 
The Group’s primary markets are Ireland and the UK. At 30 June 2021, based on the geographic 
location of the business unit where the asset is booked, 62 per cent of the Group’s loans and advances to 
customers were in Ireland, 37 per cent in the UK and 1 per cent in other jurisdictions. As at 30 June 2021, 
residential mortgages represented 56 per cent of total loans and advances to customers. Residential 
mortgage exposures originated and managed in Ireland and the UK represent a material concentration of 
credit risk. 
 
Economic conditions may deteriorate in the Group’s main markets, which may lead to, amongst 
other things, counterparties and borrowers experiencing an adverse financial situation, declines in values 
of collateral (including residential and commercial property values) and investments, increases in 
unemployment levels, weak consumer and corporate spending, declining corporate profitability, declining 
equity markets and bond markets and an increase in corporate insolvencies. This may give rise to 
deterioration in the credit quality of the Group’s borrowers and counterparties and increased difficulties in 
relation to the recoverability of loans and other amounts due from such borrowers and counterparties, 
resulting in significant increases in the Group’s impaired loans and impairment loss allowances. 
Uncertainty in the global and Eurozone economies, including, as noted above, as a result of the Covid-19 
pandemic and the UK's withdrawal from the EU, could result in downgrades and deterioration in the credit 
quality of the Group’s customer, sovereign and banking exposures. 
 
The Group’s level of non-performing exposures (NPEs) on loans and advances to customers 
remains elevated 
 
The proportion of the Group's loan portfolio which comprises NPEs is elevated and there can be 
no assurance that the Group will be able to reduce the level of its NPEs at the current rate. As at 30 June 
2021, the Group had recognised impairment loss allowances of €2.1 billion and had NPEs of €4.4 billion. 
The Group’s loan portfolio may be adversely impacted by the adverse economic impacts of the Covid-19 
pandemic which may increase the proportion of the Group's loan portfolio designated as NPEs.  
Furthermore, the Group’s ability to reduce the level of its NPEs is dependent on its ability to restructure 
and/or rehabilitate these loans in addition to its early engagement activities for early arrears cases or 
loans experiencing potential financial distress. The willingness and ability of delinquent or defaulting 
borrowers to agree to a voluntary restructuring of their loans is materially dependent on the stability of the 
global economy, particularly the Irish economy and the real estate market, and an effective and efficient

--- Page 32 ---
M-57468134-18 
32
regulatory insolvency and foreclosure process in Ireland (e.g. requirements of the Code of Conduct on 
Mortgage Arrears (the CCMA), insolvency legislation, court processes and bankruptcy proceedings, none 
of which are factors within the Group’s control). 
 
While any sale of NPEs or portfolios of NPEs by the Group would reduce the level of its NPEs 
and release the provisions held against them, the sale could result in a loss being recorded, which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s income for the relevant financial period and the Group’s 
capital position in the longer term. 
 
In the 2018 Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) letter, the ECB advised the 
Group of its supervisory expectations in respect of the Group’s NPE stock at March 2018 and the 
minimum coverage levels (by way of additional provisioning or capital allocation) which are expected to be 
achieved by December 2021, increasing on a straight line basis to 100 per cent. by December 2025. The 
Group is also subject to similar requirements in respect of its newly-emerged NPE stock from 2018 
onwards. The ECB and other regulatory authorities may introduce new and/or additional requirements in 
relation to how the Group deals with its NPEs in the future. 
 
Any change to the way in which the Group deals with its NPEs as a result of the Group’s 
compliance with regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects.  
 
The Group is subject to regulatory regimes which may require that it holds or raises additional 
capital and/or eligible liabilities or result in increased costs 
 
As a financial institution, the Group is regulated by a number of authorities, principally Irish, EU 
and UK regulators. The regulatory regimes to which the Group is subject continue to evolve and the ability 
of the Group to comply with applicable regulatory regimes is critical to its ability to implement its business 
plans. For a more detailed discussion of applicable regulation affecting the Group please see the section 
of this Base Prospectus entitled "Regulation". 
 
Regulatory capital requirements 
 
As of November 2014, the Group came under the supervision of the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism (the SSM) established pursuant to the Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 of 15 October 
2013 conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions (the SSM Regulation). Accordingly, the Group’s compliance with the prudential 
requirements of regulatory developments, including the Capital Requirements Directive IV (Directive 
2013/36/EU) (CRD IV), the Capital Requirements Directive V (Directive 2019/878/EU) (CRD V), the 
Capital Requirements Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 575/2013) (CRR) and the Capital Requirements 
Regulation II (Regulation (EU) No 2019/876) (CRR II), the European Union (Capital Requirements) 
Regulations 2014 and the European Union (Capital Requirements No. 2) Regulations 2014, which 
implement the CRD IV in Ireland (together, the CRD Regulations), is significantly dependent on the 
SSM’s interpretation and decisions in relation to these requirements following its periodic inspections of 
the Group within the scope of the SSM Regulation. As such, there is a risk that Group's ability to do 
business may be constrained should the SSM's interpretation of its capital requirements be more 
restrictive than the Group had anticipated. 
 
Following the assumption by the ECB of its supervisory responsibilities under the SSM, the ECB 
has been concerned with the implementation of a more demanding and restrictive regulatory framework 
with respect to, amongst other things, capital ratios, leverage, liquidity and disclosure requirements which, 
notwithstanding the benefit to the financial system, will imply additional costs for the Group and other 
financial institutions, potentially affecting the Group's ability to lend to customers and generate profits. 
 
MREL requirements

--- Page 33 ---
M-57468134-18 
33
To support the effectiveness of bail-in and other resolution tools, Article 130(1) of the Directive 
2014/59/EU (the BRRD) (as subsequently amended by Directive 2019/879EU (BRRD II)) required that 
from 1 January 2016 Member States apply the BRRD’s provisions requiring EU credit institutions and 
certain investment firms (collectively, BRRD Institutions) to maintain minimum requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities (MREL), subject to the provisions of the MREL regulatory technical standards. 
 
The MREL requirements imposed on the Group may be subject to ongoing review and could 
change materially requiring the Group to raise additional funds in order to meet its obligations. In addition, 
the cost of such funding could be higher than that which the Group might otherwise have incurred in 
circumstances where it was not subject to the relevant MREL requirements. The MREL requirements 
could have an impact on the Group’s operations, structure, costs and/or capital/funding requirements. 
Furthermore, any disruption to or volatility in capital markets caused by macroeconomic events could 
make it more difficult and costly for the Group to raise the required MREL. 
 
Introduction of new risk-weight floors 
 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the BCBS ) finalised the Basel 
III framework which focuses on reducing variation in the calculation of risk-weighted assets (RWAs ) 
regardless of whether standardised approaches or internal models are used. The full impact on the 
industry of these rules is still to be determined as the rules have yet to be implemented in Europe. The 
principal elements of the proposal include a capital floor equivalent to 72.5 per cent. of the RWA 
requirements under the standardised approach, to be implemented over a phased-in period of five years 
commencing from January 2022. However, in light of Covid-19, the BCBS deferred the implementation by 
one year to January 2023, with the accompanying transitional arrangements also extended by one year to 
January 2028. The European Commission proposes to give banks and supervisors additional time to 
properly implement the reform in their processes, systems and practices, and to start applying the 
new rules on a phased basis from 1 January 2025 and being fully phased in by 1 January 2030. The 
extended implementation period will allow banks to focus on managing financial risks stemming from 
the Covid-19 crisis and on financing the recovery, and give them enough time to adjust before the 
reform reaches its full effect. When calculating the floor, institutions will be required to calculate 
standardised requirements for different risk classes, including inter alia credit risk, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk and operational risk. Additionally, institutions will be required to disclose a comparison 
between the RWA requirement based on internal approaches and that under a standardised approach. 
The cost of complying with any new standardised approach and ancillary matters would have an impact 
on the Group's operations, structure, costs and/or capital /funding requirements. 
 
Risk associated with failure to comply with capital adequacy requirements/funding requirements 
 
Capital adequacy and its effective management are critical to the Group’s ability to operate its 
businesses and to pursue its strategy. The Group’s business and financial condition would be affected if 
the Group was insufficiently capitalised. This could be caused by a materially worse than expected 
financial performance (including, for example, reductions in earnings as a result of impairment charges, or 
an unexpected change in interest rates, or unexpected increases in RWAs).  
 
In addition, if the requirements or interpretations of regulatory authorities applicable to the Group 
are more stringent than, or otherwise diverge from, those applying to other Irish or other financial 
institutions, this could result in a competitive disadvantage for the Group relative to such other financial 
institutions, and may result in adverse investor reaction and increased costs for the Group. 
 
If the Group fails to meet its prudential requirements (including capital, liquidity and MREL 
requirements) in full, or to exceed its minimum requirements by a margin which the Group’s regulators or 
the markets consider satisfactory, or if there is any market perception that such a failure has occurred or 
may occur, or if the Group underperforms or is perceived to have underperformed in any EBA stress 
testing exercise or similar exercise conducted in respect of the Group, this could materially adversely 
affect the Group’s ability to conduct its business and may result in an increase in the Group’s cost of 
funding, a requirement to raise additional capital, liquidity and/or MREL resources and/or other regulatory

--- Page 34 ---
M-57468134-18 
34
actions, including (but not limited to) increasing retained earnings, suspending dividends and other 
discretionary payments, public censure or the imposition of sanctions. These factors may affect the 
Group’s capacity to continue its business operations, generate a return on capital, pay future dividends or 
pursue acquisitions or other strategic opportunities, impacting future growth potential.  
 
The Group is exposed to risks in relation to compliance with anti-corruption laws, anti-money 
laundering laws, laws to prevent the financing of terrorism and the imposition of economic 
sanctions programmes against certain countries, citizens and entities 
 
The Group is required to comply with the laws and regulations of various jurisdictions where it 
conducts operations. In particular, the Group’s operations are subject to various anti-corruption, anti-
money laundering and terrorism financing laws, including the key principles of the UK Bribery Act of 2010 
as part of the Group’s Anti-Bribery Policy Standard, and economic sanction programmes, including those 
administered by the United Nations and the EU, as well as those of the United States Department of 
Treasury’s Office for Foreign Assets Control. 
 
Failure to comply with financial sanctions legislation or to seek to circumvent its provisions or 
failure by the Group to adopt policies and procedures to be followed by persons involved in the conduct of 
its business, and that specify the Group’s obligations in respect of the assessment and management of 
sanctions risk are criminal offences punishable upon conviction by monetary fines or terms of 
imprisonment or both. In addition, any failure of the Group’s sanctions policies and procedures could lead 
to non-compliance with such sanctions and damage to the Group’s reputation. 
 
Although the Group has internal policies and procedures and several monitoring measures 
designed to ensure compliance with applicable anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and terrorism 
financing laws, and sanctions regulations, these policies and procedures cannot provide complete 
assurance that the Group’s employees, directors, officers, partners, agents, service providers or 
introducers will not take actions in violation of its policies and procedures (or otherwise in violation of the 
relevant anti-corruption laws, and sanctions regulations) for which the Group or they may be ultimately 
held responsible. Litigation or investigations relating to alleged or suspected violations of anti-corruption, 
anti-money laundering and terrorism financing laws, and sanctions regulations could lead to financial 
penalties being imposed on the Group, limits being placed on the Group’s activities, the Group’s 
authorisations and licences being revoked, damage to the Group’s reputation and other consequences 
that could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition and/or prospects. Further, violations of anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and terrorism 
financing laws, and sanctions regulations could be costly. 
 
In recent years, enforcement of these laws and regulations against financial institutions in Ireland 
and the UK has become more stringent and proactive, (for example, resulting in several landmark fines 
against Irish and UK financial institutions). Financial crime and anti-money laundering remains a key 
priority for regulators. The Central Bank has also focused on anti-money laundering and countering the 
financing of terrorism and financial compliance in the Irish financial services sector. 
 
Failure by the Group to comply with all of the regulatory and legislative requirements in relation to 
anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, the financing of terrorism and/or sanction programmes in each of 
the jurisdictions in which it operates could have a material adverse effect on the Group, including its 
business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects (including receipt of dividends, 
distributions, loans or advances by the Group from its subsidiaries), the imposition of a regulatory fine or 
other sanction, conviction of the directors and/or damage to the Group’s reputation, all of which may 
negatively impact the Group’s ability to meet its obligations under the Securities.  
 
The Group is exposed to conduct and regulatory risk in the execution of the Group’s activities and 
processes 
 
Conduct and regulatory risk is the risk that the Group, and/or its staff, conduct business in an 
inappropriate or negligent manner that leads to adverse customer outcomes. It includes all Group

--- Page 35 ---
M-57468134-18 
35
customers and it also includes the risk the Group’s wholesale market activities do not meet the necessary 
standards of integrity and the level of professionalism required or expected. BOIG plc is a non-operating 
holding company and is the ultimate parent of the Group, and is consequently exposed to conduct and 
regulatory risk within the Group. 
 
Conduct and regulatory risk is one of the key Group risks. The Group Risk Framework describes 
the overarching approach to risk management; it describes the roles and responsibilities across the 
Group, the risks the Group is exposed to, the risk process the Group follows and key enablers of the 
process. The Conduct and Regulatory Risk Framework (CRRF) sets out the structures and methodologies 
by which the Group identifies and manages conduct and regulatory risk. Key management / mitigation 
tools for conduct and regulatory risk are outlined in the CRRF.  
 
The Group is nonetheless exposed to conduct and regulatory risk. Conduct risk arises from day-
to-day execution of business processes, provision of sales and services, management of key stakeholder 
expectations and the various activities performed by staff, contractors and third party suppliers of the 
Group. The Group is exposed to conduct and regulatory risk as a direct and indirect consequence of its 
normal business activities. These risks may materialise from failures to comply with regulatory 
requirements or expectations in the day-to-day conduct of its business, as an outcome of risk events in 
other key risk categories and/or from changes in external market expectations or conditions.  
 
Negative public, industry, government or other key external stakeholder opinion can result from 
the actual or perceived manner in which the Group conducts its business activities or from actual or 
perceived practices in the banking and finance industry. Such negative opinions may adversely affect the 
Group’s ability to keep and attract customers which in turn may adversely affect the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. While the Group has a code of conduct in place 
which sets out the standards expected of all Directors, officers and employees of the Group, in addition to 
Conduct Risk Policy, Policy Standards and Frameworks, the Group may not be successful in avoiding 
damage to its business from conduct risk. 
 
Failure to adequately address conduct and regulatory risk in a timely manner, or at all, could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or 
prospects and, in particular, the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Securities. 
 
Downgrades to the Irish sovereign’s credit ratings, BOI’s credit ratings or BOIG plc’s credit ratings 
or their outlooks could impair the Group’s access to private sector funding, trigger additional 
collateral requirements and weaken its financial position. 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term / short-term sovereign credit ratings for 
Ireland were: AA- (Stable) / A-1+ from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P); A2 (Positive) / P-1 from 
Moody’s France S.A.S (Moodys France); A+ (Stable) / F1+ from Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch); A+ 
(Stable) / a-1 from Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I); AA- (Stable) /K1+ from KBRA; and A 
(high) (Positive trend) / R-1 (middle) from DBRS, Inc. (Source: National Treasury Management Agency 
website). S&P, Moody’s France and Fitch are established in the EU and are registered under the CRA 
Regulation. Moody’s (as defined below) is established in the United Kingdom and is registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.  DBRS, Inc. and R&I are not established in the EU and are not registered under the 
CRA Regulation.  
 
In general, European regulated investors may use credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the 
EEA only if they are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation (or are endorsed and published or distributed by subscription by such a credit 
rating agency in accordance with the CRA Regulation). Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar 
restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK 
regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus:

--- Page 36 ---
M-57468134-18 
36
 
• 
the long-term / short-term senior unsecured credit ratings for BOI were: “A- (Negative)” / 
“A-2” from S&P; “A2 (Stable)” / “Prime-1” from Moody’s Investors Services Limited 
(Moody’s); and “BBB+ (Stable)” / “F2” from Fitch; and 
 
• 
the long-term / short-term senior unsecured credit ratings for BOIG plc were: “BBB- 
(Negative)” / “A-3” from S&P; “Baa1 (Stable)” from Moody’s; and “BBB (Stable)” / “F2” 
from Fitch. 
 
The rating issued by Moody’s has been endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by each of S&P and Fitch have been endorsed by S&P 
Global Ratings UK Limited and Fitch Ratings Limited, respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
 
Downgrades of the Irish sovereign credit ratings could negatively impact access to market funding 
for the Irish State and may impact the Group’s access to private sector funding, trigger additional collateral 
requirements and weaken the financial position of the Group. Downgrades could also adversely impact 
the funding received from Irish Government bonds used as collateral for the purposes of accessing the 
liquidity provision operations offered by monetary authorities (the Monetary Authorities) or secured 
borrowing from wholesale markets and the value of Irish Government bonds held by the Group’s life 
assurance business to meet its liabilities. 
 
The Group’s credit ratings are subject to change and could be downgraded as a result of many 
factors, including a reduction in the Group’s credit strength and the credit strength of the Group’s 
collateral, the adverse economic effects of the Covid-19 pandemic, or the failure of the Group to 
implement its strategies successfully. Downgrades in the credit ratings of the Group could have a negative 
impact on the volume and pricing of its private sector funding and its financial position, restrict the Group’s 
access to the capital and wholesale funding markets, trigger material collateral requirements or associated 
obligations in other secured funding arrangements or derivative contracts, make ineligible or lower the 
liquidity value of pledged securities and weaken the Group’s competitive position in certain markets. In 
addition, downgrades in the credit rating of the Group may have an adverse effect on the Group’s ability to 
hedge its foreign currency and other market risk exposures and to manage its Euro and non-Euro liquidity 
reserves. The availability of deposits is often dependent on credit ratings and downgrades for the Group 
could lead to withdrawals of retail deposits and/or corporate deposits which could result in deterioration in 
the Group’s funding and liquidity position. If any of the above was to happen, it could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects and on 
its liquidity and funding. This would further limit its access to funding and could further materially affect the 
Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects, and could prevent the Group 
meeting its minimum funding requirements.  
 
The Group routinely transacts with counterparties in the financial services industry, including 
brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks and other institutional clients. Sovereign credit 
pressures may weigh on Irish financial institutions, limiting their funding operations and weakening their 
capital adequacy by reducing the market value of their sovereign and other fixed income holdings. These 
liquidity and capital concerns could adversely affect inter-institutional financial transactions.  
 
Lack of liquidity to fund the Group’s business activities could have an adverse impact 
 
The Group strategy is to be a substantially customer deposit funded bank and to focus on 
maintaining stable relationship based deposits through its retail distribution network in Ireland and its 
strategic partnerships in the UK with its loan portfolios funded by retail customer deposits and any residual 
funding requirement principally met through term wholesale funding and equity.   
 
Any increases in the cost of such funding would adversely affect the Group’s margins and results 
of operations, and a lack of, or decrease in, the availability of such retail and corporate deposit funding

--- Page 37 ---
M-57468134-18 
37
could restrict the Group’s ability to fund its balance sheet and could constrain new lending which could in 
turn negatively impact the Group’s future growth. 
 
Furthermore, any factors which result in significant withdrawals of deposits, such as the impact of 
negative interest rates on deposit volumes and/or a serious loss of confidence by retail depositors would 
have a significant impact on the Group’s liquidity position. This could lead to the imposition of 
administrative actions or sanctions against the Group by its regulators and in an extreme scenario lead to 
a suspension or revocation of the Group’s banking licence and could otherwise adversely impact the 
Group's ability to fund its business. See the risk factors entitled “The Covid-19 pandemic continues to 
impact the global, Irish and UK economies” and “The Covid-19 pandemic continues to impact the Group” 
above. 
 
The Group defines wholesale funding as unsecured interbank borrowings, senior unsecured debt 
securities issued, secured wholesale market borrowings, the proceeds of securitisations and funding from 
the Monetary Authorities.  
 
The Group’s use of wholesale funding was €20.4 billion as at 30 June 2021 (inclusive of its 
TLTRO participation which benefits net interest income) representing less than 18 per cent of its funding 
base. Notwithstanding the relatively low quantum of wholesale funding required by the Group, if wholesale 
markets remained closed for an extended or prolonged period, or if there was a significant reduction in 
investor demand for the Group’s wholesale funding issuance, or a significant increase on the acquisition 
cost of wholesale funding, this may have an adverse impact on the liquidity and profit and loss position of 
the Group and may result in reliance by the Group on funding from Monetary Authorities. See the risk 
factors entitled “The Covid-19 pandemic continues to impact the global, Irish and UK economies” and “The 
Covid-19 pandemic continues to impact the Group” above.  
 
In the Eurozone, the ECB and the national central banks have adopted monetary easing policies 
and, consequently, made available unconventional monetary policy tools such as Targeted Longer-Term 
Refinancing Operations, and asset purchase programmes. Further, they introduced a tiered interest rate 
system to mitigate the negative impact of low yields on the financial sector. Financial institutions in the 
Eurozone, including the Group, utilise these programmes and, given the interdependence between 
financial institutions in the Eurozone, the cessation of these programmes and of any other accommodative 
monetary policies could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of these financial 
institutions, including the Group, and any deterioration, or perceived deterioration, in these financial 
institutions could also result in an adverse effect on the Group in terms of its perception, business, 
financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. There can be no assurance that the ECB or the 
national central banks will continue to adopt accommodative monetary policies or that the employment of 
these policies will be sufficient to address the fiscal risks which remain. 
 
The Group must comply with the regulatory liquidity requirements of the SSM and the 
requirements of local regulators in those jurisdictions where such requirements apply to the Group. 
 
SSM requirements include compliance with CRD IV and CRD V (as defined under “Regulatory 
capital requirements” above) which is intended to be a comprehensive set of measures to strengthen the 
regulation, supervision and risk management of the banking sector.  
 
Relevant supervisory authorities may determine additional liquidity requirements specific to the 
Group (such specific additional liquidity or capital requirements are commonly referred to as Pillar 2 add-
ons). Compliance with these requirements can be impacted by a range of factors, including the stability of 
customer deposits, the split between unsecured and secured funding, and the mix of liquidity facilities 
provided by Monetary Authorities and the concentration of wholesale funding maturity, and may be subject 
to change in the future. Failure to comply with these liquidity requirements could result in regulatory 
sanctions and adversely impact the Group’s reputation and prospects. 
 
The Group is subject to the emerging risks associated with climate change

--- Page 38 ---
M-57468134-18 
38
The physical and transition risks of climate change are a developing and growing agenda item for 
financial institutions globally and an increasing focus for key stakeholders including investors and 
customers. Climate change, and businesses' response to the emerging threats, are under increasing 
scrutiny by governments, regulators and the public alike. These include sooner than anticipated physical 
risks resulting from changing climate and weather patterns and extreme weather-related events, where 
the Group, its customer base and the wider economy could be impacted by changes in asset prices, 
disruption of business activity, as well as transition risks resulting from the process of adjustment towards 
a lower carbon economy, where the Group and its customer base could be impacted by a range of factors 
such as changes to consumer behaviour and environmental legislation. There is uncertainty in the scale 
and timing of technology, commercial and regulatory changes associated with the transition to a low 
carbon economy. In particular, governments and regulators may introduce increasingly stringent rules and 
policies designed to achieve targeted outcomes, which could increase compliance costs and reduce credit 
quality for the Group, if the Group is unable to adapt sufficiently quickly. How the Group assesses and 
responds to these developments and challenges could increase its costs of business and reduce asset 
quality, and a failure to identify and adapt its business to meet new rules or evolving expectations could 
have an adverse impact on the Group’s business, operations and assets. 
 
The Irish legislation and regulations in relation to mortgages, as well as judicial procedures for the 
enforcement of mortgages, the custom, practice and interpretation of such legislation, regulations 
and procedures, may result in higher levels of default by the Group’s customers, delays in the 
Group’s recoveries in its mortgage portfolio and increased impairments 
 
Legislative and regulatory requirements such as the Land and Conveyancing Law Reform 
(Amendment) Act 2019, the Personal Insolvency Acts (the Personal Insolvency Acts as defined below) 
and the CCMA could result in delays in the Group’s recoveries in respect of its mortgage portfolio and 
increased impairments, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects.  
 
Furthermore, in instances where the Group seeks to enforce security on commercial or residential 
property (in particular over a principal dwelling house (PDH), the Group may encounter significant delays 
arising from judicial procedures, which often entail significant legal and other costs. Custom, practice and 
interpretation of Irish legislation, regulations and procedures may also contribute to delays or restrictions 
on the enforcement of security. The courts or legislature in Ireland may have particular regard to the 
interests and circumstances of borrowers in disputes relating to the enforcement of security referred to 
above or sale of their loans which is different to the custom and practice of courts in other jurisdictions. As 
a result of these factors, enforcement of security or recovery of delinquent loans in Ireland may be more 
difficult, take longer and involve higher costs for lenders as compared to other jurisdictions, or it may not 
be feasible for the Court to enforce security.  
 
As of August 2019, the Land and Conveyancing Law Reform (Amendment) Act 2019 (LCRAA) 
has come into force. The LCRAA adopts similar protective measures for home owners as proposed in the 
Keeping People in their Homes Bill 2017. As a result, the Group will have to meet an increased evidential 
burden in order to demonstrate why a court order for possession of a mortgaged property would be 
appropriate in light of the borrower’s personal circumstances. This could result in delays in the Group’s 
recoveries in respect of its mortgage portfolio and increased impairments. Legislation has also been 
introduced with regard to loans sold to third parties under the Consumer Protection (Regulation of Credit 
Servicing Firms) Act 2018, which regulates third party loan acquirers and their loan servicers and may 
give rise to further implications for future loan sales undertaken by the Group.  
 
The Irish Government may also seek to influence how credit institutions set interest rates on 
mortgages, may amend the Personal Insolvency Acts to reduce the protections currently afforded to 
mortgage holders thereunder or may enact other legislation or introduce further regulation that affects the 
rights of lenders in other ways which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. Furthermore, the laws and regulations to which 
the Group is already subject could change as a result of changes in interpretation or practice by courts, 
regulators or other authorities.

--- Page 39 ---
M-57468134-18 
39
 
In common with other residential mortgage lenders, the Group faces increased supervisory 
engagement and focus by the Irish Government, the Oireachtas and regulators such as the Central Bank 
and the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission, on its loan book, in particular its residential 
mortgage book, with respect to such matters as the interest rates it charges on loans. This could result in 
increased regulation of the Group’s loan book which may impact the Group’s level of lending, interest 
income and net interest margin and/or increased operational costs.  
 
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects.  
 
Changes to mortgage lending rules 
 
 
On 9 February 2015, the Central Bank introduced mortgage lending rules, under the Central Bank 
(Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 (Section 48) (Housing Loan Requirements) Regulations 2015 
(the Housing Loan Regulations 2015), which include loan-to-value (LTV) rules which set a minimum 
deposit requirement for the purchase of property, and loan-to-income (LTI) rules which set a maximum 
mortgage value which could be borrowed, measured against the borrower’s gross salary. Specific LTV 
and LTI limits were introduced for purchasers of their principal dwelling houses including separate rules for 
first-time buyers, as well as those purchasing buy-to-let properties. These rules moderated residential 
property prices in Ireland and resulted in a reduction in mortgage lending following their introduction. 
These rules are subject to annual review by the Central Bank.  Any changes to LTV and/or LTI limits may 
result in further reductions in mortgage lending and could therefore have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
 
The Group’s business and operations are subject to substantial regulation and supervision and 
can be negatively affected by its non-compliance with certain existing regulatory requirements and 
any adverse regulatory and governmental developments 
 
The Group conducts its businesses subject to ongoing regulation and associated regulatory risks, 
including the effects of changes in the laws, regulations, policies, voluntary codes of practice and 
interpretations. Future changes in laws, regulation or other policies are unpredictable and beyond the 
control of the Group and could materially adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition, results 
of operations and/or prospects. 
 
The Group’s operations are contingent upon licences issued by financial authorities in the 
countries in which the Group operates, including Ireland and the UK. Violations of rules and regulations, 
whether intentional or unintentional, may lead to the withdrawal of some of the Group’s licences, the 
imposition of constraints on its activities, or the imposition of financial or other penalties. The imposition of 
significant penalties or the revocation or variation of licences for members of the Group could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations 
and/or prospects. 
 
Regulators and legislators have adopted a wide range of changes to the laws and regulations 
affecting financial institutions which are designed to address the perceived causes of the global and 
Eurozone financial crises and to limit systemic risks. The adoption of these new laws and regulations has 
had, and may in the future continue to have, a material impact on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
 
Increased regulatory intervention may lead to requests from regulators to carry out wide-ranging 
reviews. The Group is unable to predict what regulatory changes may be imposed in the future as a result 
of regulatory initiatives in the EU and elsewhere or by the ECB, the UK Prudential Regulation Authority 
(the PRA) and other supervisory authorities. If the Group is required to make additional provisions or to 
increase its reserves as a result of potential regulatory changes, or the approach adopted by the 
regulators of the markets in which the Group operates changes, this could have a material adverse impact 
on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects.

--- Page 40 ---
M-57468134-18 
40
 
The Group is subject to BRRD and SRR 
 
The BRRD, which establishes a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions 
and investment firms, has been implemented in Ireland by the European Union (Bank Recovery and 
Resolution) Regulations 2015 and 2019 and in the UK through amendments to the special resolution 
regime (SRR) established under the Banking Act 2009.  See further "Description of the Issuer and the 
Group – Regulation" below. 
 
Under the national implementation of the BRRD, competent authorities and resolution authorities 
are given broad powers with respect to such institutions. Credit institutions to which the BRRD applies that 
are subsidiaries of other credit institutions to which the BRRD applies, such as Bank of Ireland (UK) plc, 
may be subject to independent resolution action by their national resolution authorities in addition to (but 
generally in coordination with) action taken by the resolution authority supervising the parent entity. Any 
such measures, if used in respect of Bank of Ireland, the Issuer and/or any other member of the Group or 
any securities of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on Bank of Ireland, the Issuer 
and/or any other member of the Group, including its shareholders and unsecured creditors, and any 
market perception or expectation that any such measures may be used may also severely adversely affect 
the market price of any securities. 
 
Personal Insolvency Legislation 
 
The Personal Insolvency Act 2012 created a regime in Ireland for voluntary negotiated debt 
resolution options as alternatives to bankruptcy and reduced the timescale for discharge from bankruptcy 
from twelve years to three years. The bankruptcy term was further reduced from three years to one year 
under the Bankruptcy (Amendment) Act 2015. The Personal Insolvency (Amendment) Act 2015 (together 
with the Personal Insolvency Act 2012, the Personal Insolvency Acts) gave new powers to the Courts, in 
certain circumstances, to review and, where appropriate, approve insolvency proposals that have been 
rejected by a mortgage lender in relation to a principal private residence.  There is a risk that as a result of 
the Personal Insolvency Acts and amendments to them, borrowers’ behaviours may change regarding 
payment obligations which could have an adverse impact on the Group’s results, financial condition, 
reputation and/or other prospects. 
 
The Group is exposed to market risks such as changes in interest rates including the continuation 
of the exceptionally low interest rate environment for an extended period, interest rate spreads (or 
bases) and foreign exchange rates 
 
Market risk is the risk of loss arising from movements in interest rates, foreign exchange rates or 
other market prices. Market risk arises from the structure of the Group’s balance sheet, the Group’s 
business mix and the Group’s discretionary risk-taking. The Group recognises that the effective 
management of market risk is essential to the maintenance of stable earnings, the preservation of 
shareholder value and the achievement of the Group's strategic objectives. It is Group policy to minimise 
exposure to market risk, subject to pre-defined limits for discretionary risk. Nonetheless, certain structural 
market risks remain and, in some cases, are difficult to eliminate fully.  
 
Notwithstanding the overriding objective of running minimal levels of market risk, certain structural 
elements of interest rate risk in the banking book remain, notably, structural basis risk and the earnings 
risk that arises from the presence of non-interest bearing or behaviourally fixed-rate assets and liabilities 
on the balance sheet. In addition, certain economic risks are inherent in the Group’s balance sheet, 
including funding of an element of the Group’s Sterling balance sheet from Euro, resulting in a structural 
currency mismatch exposure. While the Group employs a range of hedging and risk mitigation methods, 
the Group remains potentially exposed to adverse movements in interest rates, interest rate bases (the 
differential between variable interest rates), cross currency bases (primarily the cost of borrowing in Euro 
to fund assets in Sterling) and exchange rates.

--- Page 41 ---
M-57468134-18 
41
The continuance of an exceptionally low interest rate environment for an extended period into the 
future or a material further reduction in interest rates could adversely affect the Group’s financial condition 
and prospects through the compression of net interest margin, the low absolute level of yields at which 
certain liabilities are invested, together with the rate at which pension liabilities are discounted. In 
particular, such conditions may have a material adverse impact on the Group's Common Equity Tier 1 
(CET1) ratios, which may in turn constrain the Group's ability to carry out its business. 
 
The Group’s operations have inherent reputational risk 
 
Reputational risk is the risk to earnings or franchise value arising from an adverse perception of 
the Group's image on the part of customers, suppliers, counterparties, shareholders, investors, staff, 
legislators, regulators, partners or the general public.  
 
Reputational risk arises as a direct or indirect consequence of the Group’s operations and 
business. Reputation is not a standalone risk but overlaps with other risk areas and may often arise as a 
consequence of external events or operational risk related issues.  
 
Reputational issues may arise, for example, as a result of:  
 
• 
breaching or facing allegations of having breached legal regulatory requirements: 
 
• 
failing to or facing allegations of having failed to maintain appropriate standards of customer 
privacy, data protection, customer service and/or conduct towards the customer; 
 
• 
technology failures that impact upon payment processing, customer services and/or customer 
accounts; 
 
• 
regulatory action and/or litigation; or 
 
• 
other specific events such as media speculation and/or political comment. 
 
A failure to address any such issues appropriately could impact the Group’s reputation with key 
stakeholders with impacts including but not limited to making customers, depositors, counterparties and 
investors unwilling to do business with the Group. This could adversely affect the Group by causing harm 
to earnings or franchise value. 
 
The Group is exposed to litigation and regulatory investigation risk 
 
The Group operates in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to potentially significant 
litigation and regulatory investigation and other risk. The Group is and may become involved in various 
disputes and legal proceedings, including litigation and regulatory investigations. Legal and regulatory 
actions which could give rise to such risks include actions under the Central Bank's Administrative 
Sanctions Procedure, or in respect of competition law or data protection legislation including the General 
Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679. 
 
The Group participated fully in the tracker mortgage examination initiated officially in Ireland in 
December 2015 by the Central Bank (the Tracker Review). The Group undertook the review required 
under the Tracker Review and provided the requisite report to the Central Bank on 30 September 2016. 
The Central Bank published its final report on the Tracker Review on 16 July 2019 and confirmed that the 
supervisory phase of the Tracker Review has now closed, but the Central Bank is continuing its ongoing 
enforcement investigations in relation to tracker mortgage related issues. 
 
As announced by the Central Bank in its update on the Tracker Review for April 2018, 
enforcement investigations under the Central Bank’s administrative sanctions regime commenced against 
six lenders, including the Group, in relation to tracker mortgage related issues. The Group is cooperating 
fully with the Central Bank in relation to the enforcement investigations, however, the timing and nature of

--- Page 42 ---
M-57468134-18 
42
the ultimate conclusion of these matters and the potential implications for the Group’s business are as yet 
unknown and could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, 
financial condition and/or prospects.  
 
Disputes, legal proceedings, regulatory investigations and administrative sanctions proceedings 
are subject to many uncertainties, and their outcomes are often difficult to predict. Any such disputes, 
proceedings and/or investigations can have adverse effects on the Group, including negative publicity, 
loss of revenue, litigation, fines, higher scrutiny and/or intervention from regulators, regulatory or 
legislative action, and loss of existing or potential client business which in turn could have an adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
 
Changes in taxation rates, legislation or practice may lead to adverse consequences for the Group 
 
The Group is subject to various tax rates in various jurisdictions computed in accordance with 
local legislation and practice. There is a risk that such tax rates, legislation and practice may change, 
which could adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects of the 
Group. 
 
Changes in Irish or UK taxation may arise from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development (OECD) Base Erosion and Profits Shifting (BEPS) project and the EU Anti-Tax Avoidance 
Directives (ATAD1 and ATAD2). The detail of these changes is not yet clear in all cases and there 
remains potential for them to have an adverse impact on the Group's financial position. 
 
There is also a risk associated with possible misinterpretation of tax laws. This could result in an 
increase in tax charges or the creation of additional tax liabilities. Failure to manage the risks associated 
with changes in the taxation rates or law, or misinterpretation of the law, could materially adversely affect 
the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. The Group is also 
exposed to the risk that tax authorities may take a different view to the Group on the treatment of certain 
items, which could result in unexpected charges arising for the Group. 
 
In accordance with applicable accounting rules, the Group has recognised deferred tax assets on 
losses available to relieve future profits to the extent that it is probable that such losses will be utilised. 
The assets are quantified on the basis of current tax legislation and are subject to change in respect of the 
tax rate or the rules for computing taxable profits and allowable losses. A failure to generate sufficient 
future taxable profits or changes in tax legislation may reduce significantly the recoverable amount of the 
deferred tax assets currently recognised in the financial statements. 
 
The Finance Act (No. 2) 2013 introduced a bank levy on certain financial institutions, including the 
Group. An income statement charge is recognised annually on the date on which all of the criteria set out 
in the legislation are met. The annual levy paid by the Group in October 2021 was €25 million (October 
2020: €35 million). The Finance Bill 2021, due to be enacted in December 2021, extends the levy for a 
further year based on the current methodology and the Group will pay a levy of €25m in 2022. The future 
of the levy is to be reviewed by the Irish Government in 2022.  
 
In the UK, a bank levy was introduced with effect from 1 January 2011 for all UK banks, building 
societies and foreign banks operating in the UK through a subsidiary, including Bank of Ireland's 
subsidiaries. The levy is charged at different rates on the short-term chargeable liabilities and long-term 
chargeable equity and liabilities as reported in the relevant balance sheet at the end of the chargeable 
period. In 2017, further changes to the UK bank levy were announced, to take effect from 1 January 2021. 
Broadly this will result in the overseas activities of UK headquartered banks no longer being subject to the 
UK bank levy. The levy is payable with corporation tax in quarterly instalment payments. Any increase or 
amendment to the method of calculation of the bank levies (as referred to above), if implemented, may 
adversely impact the business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects of the Group. 
 
The Group relies on recruiting, retaining and developing appropriate senior management and 
skilled personnel and the restrictions imposed on remuneration by government, tax or regulatory

--- Page 43 ---
M-57468134-18 
43
authorities or other factors outside the Group’s control may adversely impact the Group’s ability 
to attract and retain such personnel 
 
The Group is currently operating under a number of significant Remuneration Restrictions to 
which all directors, senior management, employees and certain service providers across the Group are 
subject. The Remuneration Restrictions place the Group at an increasing and material competitive 
disadvantage in seeking to retain and attract staff, particularly those with certain skill sets and in 
international locations. 
 
The Remuneration Restrictions were contained within the Covered Institutions Financial Support 
Scheme 2008 and the ‘Minister’s Letter’ (July 2011), under which the Group gave a number of 
commitments and undertakings to the Minister for Finance in respect of remuneration practices. The 
Minister’s Letter was a further condition of the Transaction and Underwriting Agreement entered into with 
the Irish Government (July 2011) during the 2011 recapitalisation of the Group. 
  
As a result of the Remuneration Restrictions, the Group is currently unable to provide a 
fixed/variable remuneration mix, which results in risks in terms of attraction, retention and alignment with 
the needs of the business and some restrictions on the application of discretion and inflexibilities with the 
cost base. If the Group fails to recruit and retain skilled and qualified people, its businesses may be 
negatively impacted. The Group considers itself to be in compliance with the Remuneration Restrictions. 
 
In addition, even in the absence of the Remuneration Restrictions, the excess bank remuneration 
charge on Republic of Ireland tax residents in covered institutions, where variable pay exceeds €20,000 
per annum, impacts the application of the Group Remuneration Policy. 
 
A potential outcome of the UK’s withdrawal from the EU could be a material inflow of foreign 
institutions into Ireland which may impose stress on the Group’s ability to retain key members of its 
management team and skilled personnel. 
 
The Group’s ability to recruit, attract and retain skilled and qualified people could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
A deterioration in employee relations could adversely affect the Group 
 
A significant number of the Group’s employees are members of trade unions. The Group currently 
consults and negotiates with its employees and their representatives regarding pay, pensions, work 
practices, organisational change, and terms and conditions of employment. The Group recognises that 
challenges may arise in relation to pay, pensions and terms and conditions of employment which may 
need to be resolved through established industrial relations fora. In the event that the Group becomes 
subject to industrial action or other labour conflicts, including strikes or other forms of industrial actions, 
this may result in a disruption to the Group’s business and may adversely affect the business, results of 
operations, financial condition and/or prospects of the Group. 
 
Changes in financial reporting standards or policies could materially adversely affect the Group’s 
reported results of operations and financial condition and may have a material adverse effect on 
capital ratios 
 
The Group prepares its financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU and with those parts of the Companies Act applicable to 
companies reporting under IFRS and with the European Union (Credit Institution: Financial Statements) 
Regulation, 2015 and, accordingly, from time to time the Group is required to adopt new or revised 
accounting standards as adopted by the EU.  
 
IFRS 17 ‘Insurance Contracts’ has an effective date for financial periods beginning on or after 1 
January 2023, with early application permitted. The standard has been endorsed by the EU. IFRS 17 
establishes the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosures of insurance

--- Page 44 ---
M-57468134-18 
44
contract liabilities, ensuring an entity provides relevant information that faithfully represents those 
contracts.   
 
The Group’s IFRS 17 implementation programme has focused on interpreting the requirements of 
the standard and developing systems and data requirements to enable IFRS 17 readiness. Development 
of methodologies and accounting policies is well progressed, supported by appropriate external advisors. 
The work required to scope and assess changes required to the reporting data, administration and other 
systems is broadly complete and the build phase of the development is underway. The Group is not yet in 
a position to reasonably estimate the impact of IFRS 17 on the Group’s financial statements, however the 
Group expects that IFRS 17 is likely to have a material impact on the recognition, measurement and 
presentation of the insurance business in the Group’s financial statements. 
 
The implementation of this and/or any other new or amended accounting standards, policies or 
practices could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition 
and/or prospects and may have a corresponding adverse effect on its capital ratios. 
 
The Group’s life assurance business is subject to inherent insurance risks, as well as market 
conditions generally 
 
The Group's life assurance business is operated through New Ireland Assurance Company plc 
(NIAC), an independent regulated subsidiary of Bank of Ireland which distributes protection, investment 
and pension products through independent brokers and the Group's distribution channels, including 
Private Banking as a tied agent of NIAC. 
 
Life insurance risk is the potential volatility in the amount and timing of insurance claims caused 
by unexpected changes in mortality, longevity and morbidity. Mortality risk is the risk of deviations in timing 
and amounts of cash flows due to the incidence of death claims. Longevity risk is the risk of such 
deviations due to increasing life expectancy trends among policy holders and pensioners, resulting in pay-
out ratios higher than originally expected. Morbidity risk is the risk of deviations in timing and amount of 
claims by policy holders due to the incidence of disability and sickness.  
 
The Group’s life assurance business is also subject to persistency risk which is the risk that 
policyholders may not continue with their policy, or may do so at a reduced level of premium, in which 
case a lower future income stream than envisaged is received from the provision of insurance services at 
the inception of the contract. 
 
Insurance claims are subject to unpredictable events and the actual number and amount of 
claims and benefits will vary from year to year from the estimate established using actuarial and statistical 
techniques. 
 
The Group’s life assurance business is further subject to risks relating to the volatility in the value 
of the underlying assets held to meet its liabilities. The risks associated with the Group’s life assurance 
business could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations 
and/or prospects of the Group. 
Risks in relation to Technology 
 
Rapidly shifting consumer behaviours and the proliferation of internet, social and device (mobile, 
tablet, wearable) technologies are changing the way customers research, purchase and maintain the 
products and services they consume in their day to day lives, and this is reflected in the evolving banking 
models for consumers and businesses, both in Ireland and internationally. These developments affect the 
manner in which customers manage their financial affairs and core products (from operating accounts to 
deposits to credit facilities and wealth management instruments). 
 
Money transmission and data driven integrated services are also forecast to evolve rapidly in the 
coming years with numerous new players entering the payments environment, facilitated by regulatory

--- Page 45 ---
M-57468134-18 
45
and market forces such as the revised Payment Services Directive (EU) 2015/2366 (PSD2) which aims to 
reduce fraud while opening up payment markets to new entrants. The deadline for compliance with the 
Regulatory Technical Standards including Strong Customer Authentication for electronic commerce card-
based payment transactions under the PSD2 Directive was 31 December 2020.  
 
Analytically driven and customer focussed new entrants are changing the way financial services 
companies are approaching their routes to market, service and fulfilment value chains, operating models 
and core competencies so that they remain relevant and compete in the newly consumerised and digital 
arena. 
 
An inability of the Group to respond to external developments in a timely manner or any rigidity in 
the Group’s operating model preventing an appropriate response could lead to a deterioration in the 
Group’s results, financial conditions and prospects.  
Risks in relation to Irish Government Shareholding 
 
The Irish Government, through the Ireland Strategic Investment Fund (the ISIF), holds a circa 
8.99 per cent discretionary shareholding in BOIG plc, and through the Relationship Framework dated 30 
March 2012 between the Minister for Finance and Bank of Ireland (the Relationship Framework ), could 
exert a significant level of influence over the Group. In March 2017, as part of the corporate reorganisation 
of the Group, BOIG plc agreed to be bound by and comply with certain provisions of the Relationship 
Framework in relation to the Ministerial consent, consultation process and the Group's business plan. The 
ISIF could exercise its voting rights in respect of its holding of ordinary shares in BOIG plc in a manner 
which is not aligned with the interests of the Group or its other shareholders. The Group has also given 
certain undertakings to the Minister for Finance (the Undertakings ) in respect of its lending, corporate 
governance and remuneration. Actions on foot of the ISIF investment and the Undertakings could require 
the Group to implement operational policies that could adversely affect the Group’s results, financial 
condition and prospects. 
 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH THE PROGRAMME AND THE SECURITIES 
 
Reliance on Irish Mortgage Covered Securities Legislation    
 
The protection afforded to the Security holders by means of a preference on the Cover Assets 
included in the Issuer's Pool is based only on the ACS Acts.  
 
The Covered Bonds Regulations 2021 transpose the Covered Bonds Directive into Irish law through 
the amendment of certain provisions of the ACS Acts. These amendments to the ACS Acts will take effect on 8 
July 2022 and the Issuer will be required to comply with the provisions of the Covered Bonds Regulations 2021 
from that date.  
 
Any amendments to or repeal of provisions of the ACS Acts could adversely affect the protection 
afforded to the Security holders under the ACS Acts. 
 
Secondary Market for Mortgage Covered Securities 
 
No assurance can be given as to the existence, continuation or effectiveness of any market-
making activity or as to whether any secondary market or liquidity may develop with respect to the 
Securities. 
 
Although application may be made to list the Securities on the Official List and to admit the 
Securities to trading on, in the case of Securities that are not Exempt Securities, the regulated market, and 
in the case of Exempt Securities, the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin, Securities may have no 
established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, it may not 
be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Securities easily or at prices that will

--- Page 46 ---
M-57468134-18 
46
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Securities that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Securities generally would have 
a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Securities. 
 
In addition, investors should be aware of the prevailing global credit market conditions (which 
continue at the date hereof), whereby there is a general lack of liquidity in the secondary market for 
instruments similar to the Securities. The Issuer cannot predict when these circumstances will change or, 
if and when they do, whether conditions of general market liquidity for the Securities and instruments 
similar to the Securities will return in the future. As a result there exist significant additional risks to the 
Issuer and investors in the Securities which may affect the returns on the Securities to investors. 
 
Securities Obligations of the Issuer only   
  
Securities will constitute unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer secured by a statutory preference 
under the ACS Acts on the Pool maintained by the Issuer. The Securities will not represent an obligation or be 
the responsibility of any of the Arrangers or the Dealers or any person other than the Issuer. The Issuer will be 
liable solely in its corporate capacity for its obligations in respect of the Securities and such obligations will not 
be the obligations of its officers, members, directors, employees, agents, security holders or incorporators.  
 
An investment in Securities involves a reliance on the creditworthiness of the Issuer. Although the 
Issuer is an unlimited company and Bank of Ireland is a member of the Issuer, Bank of Ireland is not a 
guarantor in respect of the Securities and Security holders will have no right of recourse against Bank of 
Ireland. The Securities are not guaranteed by Bank of Ireland or any other person. Only the liquidator of the 
Issuer, or the courts, may proceed against Bank of Ireland to require it as a member of an unlimited company to 
make a contribution on the winding-up of the Issuer (see Insolvency of Institutions – Consequences of Issuer's 
Status as Unlimited Company). 
 
Extended Maturity of the Securities 
 
Unless the rating agencies then appointed by the Issuer to provide credit ratings in respect of the 
Securities agree otherwise, an Extended Maturity Date will apply to each Series of Securities issued under the 
Programme. If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as 
applying to a Series of Securities and the Issuer fails to redeem at par all of those Securities in full on the 
Maturity Date, the maturity of the principal amount outstanding of the Securities will automatically be extended 
on a monthly basis for up to one year to the Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. In that event, the Issuer may redeem at par all or part of the 
principal amount outstanding of those Securities on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the 
Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. In that event also, the interest payable on the principal amount outstanding 
of those Securities will change as provided in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and such 
interest may apply on a fixed or floating basis. The extension of the maturity of the principal amount outstanding 
of those Securities from the Maturity Date up to the Extended Maturity Date will not result in any right of 
Security holders to accelerate payments on those Securities or constitute an event of default for any purpose 
and no payment will be payable to the Security holders in that event other than as set out in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities (see Terms and Conditions of the Securities) as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
 
Sharing of Pool 
 
The Cover Assets included in the Pool benefit not only the holders of the Securities but also other 
preferred creditors of the Issuer. These preferred creditors are all other holders of the Issuer's Mortgage 
Covered Securities whether outstanding now or in the future, counterparties under cover assets hedge 
contracts now and in the future (provided that such counterparties fulfil their financial obligations under the

--- Page 47 ---
M-57468134-18 
47
relevant cover assets hedge contracts), the Monitor, any manager appointed to the Issuer and any Pool 
security trustee appointed by the Issuer, whether now or in the future. None of the Cover Assets in the Pool are 
or will be exclusively available to meet the claims of the holders of the Securities ahead of such other preferred 
creditors of the Issuer now or in the future. In addition, the claims of super-preferred creditors of the Issuer 
(being the Monitor, any such Pool security trustee and any such manager appointed to the Issuer) rank ahead 
of those of other preferred creditors. 
 
Dynamic Nature of the Pool 
 
The Pool may contain mortgage credit assets, substitution assets and cover assets hedge contracts, 
subject to the limitations provided for in the ACS Acts. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Pool contains 
mortgage credit assets, substitution assets and cover assets hedge contracts in accordance with the ACS Acts. 
The ACS Acts permit the composition of the Pool to be dynamic and do not require it to be static. Accordingly, 
the composition of mortgage credit assets (and other permitted assets) comprised in the Pool will change from 
time to time in accordance with the ACS Acts. A mortgage credit asset or substitution asset may only be 
included in or removed from the Pool if the Monitor agrees to its inclusion or removal and it is permitted by the 
ACS Acts. Accordingly, any alterations to mortgage credit assets or substitution assets comprised in the Pool 
from time to time will require the Monitor's approval. See Cover Assets Pool and Requirements under the ACS 
Acts. 
 
Types of mortgage credit assets that are included in the Pool may change 
 
A mortgage credit asset includes a loan secured over commercial property as well as one secured 
over residential property and also includes a mortgage credit asset in securitised form (securitised mortgage 
credit assets) namely residential mortgage backed securities (RMBS) or commercial mortgage backed 
securities (CMBS). Accordingly, subject to the limits set out in the ACS Acts, the Pool may include mortgage 
credit assets comprising loans secured over commercial property or CMBS or RMBS. At the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer has not and does not propose to include CMBS or RMBS in the Pool or to acquire or 
make loans which are primarily secured over commercial property or accordingly, to include mortgage credit 
assets comprising such loans in the Pool, as permitted by the ACS Acts. However, that position may change 
and no restrictions will apply to the Issuer acquiring or making mortgage credit assets the related loans under 
which are secured on commercial property or to the inclusion of those mortgage credit assets or CMBS or 
RMBS in the Pool, other than restrictions which apply under the ACS Acts.  See Restrictions on the Activities of 
an Institution, Cover Assets Pool and Requirements under the ACS Acts/Overcollateralisation.  
 
Location of property related to mortgage credit assets may change 
 
The ACS Acts permit the inclusion in the Pool of mortgage credit assets and substitution assets which 
are located for the purposes of the ACS Acts outside of Ireland subject to certain restrictions provided for in the 
ACS Acts. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Pool includes mortgage credit assets, the related residential 
properties under which are situated in Ireland. However, the location (for the purposes of the ACS Acts) of 
mortgage credit assets which are included in the Pool may change and no restriction will apply to the Issuer 
acquiring or making mortgage credit assets, the related properties under which may be situated outside Ireland, 
or to the inclusion of relevant mortgage credit assets in the Pool, other than those restrictions which apply under 
the ACS Acts (see Restrictions on the Activities of an Institution and Cover Assets Pool and Requirements 
under the ACS Acts) and any applicable rating agency requirements. 
 
Counterparty to substitution assets/cover assets hedge contracts may change from Bank of 
Ireland 
 
The ACS Acts permit the inclusion in the Pool of substitution assets and cover assets hedge contracts 
subject to certain restrictions under the ACS Acts. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the substitution assets 
comprised in the Pool are deposits with Bank of Ireland in Dublin. The cover assets hedge contracts comprised 
in the Pool (the Pool Hedge) have been entered into by the Issuer with Bank of Ireland. The Issuer expects that 
position to continue. However, that position may change and substitution assets or cover assets hedge 
contracts may be made by the Issuer with counterparties other than Bank of Ireland, subject to the restrictions

--- Page 48 ---
M-57468134-18 
48
in the ACS Acts and any applicable rating agency requirements. See Restrictions on the Activities of an 
Institution and Cover Assets Pool and Requirements under the ACS Acts. 
 
Cover assets hedge contracts 
 
The Pool Hedge at the date of this Base Prospectus only hedges the interest rate exposure with 
respect to, on the one hand, mortgage credit assets located in Ireland for the purposes of the ACS Acts and 
which are secured on Irish residential property, denominated in euro and included in the Pool and on the other 
Mortgage Covered Securities denominated in euro. If the Issuer includes in the Pool mortgage credit assets 
which are secured on commercial property, mortgage credit assets (whether secured on residential property or 
commercial property) which are located outside of Ireland for the purposes of the ACS Acts, mortgage credit 
assets or RMBS or CMBS not denominated in euro, or issues Mortgage Covered Securities not denominated in 
euro, the Pool Hedge would not hedge any interest rate risk nor, as applicable, currency risk, associated with 
those assets or, as applicable, Mortgage Covered Securities unless further hedging transactions were entered 
into under the Pool Hedge. The Issuer is not required under the ACS Acts to enter into cover assets hedge 
contracts and appropriate hedging transactions may not be available to the Issuer. In those circumstances any 
interest rate risk or currency risk associated with those assets or Mortgage Covered Securities would be 
unhedged and could lead to the Issuer suffering losses.    
 
Default of Issuer's assets 
 
Default of the Issuer's assets (in particular of Cover Assets comprised in its Pool) could jeopardise the 
Issuer's ability to make payments in full or on a timely basis on the Securities. Historic difficulties in the Irish 
economy have had a negative effect on the market for residential property, with prices remaining lower than 
previous peak notwithstanding recent moderate price recovery against the backdrop of limited, albeit 
increasing, property supply. In addition, the increased level of unemployment resulting from the Irish and global 
economic downturn had an adverse impact on borrowers' ability to repay loans.  
 
If, following a default of a borrower, the Issuer enforces security for a residential loan included in 
the Pool, the Issuer may incur a loss if the net recovery proceeds on such enforcement are insufficient to 
redeem the outstanding loan. The Pool is overcollateralised and the Issuer has the ability to substitute 
assets to and from its Pool. However, if a material amount of Cover Assets in the Issuer's Pool was to 
default, there is no guarantee that the required level of overcollateralisation could be maintained or that 
the Issuer would be in a position to substitute non-defaulting assets for the defaulting assets. In that event, 
the Pool could deteriorate to the extent, as noted above, that the Issuer would not able to make payments 
in full or on a timely basis on the Securities.  
 
In March 2020, the World Health Organisation declared the outbreak of Covid-19 to be a global 
pandemic. Measures were adopted by governments and national regulators with a view to containing the 
spread of Covid-19, including travel bans, shut-downs of businesses and workplaces, quarantine and elective 
self-isolation; leaving large parts of many economies, including the Irish and UK economies, effectively closed. 
While the majority of restrictions were lifted from April 2021 within the Irish and UK economies, new variants of 
Covid-19 mean that the imposition of further restrictions, and the actual timing of the lifting of all restrictions, are 
as yet unknown but may impact borrowers’ ability to repay loans. See the risk factors entitled “The Covid-19 
pandemic continues to impact the global, Irish and UK economies” and “The Covid-19 pandemic continues to 
impact the Group” above”. 
 
No event of default on or acceleration of the Securities 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities do not contain any event of default, nor do they give the 
holders of the Securities or any other person the right to accelerate the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Securities. 
 
Further, Part 7 of the 2001 Act provides, among other things, that, in the event that an Institution 
or its parent entity or related company becomes subject to an insolvency process, all Mortgage Covered 
Securities issued by the Institution remain outstanding, subject to the terms and conditions specified in the

--- Page 49 ---
M-57468134-18 
49
documents under which those Mortgage Covered Securities are created. (See Insolvency of Institutions - 
Effect under the ACS Acts of insolvency, potential insolvency or insolvency process with respect to an 
institution). 
 
No due diligence 
 
Neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers have or will undertake any investigations, searches or other 
actions in respect of any Cover Assets contained or to be contained in the Pool but will instead rely on 
representations and warranties provided by the Issuer in the Programme Agreement (see Subscription and 
Sale, Transfer and Selling Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements). 
 
Value of security over residential property 
 
The security for a residential loan included in the Pool consists of, amongst other things, the security in 
favour of the Issuer over the borrower's interest in related residential property (a Property). The value of this 
security and accordingly, the level of recoveries on an enforcement of the security, may be affected by, among 
other things, a decline in the value of residential property, the priority of the security relative to other security (if 
any) over the same property, deficiencies in the borrower's title to the property secured, regulatory requirements 
applicable to enforcement of such security, changes in law, regulation or government policy and decisions of 
the courts relevant to a particular security or to such type of security generally. 
 
No assurance can be given that the values of relevant residential properties will not decline or since 
origination have not declined. In particular, the downturn in the global and Irish economy that commenced in 
2008 had a negative effect on the Irish housing market resulting in a significant fall in the property prices in 
Ireland from the peak in 2007. Additionally, no assurance can be given as to whether other creditors may have 
a security interest senior to the Issuer's. Where the Issuer enforces security over a residential property, 
realisation of that security is likely to involve sale of that residential property with vacant possession. 
 
The ability of the Issuer to dispose of a residential property without the consent of the borrower 
will depend on the applicable law at the relevant time, regulatory requirements in respect of residential 
mortgage enforcement, a court granting vacant possession and an order for sale, the relevant property 
market conditions at the relevant time and the availability of buyers for the relevant residential property. 
Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the Issuer will be able to realise the value of its security in full 
or in a timely manner. (See the risk factors entitled – "Enforcement of mortgage loans" and "The Irish 
legislation and regulations in relation to mortgages, as well as judicial procedures for the enforcement of 
mortgages, the custom, practice and interpretation of such legislation, regulations and procedures, may 
result in higher levels of default by the Group’s customers, delays in the Group’s recoveries in its 
mortgage portfolio and increased impairments"). 
 
Enforcement of mortgage loans 
 
In order to enforce a power of sale in respect of a mortgaged property, the relevant mortgagee 
(the lender or receiver appointed by the lender) will first need to obtain possession of such property. There 
are two means of obtaining possession under Irish law: (i) by taking physical possession without a court 
order (seldom done in practice) and (ii) by applying for, obtaining and enforcing a court order for 
possession. 
 
A court order for possession will be required in practice to obtain possession of primary 
residences and family homes / shared homes and, in certain cases non-primary residences where the 
borrower is a consumer. In considering an application for a possession order, an Irish court has a very 
wide discretion. For example, an Irish court has certain powers to adjourn possession proceedings, to stay 
any possession order and to postpone the date for delivery of possession. In general, an Irish court would 
be likely to exercise such powers in favour of a borrower where it appears to the court that such borrower 
is likely to be able, within a reasonable period, to pay any sums due under his mortgage loan or to remedy 
any default consisting of a breach of any other obligation arising under or by virtue of such mortgage loan.

--- Page 50 ---
M-57468134-18 
50
It should also be noted that a practice direction issued by the Irish Circuit Court pursuant to the 
Circuit Court Rules entitled ‘Actions for Possession’ provides that no order for possession shall be made 
on the return date (i.e. the first hearing date) but rather the proceedings shall be adjourned to such later 
date as the County Registrar considers just in the circumstances. This has the effect of an automatic delay 
on possession proceedings. 
 
Under the Land and Conveyancing Law Reform Act 2013 (the 2013 Act) actions for possession 
relating to the principal private residence (PPR) may in certain cases be adjourned where it is considered 
by the court that the matter could be resolved by recourse to a personal insolvency arrangement under the 
Personal Insolvency Acts (see the risk factor entitled "Personal Insolvency Acts" below). In the event that 
a lender does not implement a proposal put forward by a personal insolvency practitioner, a court could 
use its discretionary powers to delay granting an order for possession. 
 
Since the commencement of the LCRRA in August 2019, before granting an Order for 
Possession where the matter has been adjourned, or has previously been adjourned for the borrower to 
take steps under the Personal Insolvency Acts and where the Borrower has engaged in good faith, in 
certain circumstances the Court must consider:  
 
(a) whether the making of the order would be proportionate in all the circumstances (in this 
regard the Court’s considerations can include: the total amount that remains to be paid to the 
mortgagee on foot of the mortgage or any associated loan agreement; the amount of arrears 
of payments due on foot of the mortgage; and the advised market value of the principal 
private residence on the date on which proceedings were commenced); 
 
(b) the circumstances of the borrower and his or her dependants (if any) in respect of whom the 
principal private residence the subject of the proceedings is their principal private residence; 
 
(c) whether the mortgagee has made a statement to the borrower of the terms on which the 
mortgagee would be prepared to settle the matter in such a way that the borrower and his or 
her dependants could remain in the principal private residence; 
 
(d) the details of any proposal made, whether prior to or following the commencement of the 
proceedings by, or on behalf of, the borrower to enable the borrower and his or her 
dependants (i) to remain in the principal private residence, including any proposal for 
participation by the borrower in a designated scheme, or (ii) to secure alternative 
accommodation; 
 
(e) the response, if any, of the mortgagee to the borrower’s proposal; and  
 
(f) the conduct of the parties to the mortgage in any attempt to find a resolution to the issue of 
dealing with arrears of payments due on foot of the mortgage. 
 
While Courts would have previously taken the above factors into account, the LCLRA now puts 
the requirement to consider these factors on a statutory footing. Accordingly a mortgagee seeking an 
order for possession will be required to address these issues where applicable in evidence by way of 
affidavit. 
 
Where an order for possession is granted by a court, a sheriff will arrange for such orders to be 
effected. This can result in a delay of a number of months between the granting of the order and its 
execution.  
 
Accordingly, assuming that security over the borrower's interest in a Property provides adequate 
security for a residential loan included in the Pool, delays could be encountered in connection with 
enforcement and recovery of the loan, resulting in corresponding delays in the receipt of related proceeds 
by the Issuer. Such delays could adversely affect the ability of the issuer to make payments on the 
Securities on a timely basis.

--- Page 51 ---
M-57468134-18 
51
 
Code of Conduct on Mortgage Arrears and Consumer Protection Code 
 
The Code of Conduct on Mortgage Arrears (CCMA) is a statutory code of practice relevant to the 
enforcement of residential mortgages over a borrower's primary residence by mortgage lenders (including 
the Issuer) - see Certain Aspects of Regulation of Banks and Residential Lending in Ireland – Code of 
Conduct on Mortgage Arrears. A primary residence is either a residential property occupied by the 
borrower as primary residence, or any other residential property if it is the only residential property in the 
State owned by the borrower. The CCMA applies to the activities of the Issuer and to Bank of Ireland as 
Mortgage Servicer (as defined in Irish Residential Loan Origination and Servicing — Mortgage Servicing 
below). The CCMA requires lenders to establish a Mortgage Arrears Resolution Process (MARP) as a 
framework for handling mortgage arrears and pre-arrears and provides for a timeline that lenders must 
keep to before resorting to legal action against a borrower.  
 
Accordingly, the CCMA affects the timeline and the procedure for the Issuer’s enforcement of its 
security over a borrower’s primary residence. Unless the borrower has perpetrated a fraud or breached a 
term of contract (other than a breach resulting in arrears) or the lender has classified the borrower as not 
co-operating and has notified the borrower thereof, a lender may only commence legal action for 
repossession at the later of (i) 8 months from the first date of arrears or (ii) 3 months from the date of a 
letter from the lender to the borrower advising the borrower that forbearance has been declined or that the 
borrower has failed to enter into an offered alternative repayment arrangement.  
 
In addition, lenders are restricted from imposing charges and/or surcharge interest on arrears 
arising on a mortgage account in arrears to which the CCMA applies and in respect of which a borrower is 
co-operating reasonably and honestly with the lender under the MARP. 
 
The Consumer Protection Code (the CPC 2012) - see Certain Aspects of Regulation of Banks 
and Residential Lending in Ireland – Consumer Protection Code -  sets out  conditions as to how lending 
institutions must deal with and treat personal consumers who are in arrears, on a range of loans, including 
residential investment loans. However, the Consumer Protection Code does not apply to the extent that 
the loan is a mortgage loan to which the CCMA applies. 
 
As a result of the operation of the CCMA the Issuer may face delays in the enforcement and 
recovery of loans in arrears. Such delays could adversely affect the receipt of loan related proceeds by the 
Issuer, which could in turn adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make timely payments on the Securities.  
 
On 27 July 2021, the Central Bank published an Industry Letter to relevant regulated firms to 
inform them of the publication of an Addendum to the Consumer Protection Code 2012 and an Addendum 
to the Code of Conduct on Mortgage Arrears 2013 that introduce a revised version of the Standard 
Financial Statement (SFS).  The revised SFS becomes effective from 1 January 2022. 
 
Personal Insolvency Acts 
 
The Personal Insolvency Acts introduced a framework for personal insolvency and for the 
settlement and enforcement of personal debt, including, through the PIA (as defined below), residential 
mortgage debt. The Personal Insolvency Acts provide for three Court approved debt resolution options for 
borrowers deemed under the provisions of the Personal Insolvency Acts to have unsustainable 
indebtedness levels. These three debt resolution options are alternatives to bankruptcy and are in 
summary:  
 
(a) a Debt Relief Notice (DRN) which provides for the write-off of qualifying unsecured debt 
(including for example credit card debt and overdrafts) up to €35,000;  
 
(b) a Debt Settlement Arrangement (DSA) which covers unsecured debt without a limit on 
the amount of debt; and

--- Page 52 ---
M-57468134-18 
52
(c) a Personal Insolvency Arrangement (PIA) for the agreed settlement of both secured and 
unsecured debt of (secured is subject to a cap of €3,000,000 unless the cap is waived by 
an agreement of all secured creditors), including residential mortgage debt. The Personal 
Insolvency Acts provide that a borrower who has entered a mortgage restructure is not 
excluded from applying for a PIA, should the restructure not succeed in returning the 
borrower to solvency. 
 
The Personal Insolvency Acts regime may result in the restructuring of the principal amount 
outstanding of the secured debt (which would include mortgage debt) of a borrower who completes a PIA 
and could also affect the enforcement of mortgages over residential property, and accordingly may have 
an adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to fully recover amounts due under the Loans, which in turn 
may adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments under the Securities.  
 
Mortgage Arrears Resolution Targets 
 
The Central Bank Mortgage Arrears Resolution Targets (MART) framework, published on 13 
March 2013, outlines public targets for resolution of mortgage cases in arrears greater than 90 days, 
against which "Specified Credit Institutions" (as defined therein, and including the Issuer and Bank of 
Ireland) must measure themselves. 
 
Within this MART framework document, the Central Bank noted that in order for the Specified 
Credit Institutions to convey their risk profile comprehensively to market participants, Specified Credit 
Institutions shall publicly disclose the level of compliance with these targets.  
 
The Central Bank described the initiative, within the MART framework document, as ensuring 
Specified Credit Institutions offer and conclude sustainable solutions for their customers in arrears by 
setting specific performance targets. 
 
The quarterly target for the number of terms being met by customers in respect of forbearance, 
restructures and PIAs as set by the Central Bank are 75% of the loans in forbearance / restructures and 
PIAs at previous quarter end and may adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to fully recover amounts 
due. 
 
Since 2016 the Issuer and Bank of Ireland have been operating under a revised framework, the 
Sustainable Mortgage Resolution Template (SMRT). This return was stood down by the Central Bank in 
April 2021 following the implementation of the Distressed Monitoring Template. 
 
Amortisation of mortgage credit assets 
 
Loans comprised in mortgage credit assets which are included from time to time in the Pool are and 
will generally be subject to amortisation of principal on a monthly or other periodic basis. They are also subject 
to early repayment of principal at any time in whole or part by the relevant borrowers, subject in the case of 
loans carrying a fixed interest rate in certain circumstances to the payment by the borrower of compensation 
related to the fixed interest rate. In addition, loans comprised in mortgage credit assets which are included in 
the Pool will generally have interest payable on a monthly basis. Payments of principal on mortgage credit 
assets as set out above results in the Issuer having to include further mortgage credit assets and/or substitution 
assets in the Pool on a regular and ongoing basis in order for the Issuer to comply with the financial matching 
and regulatory overcollateralisation requirements under the ACS Acts and with contractual undertakings in 
respect of overcollateralisation. 
 
If the Issuer is unable to continue to include sufficient further mortgage credit assets and/or substitution 
assets in the Pool in order to replace loans that have amortised or been repaid, the Issuer may be unable to 
maintain the financial matching and overcollateralisation of the Cover Pool, which could adversely affect the 
ability of the Issuer to carry on its business and the market value of the Securities. (see Cover Assets Pool and 
Requirements under the ACS Acts).

--- Page 53 ---
M-57468134-18 
53
The Securities may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
 
In general, the Securities are a suitable investment only for those investors who: 
 
(i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Securities, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Securities and the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
 
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its, 
his or her particular financial situation, an investment in the Securities and the impact the 
Securities will have on its, his or her overall investment portfolio; 
 
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Securities including Securities with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
 
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the Securities and are familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; 
 
(v) are able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its, his or her investment and its, his or 
her ability to bear the applicable risks; and 
 
(vi) understand that a wide range of Securities may be issued under the Programme and consider the 
terms of Securities before investing. 
 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Securities 
 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Securities, such as 
securities in respect of which the amounts payable are calculated by reference to an index or formula (Index 
Linked Securities) or securities which are subject to exchange rate risk (Dual Currency Securities). In 
particular, an investor might receive less interest than expected or no interest in respect of such Exempt 
Securities and may lose some or all of the principal amount invested by it. 
 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Securities with principal or interest determined by reference to an index 
or formula, to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in currency exchange rates or 
other factors (each, a Relevant Factor). In addition, the Issuer may issue Exempt Securities with principal or 
interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Exempt 
Securities are denominated. Potential investors should be aware that: 
 
(i) the market price of such Exempt Securities may be volatile; 
 
(ii) they may receive no interest; 
 
(iii) payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected; 
 
(iv) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
 
(v) a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
 
(vi) if a Relevant Factor is applied to Exempt Securities in conjunction with a multiplier greater than 
one or contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on 
principal or interest payable likely will be magnified; and

--- Page 54 ---
M-57468134-18 
54
 
(vii) the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the 
Relevant Factor, the greater the effect on yield. 
 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of 
the future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Exempt Securities. Accordingly, each 
potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in 
any Exempt Securities linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Securities in light of its particular 
circumstances.  
 
Where Exempt Securities are issued on a partly paid basis (Partly Paid Securities), an investor who 
fails to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price could lose all of his investment 
 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Securities where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. 
Any failure by any investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of his Exempt 
Securities could result in such investor losing all of his investment. 
 
Exempt Securities which are issued with variable interest rates which are structured to include a 
multiplier or other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard 
securities 
 
Exempt Securities with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to 
include multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other 
similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not 
include those features. 
 
Inverse Floating Rate Securities will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate 
Securities 
 
Inverse floating rate Securities have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a 
reference rate. The market values of those Securities typically are more volatile than market values of other 
conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable 
terms). Inverse Floating Rate Securities are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only 
decreases the interest rate of the Securities, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which 
further adversely affects the market value of these Securities. 
 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Common Reporting Standard 
 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing the United States Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act, the OECD developed the Common Reporting Standard (CRS) to address the 
issue of offshore tax evasion on a global basis.  Aimed at maximising efficiency and reducing cost for financial 
institutions, the CRS provides a common standard for due diligence, reporting and exchange of financial 
account information.  Pursuant to the CRS, participating jurisdictions obtain from reporting financial institutions, 
and automatically exchange with the tax authorities in partner jurisdictions on an annual basis, financial 
information with respect to all reportable accounts identified by financial institutions on the basis of common due 
diligence and reporting procedures.  The first information exchanges began in 2017.  Ireland has implemented 
the CRS into Irish law.   
 
Ireland has adopted the “Wider Approach” to CRS due-diligence, therefore Irish Financial Institutions 
are required to carry out due diligence on all customers, although it should be noted that Ireland will only 
exchange CRS information with jurisdictions where there is a legal obligation to do so.   
 
Security Holders may be required to provide additional information to the Issuer to enable the Issuer to 
satisfy its obligations under the CRS.

--- Page 55 ---
M-57468134-18 
55
By subscribing for Securities, each Security Holder is agreeing to provide such information upon 
request from the Issuer or their delegates.  
 
Pursuant to information-sharing arrangements in place between Ireland and/or the European Union 
and certain third countries and/or dependant or associated territories of CRS-participating jurisdictions, to the 
extent that those countries or territories are not “Reportable Jurisdictions” under the CRS, entities considered to 
be a paying agent for these purposes, may be obliged to collect certain information in relation to Security 
Holders in order to satisfy the disclosure requirements under CRS. 
 
Change of Law 
 
The Securities are governed by Irish law and the security in the Pool conferred on the Securities relies, 
on the date of this Base Prospectus, exclusively on the ACS Acts. No assurance can be given as to the impact 
on the Securities of any possible judicial decision or change to Irish law (including the ACS Acts or any 
legislation relating to the regulation of mortgage pricing) or administrative practice after the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
Interest rate risks 
 
Investment in Fixed Rate Securities involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates 
may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Securities. 
 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
 
One or more independent credit rating agencies will assign credit ratings to the Securities. These 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, the additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Securities. If the status of the rating agency 
rating of the Securities changes, EU (including the UK) regulated investors may no longer be able to use the 
rating for regulatory purposes and the Securities may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in 
EU (including the UK) regulated investors selling the Securities which may impact the value of the Securities 
and any secondary market. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. A rating agency may lower or withdraw its rating of the 
Securities and that action may reduce the market value of the Securities. If relying on credit ratings only in their 
assessment of the Issuer or the Securities, investors are at risk of material inaccuracies in their assessment. 
 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
 
In the case of investors, the investment activities of which are subject to legal investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities, no assurance can be given as to whether Securities 
are legal investments for such investor, Securities can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing by 
such investor, any other restrictions apply to the purchase or pledge of any Securities by such investor or as to 
the risk weighting of the Securities for investors who are or may become subject to capital adequacy 
requirements.  
 
Because the Global Securities are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
investors will have to rely on the clearing system procedures for transfers, payments and 
communication with the Issuer 
 
Securities issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Securities. Such 
Global Securities will be deposited with a common depositary, or, as applicable, as common safekeeper, for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) (together, 
the Clearing Systems). Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Security, investors will 
not be entitled to receive Securities in definitive form. The Clearing Systems will maintain records of the 
beneficial interests in the Global Securities. While Securities are represented by one or more Global Securities, 
investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the Clearing Systems.

--- Page 56 ---
M-57468134-18 
56
Trading in the Clearing Systems 
 
In relation to any issue of Securities issued in global form which have a minimum denomination and 
are tradable in the Clearing Systems in amounts above that minimum denomination, but those tradable 
amounts are not integral multiples of that minimum denomination, those Securities may be traded in principal 
amounts which are not integral multiples of that minimum denomination. If those Securities are required to be 
exchanged into Securities in definitive form, a holder of Securities who, as a result of trading such amounts, 
holds a principal amount of Securities which is not an integral multiple of the minimum denomination will not 
receive a Security in definitive form in respect of the principal amount of Securities in excess of the principal 
amount equal to the nearest integral multiple of the minimum denomination held by that holder, unless that 
holder purchases a further principal amount of Securities such that the aggregate principal amount of its holding 
then becomes an integral multiple of the minimum denomination. The Issuer does not authorise in any 
circumstances the trading of Securities in a principal or nominal amount less than the applicable minimum 
denomination specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
 
Interests of the Dealers 
 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in the 
ordinary course of their business activities, in lending, advisory, corporate finance services, investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform the services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business and/or for companies involved directly or indirectly in the 
sector in which the Issuer and/or its affiliates operate, and for which such Dealers have received or may 
receive customary fees, commissions, reimbursement of expenses and indemnification.  Certain of the 
Dealers may also have positions, deals or make markets in the Securities issued under the Programme, 
related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies 
on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, 
their general market risk, or other trading activities. They have received, or may in the future receive, 
customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. The Dealers and/or the affiliates may receive allocations of 
the Securities (subject to customary closing conditions), which could affect future trading of the Securities. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Securities issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Securities issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also 
make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
 
New Global Note Form Securities 
 
Though the New Global Note form (for bearer notes) and the New Safekeeping Structure (for 
registered notes) have been introduced to allow for the possibility of Securities being issued and held in a 
manner which will permit them to be recognised as eligible collateral for monetary policy of the central banking 
system for Eurosystem and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life, in any particular case such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria at the relevant time. 
 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Securities linked to 
or referencing such “benchmarks”. The Terms and Conditions of the Securities provide that,

--- Page 57 ---
M-57468134-18 
57
following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, certain fall-back arrangements will apply, which 
may affect the calculation of interest amounts 
 
The interest rates applicable to certain Securities may be determined by reference to certain 
reference rates or indices known as “benchmarks” (including the euro interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) 
and the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA)). Some benchmarks, including EURIBOR and the 
London interbank offered rate (LIBOR), are the subject of recent national and international regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Securities linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”.  
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU or UK 
supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU or non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a 
benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could 
have a material impact on any Securities linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes 
could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in 
the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
 
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of 
relevant active underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of regulatory 
reforms) for market participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The FCA has indicated 
through a series of announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not 
be guaranteed after 2021.  
 
On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (IBA), the administrator of LIBOR, 
published a statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the 
dates on which this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers to require IBA to continue 
publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (the IBA announcement). Concurrently, 
the FCA published a statement on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR 
currencies and tenors, following the dates on which IBA has indicated it will cease publication (the FCA 
announcement). Permanent cessation will occur immediately after 31 December 2021 for all Euro and 
Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings and 
immediately after 30th June 2023 for certain other USD LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining 
LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings), 
the FCA will consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using its powers to require IBA to continue 
their publication under a changed methodology for a further period after end-2021 (end-June 2023 in the 
case of US Dollar LIBOR). The FCA announcement states that consequently, these LIBOR settings will no 
longer be representative of the underlying market that such settings are intended to measure immediately

--- Page 58 ---
M-57468134-18 
58
after 31 December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and immediately 
after 30 June 2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese 
Yen LIBOR settings will also cease permanently at the end of 2022. 
 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding 
principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, 
among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback 
provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free 
rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, LIBOR and/or EURIBOR 
will continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause LIBOR and/or EURIBOR to perform 
differently than they have done in the past, and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
The potential transition from LIBOR to SONIA or the elimination of LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other 
benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, could require an adjustment to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, or result in other consequences, in respect of any Securities 
linked to such benchmark. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain 
“benchmarks”: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the 
“benchmark”; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark”; or (iii) leading 
to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes 
as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Securities linked to or referencing or otherwise 
dependant (in whole or in part) upon a “benchmark”. 
 
The Conditions of the Securities provide that, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, 
certain fallback arrangements will apply, which may affect the calculation of interest amounts. 
 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Securities” provide for certain fall-back arrangements in the 
event that an Original Reference rate and/or any page on which an Original Reference Rate may be 
published (or any other successor service) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event occurs.  The IBA 
announcement and FCA announcement referred to above each constitutes such a Benchmark Event. This 
will have triggered certain of the fallback arrangements although, the consequences of such fallbacks 
being triggered are not immediately effective under the Terms and Conditions. Such fall-back 
arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate 
or an alternative reference rate, with (in either case) the application of an Adjustment Spread (which could 
be positive or negative or zero), and may include amendments to the terms of the Securities to ensure the 
proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark (as applicable) and, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread.  Such determinations may be made by an Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) or, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if an 
Independent Adviser is appointed but fails to make any relevant determination, by the Issuer (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner). There can be no assurance that the adoption of a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread will result in a Rate of 
Interest as favourable to holders of the Securities as the Original Reference Rate. 
 
 In certain circumstances, the ultimate fall-back for the purposes of calculation of interest for a 
particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Securities based on the rate 
which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  
 
Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference 
rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, there is a risk that the relevant fall-back provisions 
may not operate as intended at the relevant time. Furthermore, any changes to the Terms and Conditions of 
the Securities following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event or any other consequential changes to 
benchmarks as a result of EU, Irish, United Kingdom, or other international, national or other proposals for 
reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of

--- Page 59 ---
M-57468134-18 
59
implementation of such changes could have a material adverse effect on the trading market for, liquidity of, 
value of and return on any such affected Floating Rate Securities.  
 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national reforms and the 
potential application of the benchmark discontinuation provisions of the Securities in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Securities linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
 
In respect of any Securities issued as Sustainable Securities, there can be no assurance that such use 
of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, relating to any specific Tranche of Securities may provide that 
the Securities are intended to be Sustainable Securities (which may include, inter alia, sustainable, green 
and/or social Securities (together the Sustainable Securities)). The Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal 
to the net proceeds from any issue of Sustainable Securities to advance loans to customers on a targeted basis 
for the purposes of the financing and/or refinancing by such customers of assets, projects and expenditures 
with a positive sustainability impact, which may include environmental, green and/or social projects (Eligible 
Sustainable Projects), in line with any Framework(s) that the Group may publish from time to time and in 
keeping with the Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines as 
published by ICMA (together, the Principles).  As at the date of this Prospectus, the Group has published its 
Green Bond Framework (see “Use of Proceeds” for further information). 
 
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus as to what constitutes or may 
be classified as, a “sustainable”, “green”, “social” or equivalently-labelled project or a loan that may finance such 
project and the requirements of any such label continue to develop and evolve, and different organisations may 
develop definitions or labels that are different from, and may be incompatible with, those set by other 
organisations. The EU has implemented Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable development (the EU Taxonomy Regulation). The stated purpose of the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation is to establish the criteria for determining whether an economic activity qualifies as environmentally 
sustainable for the purposes of establishing the degree to which an investment is environmentally sustainable.  
 
No assurance is or can be given by the Group or the Dealers to investors that any projects or uses the 
subject of, or related to, any Eligible Sustainable Projects will comply with any taxonomy established under the 
EU Taxonomy Regulation or otherwise meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, 
“sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, 
social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or 
related to, any Eligible Sustainable Projects. In addition, no assurance can be given by the Group, the Dealers 
or any other person to investors that any Securities will comply with any future standards or requirements 
regarding any “green”, “social”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives and, 
accordingly, the status of any Securities as being “green”, “social” or “sustainable” (or equivalent) could be 
withdrawn at any time. 
 
No assurance is given by the Group or the Dealers that the use of amounts advanced by the Group to 
customers for the purposes of financing or refinancing any projects which the Group has identified as Eligible 
Sustainable Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible 
Sustainable Projects.  
 
No assurances with respect to the Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification 
 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Group or the Dealers as to the suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification of any 
third party (whether or not solicited by the Group) which may be made available in connection with the Group’s

--- Page 60 ---
M-57468134-18 
60
Green Bond Framework or any Sustainable Securities and in particular with any Eligible Sustainable Projects to 
fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the 
Second Party Opinion nor any other such opinion or certification is, and they shall not be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.  
 
Neither the Second Party Opinion nor any other such opinion or certification is, and they should not be 
deemed to be, a recommendation by the Group, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any 
Sustainable Securities. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is and will be 
current only as of its date. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of the Second 
Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the 
provider of the Second Party Opinion or such other opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in 
Sustainable Securities. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  
 
The Security Holders will have no recourse against either Issuer or any of the Dealers or the provider 
of the Second Party Opinion or any other such opinion or certification for the contents of any such opinion or 
certification. A withdrawal of any such opinion or certification may affect the value of any Sustainable Securities, 
may result in the delisting of such Sustainability Securities from any dedicated ‘green’, ‘social’ or ‘sustainable’ or 
other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market and/or may have 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green, social, sustainable or other 
equivalently-labelled assets. 
 
No assurances that Sustainable Securities will be or remain admitted to any dedicated segment of any 
stock exchange, nor that admission of Sustainable Securities to any such segment will indicate that 
any particular objectives or investment criteria of any investor will be met   
 
In the event that any Sustainable Securities are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Group, the Dealers 
or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by 
its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct 
or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
Eligible Sustainable Projects or the funding thereof by the Issuer. Furthermore, it should be noted that the 
criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to 
another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, Bank of Ireland, the Dealers or 
any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any Sustainable 
Securities or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the 
Sustainable Securities. 
 
No obligation or assurance that the proceeds of issue of Sustainable Securities (or amounts equal 
thereto) will be applied for the purposes of financing or refinancing Eligible Sustainable Projects, and 
any failure in application of such proceeds (or equal amounts) will not constitute a default or otherwise 
enable Security Holders to take any enforcement action against the relevant Issuer   
 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Sustainable 
Securities for advancing loans to customers on a targeted basis for the purposes of financing and/or refinancing 
Eligible Sustainable Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus, there can be 
no assurance that the relevant loans advanced by the Issuer, or the project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or 
related to, any Eligible Sustainable Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such 
manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such amounts will be totally or 
partially disbursed for such Eligible Sustainable Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible 
Sustainable Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome 
(whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer when making its 
assessment whether or not to advance the relevant loan. Any such event or failure by the Issuer or its

--- Page 61 ---
M-57468134-18 
61
customers will not constitute a breach of the Terms and Conditions of under the Sustainable Securities. No 
Dealer is responsible for (i) any assessment of any eligibility criteria relating to Sustainable Securities, (ii) any 
verification of whether the relevant advance of loans by the Issuer or the Eligible Sustainable Projects will 
satisfy the relevant eligibility criteria or (iii) the monitoring of the use of proceeds.  
 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of 
Sustainable Securities to advance loans to customers to finance and/or refinance any Eligible Sustainable 
Projects, and/or any failure by any such customer to apply those funds to Eligible Sustainable Projects as 
aforesaid, and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that 
the Issuer or any of its customers is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or 
certification is opining or certifying on and/or any Sustainable Securities no longer being listed or admitted to 
trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Security 
holder against the Issuer, (ii) constitute a breach of the Terms and Conditions of the Sustainable Securities, or 
(iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem the Sustainable Securities but may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of such Sustainable Securities and also potentially the value of any other Securities which 
are intended to finance the Issuer’s lending for Eligible Sustainable Projects and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose.  
 
Furthermore, any failure by the Group to meet any sustainability targets it may be required to meet or 
may set itself from time to time shall not constitute an event of default under any Sustainable Securities or 
otherwise result in any Sustainable Securities being redeemed prior to their maturity date. 
 
Performance of Securities may be difficult to assess  
  
It may be difficult for investors to obtain reliable information about the market price or value of the 
Securities or, other than as set out in this Base Prospectus, the extent of the risks to which they are exposed as 
a holder of Securities. The past performance of Securities or other Mortgage Covered Securities issued by the 
Issuer may not be a reliable guide to future performance of Securities.

--- Page 62 ---
M-57468134-18 
62
General Description of the Programme  
 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Securities denominated in any 
currency, subject as set out herein. A summary of the terms and conditions of the Programme and the 
Securities appears under Overview above. The applicable terms of any Securities will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer prior to the issue of those Securities and will be set out in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Securities endorsed on or incorporated by reference into the Securities as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Securities) 
attached to, or endorsed on, such Securities, as more fully described under Form of the Securities, Issue 
Procedures and Clearing Systems below. 
 
This Base Prospectus will only be valid for listing Securities that: 
 
(a) 
in the case of Securities that are not Exempt Securities, are to be admitted to the Official 
List and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets 
for the purposes of MiFID II or to be offered to the public in any Member State of the 
EEA; and 
 
(b) 
in the case of Exempt Securities, are to be admitted on the Official List and to trading on 
the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin,  
 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus in an aggregate nominal amount 
which, when added to the aggregate nominal amount then outstanding on all Securities previously or 
simultaneously issued under the Programme, does not exceed €15,000,000,000 (subject to increase in 
accordance with the Programme Agreement (as defined below)) or its equivalent in other currencies.  
 
For the purpose of calculating the euro equivalent of the aggregate nominal amount of Securities 
issued under the Programme from time to time: 
 
(a) 
the euro equivalent of Securities denominated in another Specified Currency (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Securities or, in the case of 
Exempt Securities, in the applicable Pricing Supplement) shall be determined, at the 
discretion of the Issuer, either as of the date on which agreement is reached for the issue 
of Securities or on the preceding day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in London, in each case, on the basis of the spot rate for 
the sale of the euro against the purchase of such Specified Currency in the London 
foreign exchange market quoted by any leading international bank selected by the Issuer 
on the relevant day of calculation; 
 
(b) 
the euro equivalent of Dual Currency Securities, Index Linked Securities and Partly Paid 
Securities shall be calculated in the manner specified above by reference to the original 
nominal amount on issue of those Securities (in the case of Partly Paid Securities 
regardless of the amount of the subscription price paid); and  
 
(c) 
the euro equivalent of Zero Coupon Securities (as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in relation to the Securities or, in the case of Exempt Securities, in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) and any Securities issued at a discount or a premium shall be calculated in 
the manner specified above by reference to the net proceeds received by the Issuer for 
the relevant issue.

--- Page 63 ---
M-57468134-18 
63
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously 
with this Base Prospectus and have been approved by the Central Bank or filed with it (or in the case of 
the audited financial statements filed with Euronext Dublin) are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
 
 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the period 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 
and the auditor's report dated 26 February 2021 by KPMG thereon, available on the Issuer's 
website at: 
 
https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/debt-investors/covered-bonds/boimb-annual-reports/  
 
 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the period 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019 
and the auditor’s report dated 21 February 2020, by KPMG thereon, available on the Issuer's 
website at: 
 
https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/debt-investors/covered-bonds/boimb-annual-reports/ 
 
 
the interim management statement for Bank of Ireland Group plc for Q3 of 2021 dated 29 October 
2021, available at:  
 
https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/app/uploads/Q3-2021-Interim-Management-
Statement.pdf 
 
 
the terms and conditions of the Securities as contained in pages 88 to 116 of the base prospectus 
dated 2 August 2018 in respect of the Programme, available on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_e4dc68c7-ee48-4a23-becb-414f358dd911.PDF 
 
 
the terms and conditions of the Securities as contained in pages 84 to 107 of the base prospectus 
dated 2 June 2017 in respect of the Programme, available on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Final+Base+Prospectus_9b336987-ab1b-4ec6-8361-
54614e6c77f0.pdf 
 
 
the terms and conditions of the Securities as contained in pages 75 to 98 of the base prospectus 
dated 2 June 2016 in respect of the Programme, available on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_46bb8f1c-c3ef-461b-9cf3-8e79cc751deb.PDF 
 
 
the terms and conditions of the Securities as contained in pages 72 to 95 of the base prospectus 
dated 3 June 2015 in respect of the Programme, available on the website of Euronext Dublin at:  
 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_c93c307a-d71e-4f7c-ba55-85cbb112de1b.pdf 
 
 
save that any statement contained herein or in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by 
reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to 
the extent that a statement contained in any subsequent document which is deemed to be incorporated by 
reference herein by virtue of any supplement to this Base Prospectus modifies or supersedes such earlier 
statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded

--- Page 64 ---
M-57468134-18 
64
shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Where documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus contain information which is 
incorporated by reference in those documents, but are not expressly incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus, that information does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
 
The Issuer will provide, without charge, to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus 
has been delivered, upon the request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference unless such documents have been modified or superseded as specified 
above. Requests for such documents should be directed to the Issuer at its office set out at the end of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 65 ---
M-57468134-18 
65
Supplement to this Base Prospectus 
 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an 
appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or shall publish an updated Base Prospectus. 
 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the 
Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Securities and 
whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary, for the purpose of allowing an 
investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses 
and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Securities and the reasons for the issuance and its 
impact on the Issuer, the Issuer shall prepare an amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
prepare a replacement prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Securities.

--- Page 66 ---
M-57468134-18 
66
Form of the Securities, Issue Procedures and Clearing Systems 
 
Any reference in this section to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference 
to "applicable Pricing Supplement" where relevant. 
 
The Securities of each Series will be in bearer form (Bearer Securities) or registered form 
(Registered Securities). Interest bearing definitive Bearer Securities have interest coupons and if 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further coupons attached.  The Securities have not been 
and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States or 
to, or for the benefit of, US persons unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act is available or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act (see Subscription and Sale, Transfer and Selling Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements). 
Accordingly, the Securities will only be issued outside the United States in reliance upon Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. 
 
Bearer Securities 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Securities will be issued in the form of either a temporary bearer global 
security (a Temporary Bearer Global Security) or a permanent bearer global security (a Permanent 
Bearer Global Security) (each of which, along with a Registered Global Security (as defined under 
Registered Securities below), is a Global Security) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, which, in 
either case, will: 
 
(i) 
if the Bearer Securities are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as 
stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of 
the Tranche to a common safe-keeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; and 
 
(ii) 
if the Bearer Securities are not intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
 
Whilst any Bearer Security is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Security, payment of 
principal, interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of such Security due prior to the 
Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global 
Security if the Temporary Bearer Global Security is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the 
extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in 
such Security are not US persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any US person, as 
required by US Treasury regulations, have been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal 
Paying Agent. 
 
On or after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global 
Security is issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Security will be exchangeable (free of 
charge) as described therein for interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Security of the same Series 
against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been 
given. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Security will not be entitled to collect any payment of 
interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, 
exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Security for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Security 
is improperly withheld or refused. 
 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global 
Security will be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of the Permanent Bearer Global Security if the Permanent Bearer Global 
Security is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification.

--- Page 67 ---
M-57468134-18 
67
 
Interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Security will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole 
but not in part, for definitive Securities in bearer form with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons 
and talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. 
 
For these purposes, Exchange Event means that the Issuer has been notified that both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention to 
permanently cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system 
is available. 
 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to holders of Securities in accordance with Condition 13 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities, as the case may be, if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of 
an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder 
of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Security or the Issuer) may give notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of 
receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
 
The following legend will appear on all Securities which have an original maturity of more than 
365 days and on all receipts and interest coupons relating to such Securities: 
 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING 
THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF 
THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Securities, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital 
gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of 
Securities, receipts or interest coupons. 
 
Securities in global form will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for 
the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
 
Registered Securities 
 
The Registered Securities may be represented by a global security in registered form (a 
Registered Global Security). Prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Securities, beneficial interests in a Registered Global Security 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a US person and 
may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Registered 
Global Security will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
 
In addition, Securities in definitive registered form may be privately placed to non-US persons 
outside the United States on a non-syndicated basis with professional investors only in reliance on 
Regulation S. Any such issue of Securities will be evidenced by a single security registered in the name of 
the holder thereof. 
 
Registered Global Securities will: 
 
(i) 
if the Registered Global Securities are intended to be issued into the New Safekeeping 
Structure (NSS), as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to the Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and registered in the name of a nominee of the Common 
Safekeeper; and

--- Page 68 ---
M-57468134-18 
68
(ii) 
if the Registered Global Securities are not intended to be issued into the NSS, as stated 
in the applicable Final Terms, be deposited with a common depositary for, and 
registered in the name of a common nominee of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Securities will be required, under the 
circumstances described below, to receive delivery of definitive Securities in registered form. 
 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global 
Securities will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register 
(as defined in Condition 5 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities) as the registered holder of the 
Registered Global Securities. None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on 
account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Securities or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Securities in 
definitive form will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the 
Register on the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 5 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
 
Interests in a Registered Global Security will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in 
part, for definitive Registered Securities without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Security holders in accordance 
with Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event 
of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Security or the Issuer) may give notice 
to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date 
of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
 
Transfer of Interests in Global Securities 
 
Interests in a Global Security may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions and 
requirements, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in a Global Security. No 
beneficial owner of an interest in a Global Security will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of the Clearing Systems, in each case to the extent applicable. 
Registered Securities are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend 
regarding such restrictions, see Subscription and Sale, Transfer and Selling Restrictions and Secondary 
Market Arrangements. In relation to trading of Securities in the Clearing Systems see Risk Factors — 
Trading in the Clearing Systems. 
 
Clearing Systems 
 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, 
regulations and procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg currently in effect. The information 
in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the Issuer believes 
to be reliable, but none of the Issuer, the Arrangers or any Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy 
thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the 
continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of 
the Issuer, the Arrangers or any of the Dealers will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to, or payments made on account of, interests in the Securities held through the facilities 
of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such interests. 
 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its participants and facilitates 
the clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective participants. The Clearing Systems provide various services including safekeeping,

--- Page 69 ---
M-57468134-18 
69
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. The Clearing Systems also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through 
established depositary and custodial relationships. The Clearing Systems have established an electronic 
bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants may settle trades with each 
other. 
 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg participants are world-wide financial institutions, 
including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. 
Indirect access to the Clearing Systems is available to other institutions and persons that directly or 
indirectly through other institutions clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a participant of 
either system. 
 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard Du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg. The 
Common Safekeeper for Securities, issued under the Programme in NGN form is Euroclear. 
 
Transfers of Securities Represented by Global Securities 
 
Interests in a Global Security may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions and 
requirements, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in a Global Security. No 
beneficial owner of an interest in a Global Security will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to 
the extent applicable. Registered Securities are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein 
and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions, see Subscription and Sale, Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements. 
 
Transfers of any interests in Securities represented by a Global Security within the Clearing 
Systems will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of the relevant 
clearing system. 
 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have each published rules and operating procedures 
designed to facilitate transfers of interests in Global Securities among participants and accountholders of 
the Clearing Systems. However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such 
procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuer, the 
Arrangers or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective 
obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations and none of them will have any 
liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of interests in the Securities 
represented by Global Securities or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
interests. 
 
General 
 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under Terms and Conditions of the Securities), 
the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Securities is issued which is 
intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Securities, the Securities of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned a common code and international securities identification number (ISIN) 
number which are different from the common code assigned to Securities of any other Tranches of the 
same Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period applicable to the Securities of 
such Tranche. 
 
For so long as any of the Securities is represented by a Global Security held on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Securities (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Securities

--- Page 70 ---
M-57468134-18 
70
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error or proven error) shall be treated by the Issuer and its agents as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Securities for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest 
on such nominal amount of Securities, for which purposes the bearer of the relevant Securities in bearer 
form or, as applicable, the registered holder of the relevant Securities in registered form shall be treated 
by the Issuer and its agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Securities in accordance with 
and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Securities and the expressions Security holder and holder 
of Securities and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
 
Any reference herein to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, wherever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Where any Security is represented by a Global Security and the Global Security (or any part 
thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Securities 
and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global 
Security, then holders of interests in such Global Security credited to their accounts with Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer 
on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject 
to the terms of the Securities.

--- Page 71 ---
M-57468134-18 
71
Final Terms for Securities 
 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Securities 
which are not Exempt Securities issued under the Programme. 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities (as described herein), are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the European Economic Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities (as defined herein) are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities (as described herein) has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Securities is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID 
II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities (either by adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities (as described herein) has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Securities is eligible counterparties as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (COBS) and professional clients as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Securities to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any distributor should take 
into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Securities (a distributor) subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for

--- Page 72 ---
M-57468134-18 
72
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 
289) OF SINGAPORE (THE SFA) – The Securities (as described herein) are prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).]1 
 
[date]2 
 
BANK OF IRELAND MORTGAGE BANK UNLIMITED COMPANY 
 
[Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 635400LWGWFFKITHYD44] 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [● per cent./Floating Rate/Zero Coupon] 
Mortgage Covered Securities due ● under the €15,000,000,000 Mortgage Covered Securities 
Programme (the "Securities") 
 
THE SECURITIES (AS DESCRIBED HEREIN) ARE MORTGAGE COVERED SECURITIES 
ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ASSET COVERED SECURITIES ACT, 2001 OF IRELAND (AS 
AMENDED, THE ACT). THE ISSUER HAS BEEN REGISTERED BY THE CENTRAL BANK OF 
IRELAND AS A DESIGNATED MORTGAGE CREDIT INSTITUTION PURSUANT TO THE ACT. THE 
FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE SECURITIES ARE SECURED ON THE 
COVER ASSETS THAT COMPRISE A COVER ASSETS POOL MAINTAINED BY THE ISSUER IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE ACT. 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Securities described herein for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
The expression “Prospectus Regulation" used herein means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities (the Conditions) set forth in the base prospectus dated 16 December 2021 
(the Base Prospectus) at pages [  •  ] to [  •  ] [and the supplemental base prospectus dated [●]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and relevant Irish 
laws. This document (the Final Terms) constitutes the final terms of the Securities described herein for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as 
so supplemented].3 Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, [and the supplemental base 
prospectus].4  
 
The Base Prospectus, [and the supplemental base prospectus dated [●]] [has] [have] been 
 
1 To be included if the Securities are to be offered into Singapore and if the Securities are not vanilla fixed rate or 
floating rate notes, the product classification of the Securities as "prescribed capital markets products" under the 
SFA may need to be reassessed. 
2 To be inserted 
3Delete unless Base Prospectus has been supplemented by a Supplement in which the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities have been amended for the purposes of all future issues under the Programme. 
4Delete unless Base Prospectus has been supplemented by a Supplement in which the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities have been amended for the purposes of all future issues under the Programme.

--- Page 73 ---
M-57468134-18 
73
published on the website of the Issuer at: https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/debt-investors/. 
 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date. 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities (the Conditions) set forth in the base prospectus dated [specify date of 
original base prospectus for the issuance]. This document (the Final Terms) constitutes the final terms of 
the Securities described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and relevant Irish laws and 
must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated [  •  ] 2021 (the Base Prospectus) [and the 
supplemental base prospectus dated [●]], 5  which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and relevant Irish laws, save in respect of the Conditions set forth 
at pages [●] to [●] of the Base Prospectus which shall be replaced with the Conditions which are set forth 
in the base prospectus dated [specify date of original base prospectus for the issuance] and the Base 
Prospectus shall be read in conjunction with such Conditions.  
 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms, the Conditions, the Base Prospectus [and the supplemental base 
prospectus dated [●]]. The Base Prospectus, [and the supplemental base prospectus dated [●]] [has] 
[have] been published on the website of the Issuer at: https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/debt-
investors/ and copies may be obtained during normal business hours from the specified office of the 
Paying Agent]  
 
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as Not Applicable (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if Not Applicable is indicated for individual paragraphs 
or subparagraphs. Italics denote and footnotes contain directions for completing the Final Terms. 
 
When completing any final terms consideration should also be given as to whether "significant 
new factors" exist and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
 
Issuer: 
Bank of Ireland Mortgage Bank Unlimited 
Company 
 
 
 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
 
 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of 
that Series, including the date on which the 
Securities become fungible) 
 
 
 
Date 
on 
which 
the 
Securities 
become fungible: 
 
[Not 
Applicable]/[The 
Securities 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
(insert description of the Series) on [insert 
date/the 
Issue 
Date/exchange 
of 
the 
Temporary Global Security for interests in the 
Permanent Global Security, as referred to in 
paragraph 21 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [insert date]]].] 
 
 
5Delete unless Base Prospectus has been supplemented by a Supplement in which the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities have been amended for the purposes of all future issues under the Programme.

--- Page 74 ---
M-57468134-18 
74
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[EUR] / [US$] / [Yen]6 
 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Securities: 
 
 
Series: 
 
 
Tranche: 
 
 
[●] 
 
[●] 
 
 
 
 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable) 
 
 
 
Net proceeds (Required only for 
listed issues): 
 
[●] 
 
 
Specify whether expenses or taxes 
will be charged to investors: 
 
[Yes – if so specify which expenses/taxes/No] 
 
Specified Denominations: 
(In the case of Registered         Securities, 
this means the minimum integral amount in 
which transfers can be made) 
 
[●]  
[If the specified denomination is expressed to 
be €100,000 or its equivalent and multiples of 
a lower principal amount (for example €1,000), 
insert the additional wording as follows: 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. 
No Securities in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above [€199,000].] [NB – 
Minimum €100,000 or equivalent] 
 
 
Issue Date: 
 
[●] 
 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed Rate/Zero Coupon — specify date/ 
Floating Rate — Interest Payment Date falling 
in or nearest to [specify month and year]] 
 
 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 
(See Conditions 4(e) and 6(i)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[The Extended Maturity Date is [●].] 
 
[Extended Maturity Date must be Applicable to 
all issues of Securities, unless the rating 
agencies which at the relevant time provide 
credit ratings for the Programme agree that 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date 
may 
be 
Not 
Applicable]7 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
 
 
 
 
6 Delete as appropriate  
7If applicable, the date should be that falling one year after the Maturity Date. If not applicable, insert “Not 
Applicable”.

--- Page 75 ---
M-57468134-18 
75
(i) Period to Maturity Date: 
 
(ii) Period from Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[●] 
 
[Not Applicable]8 
[Extended Maturity Date] 
 
 
Interest Basis: 
 
(i) Period to Maturity Date: 
 
 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[EURIBOR] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified at 14(i), 14(a)(i), 
15(i), 15(d)(i) and 16 below) 
 
 
(ii) Period from Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[●|] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[EURIBOR] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified at 14(ii), 14(a)(ii), 
15(ii) and 15(d)(ii))9 
 
 
Redemption Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Instalment] 
[Redemption at premium] 
 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified at 17 and 18 
below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
 
 
Fixed Rate Security Provisions: 
 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]10 
(If not applicable, state "Not Applicable" in the 
relevant subparagraphs below of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(ii) From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) not applicable, 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph] 
 
 
 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly] in arrear] 
(If payable other than annually a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus will be required 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
 
8If Extended Maturity Date is not applicable, insert “Not Applicable”. 
9Insert “Not Applicable” only if Extended Maturity Date does not apply. 
10State 'Not Applicable' unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities after the 
Maturity Date.

--- Page 76 ---
M-57468134-18 
76
Regulation) 
 
 
(ii) From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] per cent. per annum. 
[payable [annually/semi-annually/quarterly] in 
arrear] 
(If payable other than annually a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus will be required 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation)11 
 
 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
[[●] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date] commencing on [  •  ]] 
 
(NB — this will need to be amended in the 
case of long or short coupons) 
 
 
(ii) From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]12 [[●] in each month up to and 
including the Extended Maturity Date] 
 
(If payable other than monthly a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus will be required 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation) 
 
 
 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
[●] per [●] in nominal amount 
 
 
(ii) From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 13  [●] per [●] in nominal 
amount 
 
 
 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
[[●] per [●] in nominal amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]]/ [Not 
applicable]. [Insert particulars of any initial or 
final broken interest amounts which do not 
correspond with the Fixed Coupon Amount(s)] 
 
 
(ii) From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 14  [[●] per [●] in nominal 
amount payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [ ]]/ [Not applicable] [Insert 
particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
 
11State 'Not Applicable' unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities after the 
Maturity Date. 
12State 'Not Applicable' unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities after the 
Maturity Date. 
13State 'Not Applicable' unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities after the 
Maturity Date. 
14State 'Not Applicable' unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities after the 
Maturity Date.

--- Page 77 ---
M-57468134-18 
77
amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s)] 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[30/360]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] [Unadjusted][Adjusted] 
 
 
(ii) From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/ 
[30/360]/[Actual/365 (Fixed)]15 
 
 
 
 
Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
[Insert 
regular 
interest 
payment 
dates, 
ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in the 
case of a long or short first or last Coupon NB 
— This will need to be amended in the case 
of regular interest periods which are not of 
equal duration 
NB — Only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 16  [●] in each year [Insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring Issue 
Date or Maturity Date in the case of a long or 
short first or last Coupon NB — This will need 
to be amended in the case of regular interest 
periods which are not of equal duration 
NB — Only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
Floating Rate Security Provisions: 
 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
 [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, state "Not Applicable" in the 
relevant subparagraphs below of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(ii) From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]17 
(If sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) not applicable, 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
 
Interest Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
 
 
 
15 State 'Not Applicable' unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities after the 
Maturity Date. 
 
16State 'Not Applicable' unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after 
the Maturity Date. 
17State 'Not Applicable' unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after 
the Maturity Date.

--- Page 78 ---
M-57468134-18 
78
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]  
[Interest Periods: [●] 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: [●]] 
 
 
(ii) From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]18 
[Interest Periods: [●] 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: [●]] 
 
 
 
Business Day Convention: 
 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Floating Rate 
Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
 
(ii) From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Floating Rate Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]19 
 
 
 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
 
(ii) From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
 
[Not Applicable] [●]20 
 
 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) is to 
be determined: 
 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Screen Rate 
Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
 
(ii) From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Screen Rate Determination/ 
ISDA Determination]21 
 
 
 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Principal Paying 
Agent): 
 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
 
18State 'Not Applicable' unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after 
the Maturity Date. 
19State 'Not Applicable' unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after 
the Maturity Date. 
20State 'Not Applicable' unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after 
the Maturity Date. 
21State 'Not Applicable' unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after 
the Maturity Date.

--- Page 79 ---
M-57468134-18 
79
 
(ii) From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
 
[Not Applicable] [●]22 
 
 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
 
 
[Not Applicable] [●] (EURIBOR. If other, a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus is 
required pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus 
Regulation, 
and 
fallback 
provisions 
required 
for 
the 
Agency 
Agreement) 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] [●] (Second day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[Not Applicable] [●] (In the case of EURIBOR, 
if not Reuters EURIBOR1 or Telerate page 
248 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate. If it is not such a page, a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus is 
required pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation) 
 
 
(ii) From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
 
[Not Applicable]23 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[●] (EURIBOR. If other, a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus is required pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, and 
fallback provisions required for the Agency 
Agreement) 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] (Second day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR1 or Telerate page 248 ensure it is 
a page which shows a composite rate. If it is 
not such a page, a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus is required pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation) 
 
 
 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
(i) 
ISDA Definitions  
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
/ 
[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
22State 'Not Applicable' unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after 
the Maturity Date. 
23State 'Not Applicable' unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after 
the Maturity Date.

--- Page 80 ---
M-57468134-18 
80
 
 
(ii) 
To Maturity Date: 
 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
 
[●] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
 
[●] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
From Maturity Date up 
to 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date: 
 
[Not Applicable]24 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
 
[●] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
  
• 
Reset Date: 
 
[●] 
 
[●] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – the rate of 
interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
 
Margin(s): 
 
 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up 
to 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable]25 [+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up 
to 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable]26 [+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
 
 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up 
to 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable]27 [+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
 
24State 'Not Applicable' unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after 
the Maturity Date. 
25State 'Not Applicable' unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after 
the Maturity Date. 
26State 'Not Applicable' unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after 
the Maturity Date. 
27State 'Not Applicable' unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after 
the Maturity Date.

--- Page 81 ---
M-57468134-18 
81
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Actual/365 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360] 
(as set out in Condition 4) 
 
 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up 
to 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date: 
 
 
[Not Applicable]28 
[Actual/365 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360] 
(as set out in Condition 4) 
 
 
Zero Coupon Security Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Accrual Yield: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
Reference Price: 
 
[●] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
 
Issuer Call: 
(as referred to in Condition 6 (b)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[●] 
 
 
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each Security: 
 
[●] per Security of [●] Specified Denomination. 
 
 
 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●] 
 
Investor Put: 
(as referred to in Condition 6 (c)) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[●] 
 
28State 'Not Applicable' unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after 
the Maturity Date.

--- Page 82 ---
M-57468134-18 
82
 
 
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each 
Security 
and 
method 
`of 
calculation of such amounts(s): 
 
[●] per Security of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each Security: 
 
[●] per Security of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
 
 
Form of Securities, Issue Procedures and 
Clearing Systems: 
[Bearer Securities: 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Security 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global 
Security which is exchangeable for definitive 
Bearer Securities only upon an Exchange 
Event] 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Security which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Securities 
only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Registered Securities: 
 
[Registered 
Global 
Security 
([●] 
nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee 
for 
a 
[common 
depositary] 
[common 
safekeeper] for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
which 
is 
exchangeable 
for 
definitive Registered Securities only upon an 
Exchange Event] 
[Registered Securities in definitive form] 
(Specify nominal amounts) 
 
 
[New 
Global 
Note] 
[New 
Safekeeping 
Structure]: 
 
[New 
Global 
Note] 
[New 
Safekeeping 
Structure] [No] 
 
 
Additional Financial 
Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details] (note that this item 
relates to the place of payment and not Interest 
Period end dates to which item 19(c) relates) 
 
 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to definitive Bearer Securities (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
 
[No/Yes. As the Securities have more than 27 
coupon payments, talons may be required if, 
on exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are left.] 
 
 
Details relating to Instalment Securities: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(iii) 
Whether 
Condition 
5(i) 
applies: 
[Condition 5(i) applicable/Condition 5(i) not 
applicable] (Condition 5(i) relates to Registered 
Securities in definitive form only)] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY

--- Page 83 ---
M-57468134-18 
83
 
The Issuer accepts the responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[●] has 
been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such additional information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading]. 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
 
By:__________________ 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Securities to be admitted to the Official 
List of Euronext Dublin [insert any relevant green or 
sustainable bond segment] and trading on [the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin] [insert any 
relevant green or sustainable bond segment] with 
effect from [•].]  
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Securities to be listed on the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin [insert any relevant 
green or sustainable bond segment] and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin 
[insert any relevant green or sustainable bond 
segment] [insert such further stock exchange(s) or 
markets as may be agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer.] with effect from [•].]  
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses  
[•] 
related to admission to  
trading: 
 
 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
The Securities to be issued have been rated:  
 
[The following ratings reflect the ratings allocated to 
Securities 
of 
this 
type 
issued 
under 
the 
€15,000,000,000 
Mortgage 
Covered 
Securities 
Programme generally:] 
 
[Moody's: [●]] 
 
[Other: [●] which is established in the [EU] and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the CRA Regulation)] [which is not 
established in the [EU] and not registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
CRA Regulation)] [and its ratings will be endorsed

--- Page 84 ---
M-57468134-18 
84
and published or distributed by subscription by such a 
credit rating agency in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation]. 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.) 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Securities of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating. If not included in 
the Base Prospectus, include a statement as to 
whether or not the relevant credit rating agency is 
established in the EU and whether it is registered 
under Regulation (EC) 1060/2009) 
 
 
[NOTIFICATION 
 
The Central Bank [has been requested to provide/has provided — include first alternative for an 
issue which is contemporaneous with the update of the Programme and the second alternative for 
subsequent issues] the [names of competent authorities of host member states of the EEA] with a 
certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation.]] / [Not Applicable]29 
 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the Dealers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
issue of the Securities has an interest material to the offer.] (Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests, including conflicting ones that are material to the issue, detailing the person involved and the 
nature of the interest. Consider whether such matters constitute "significant new factors" and consequently 
trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
 
 
YIELD 
 
(Fixed Rate Securities only) 
 Indication of yield:  
[●] per cent - the yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
 
 
 
SUSTAINABLE SECURITIES 
 
 
Sustainable Securities: 
Applicable/Not applicable 
See “Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus/[The 
Securities are intended to be issued as Sustainable 
Securities, [further particulars to be provided].]/Give 
details] 
 
 
 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES: BENCHMARKS REGULATION (Floating Rate Securities 
calculated by reference to a benchmark only)  
 
(i) 
Historic Interest Rates  
Details of historic [LIBOR/EURIBOR/CMS Rate/other' 
 
29 To be deleted if not applicable.

--- Page 85 ---
M-57468134-18 
85
rates can be obtained from [Reuters]. 
 
(ii) 
Benchmarks: 
[Amounts payable under the Securities will be 
calculated by reference to [  •  ] which is provided by [  
•  ]. As at [  •  ], [  •  ]  [appears/does not appear] on 
the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained 
by 
the 
European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 
36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks 
Regulation). [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that [  •  ] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration.]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
 
 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code:  
 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. and the 
relevant identification 
number(s): 
 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
 
 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(v) 
Names and addresses of 
 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
 
(if any):  
 
 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
 
[Yes/No]. 
 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Securities will be deposited upon 
issue with one of the ICSDs as common safe-
keeper [and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper (include this text for 
registered 
securities)] 
and 
does 
not 
necessarily mean that the Securities will be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem's eligibility 
criteria.] 
 
(Include this text if Yes selected in which case 
Bearer Securities must be issued in NGN form

--- Page 86 ---
M-57468134-18 
86
and Registered Securities must be issued in 
accordance 
with 
the 
New 
Safekeeping 
Structure.) 
 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Securities are capable 
of meeting them, the Securities may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper (include this text for 
registered securities]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Securities will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
(Include this text if No selected) 
 
(vii) 
CFI 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/[    ]] 
 
(viii) 
FISN 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/[    ]] 
 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, 
requested or available it/they should be 
specified to be "Not Applicable") 
 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated] 
 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Lead 
Manager[s] and Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names and, if the relevant Dealer 
is not also a permanent Dealer under the Programme, 
addresses and descriptions (for example, Financial 
Institution)] 
 
 
(iii) 
Stabilising Dealer (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
(iv) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[●] (if relevant Dealer is not also a permanent Dealer 
under the Programme, include its address and 
description) [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
[Commission 
Payable/Selling 
Concession: 
 
[●]] 
 
 
(vi) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
 
[Reg. 
S 
Compliance 
Category 
2; 
TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/ TEFRA N/A]

--- Page 87 ---
M-57468134-18 
87
Pricing Supplement 
 
EXEMPT SECURITIES 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities (as described herein) are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the European Economic Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities (as defined herein) are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's produce approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities (as described herein) has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Securities is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID 
II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities (either by adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities (as described herein) has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Securities is eligible counterparties as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (COBS) and professional clients as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Securities to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any distributor should take 
into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Securities (a distributor) subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 88 ---
M-57468134-18 
88
 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE (THE SFA) – The Securities (as described herein) are prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).]30 
 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt 
Securities, whatever the denomination of those Securities, issued under the Programme. 
 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION 2017/1129 FOR THE ISSUE 
OF THE EXEMPT SECURITIES DESCRIBED BELOW AND WHICH ARE REFERRED TO IN THE 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT BELOW AS THE SECURITIES.  
 
 
[date]31 
 
BANK OF IRELAND MORTGAGE BANK UNLIMITED COMPANY  
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [● per cent./Floating Rate/Zero Coupon] 
Mortgage Covered Securities due ● under the €15,000,000,000 Mortgage Covered Securities 
Programme (the "Securities") 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Securities may only do so in circumstances 
in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of 
the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Securities described herein. This 
document must be read in conjunction with the listing particulars dated  16 December[ 2021 (the Base 
Prospectus) [as supplemented by the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] which [together] 
constitute[s] “Listing Particulars” for the purposes of the admission of the Securities to the Official List and 
to trading on the Global Exchange Market. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is 
only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [is] [are] available for viewing on the 
Issuer's website [at https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/debt-investors/ and copies may be 
obtained during normal business hours from the specified office of the Paying Agent.] 
 
[The following language is to be included only if the first tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a Listing Particulars with an earlier date.]  
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set 
forth in the listing particulars dated [original date] which are incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus.] 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as Not Applicable (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if Not Applicable is indicated for individual paragraphs 
or sub-paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
 
30 To be included if the Securities are to be offered into Singapore and if the Securities are not vanilla fixed rate or 
floating rate notes, the product classification of the Securities as "prescribed capital markets products" under the 
SFA may need to be reassessed. 
31 To be inserted

--- Page 89 ---
M-57468134-18 
89
 
 
Issuer: 
Bank of Ireland Mortgage Bank Unlimited Company 
 
(a) Series Number: 
[•] 
 
 
(b) Tranche Number: 
[•] 
(if fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Securities 
become fungible) 
 
 
(c) Date on which the Securities become 
fungible: 
The Securities will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [•] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Security for interests in the 
Permanent Global Security, as referred to in 
paragraph 21 below, which is expected to occur on or 
about [date]] / [Not Applicable]  
 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Securities 
become fungible) 
 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[EUR] / [US$] / [Yen]32 
 
 
(a) Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Series:  
[•] 
 
 
(b) Specify whether Securities to be admitted to 
trading: 
 
[Yes – if so specify which Series/Tranche/No] 
 
(a) Issue Price: 
 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable] 
 
(b) Net Proceeds (required only for listed 
issues): 
 
[•] 
 
 
(c) Specify whether expenses or taxes will be 
charged to investors: 
 
[Yes – if so specify which expenses/taxes/No] 
 
 
(a) Specified Denominations: 
(in the case of Registered Securities, this 
means the minimum integral amount in 
which transfers can be made) 
[•] 
[If the specified denomination is expressed to be 
€100,000 or its equivalent and multiples of a lower 
principal amount (for example €1,000), insert the 
additional wording as follows: "€100,000 and integral 
multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€199,000]. No Securities in definitive form 
will be issued with a denomination above [€199,000].] 
(NB – Minimum €100,000 or equivalent) 
 
 
(b) Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
 
32 Delete as appropriate

--- Page 90 ---
M-57468134-18 
90
 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
 
 
Issue Date: 
[•]  
 
 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – [•]] 
[Floating rate – Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [specify month]] 
 
 
Extended Maturity Date:  
(See Conditions 4(e) and 6(i)) 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[The Extended Maturity Date is [●]. 
[Extended Maturity Date must be Applicable to all 
issues of Securities, unless the rating agencies which 
at the relevant time provide credit ratings for the 
Programme agree that Extended Maturity Date may 
be Not Applicable] 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
(a) To Maturity Date: 
  
(b) From Maturity Date up to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
 
 
[●] 
 
[Not applicable] 
[Extended Maturity Date] 
 
Interest Basis: 
 
 
(a) To Maturity Date: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/– [•] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate until [•], then calculated in 
accordance with paragraph 16 below] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Index Linked Interest] 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
[CMS Linked Interest] 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
[specify other] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
 
(b) From Maturity Date to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[●|] per cent. Fixed Rate] [EURIBOR] 
+/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified at 17(ii), 17(a)(ii), 18(ii) 
and 18(d)(ii)) 
 
 
Redemption Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Redemption at premium] 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
[CMS Linked Redemption] 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
[Partly Paid] 
[Instalment] 
[specify other] 
 
 
Change of Interest Basis or Redemption Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of 
Securities 
into 
another 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis/Not Applicable]

--- Page 91 ---
M-57468134-18 
91
 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
 
Fixed Rate Security Provisions: 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If subparagraphs (i) and (ii) not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(ii) From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, state "Not applicable" in the relevant 
subparagraphs below of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Rate(s) of Interest: 
 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear]  
 
(ii) From 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
 
[Not Applicable/ [•] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly] in arrear]  
 
(b) Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
 
[[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date] 
(NB This will need to be amended in the case of long 
or short coupons) 
 
 
(ii) From Maturity Date to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
 
[Not Applicable] [[•] in each month up to and including 
the Extended Maturity Date] 
 
(c) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
[•] per [•] in nominal amount 
 
(ii) From Maturity Date to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
 
[Not Applicable] [•] per [•] in nominal amount 
 
(d) Broken Amount(s): 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
[[•] per [•] in nominal amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]]/ [Not applicable][Insert 
particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupons Amount(s)] 
 
 
(ii) From Maturity Date to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[•] per [•] in nominal amount payable 
on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]]/ [Not 
applicable][Insert particulars of any initial or final 
broken interest amounts which do not correspond with 
the Fixed Coupons Amount(s)] 
 
 
(e) Day Count Fraction: 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [30/360] /[Actual/365(Fixed)] 
 
(ii) From Maturity Date to Extended 
[Not Applicable] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] /

--- Page 92 ---
M-57468134-18 
92
Maturity Date: 
 
[30/360]/[Actual/365(Fixed)] 
 
(f) Determination Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon. NB: This will need to be amended in 
the case of regular interest periods which are not of 
equal duration 
(NB: only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
 
 
(ii) From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in the 
case of a long or short first or last Coupon (NB: only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))] 
 
 
Floating Rate Security Provisions: 
 
 
(i) From Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if not applicable, state 
"Not Applicable" in the relevant subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(ii) From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if subparagraphs (i) and 
(ii) 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) Interest 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates:  
 
 
 
(i) From Maturity Date: 
[Interest Periods: [•]] 
[Specified Interest Payment Dates: [•]] 
 
(ii) From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Interest Periods: [•]] 
[Specified Interest Payment Dates: [•]] 
 
 
(b) Business Day Convention: 
 
 
(i) From Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]  
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(ii) From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(c) Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) To Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
 
[Not Applicable] [•] 
 
(d) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) is to be determined: 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(ii) From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 
[Not Applicable] [Screen Rate Determination/ ISDA 
Determination]

--- Page 93 ---
M-57468134-18 
93
 
(e) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 
[Not Applicable] [•] 
 
 
(f) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Rate 
and 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre(s): 
[•] month [/EURIBOR/specify other Reference Rate]. 
(Either EURIBOR or other, although additional 
information is required if other, including fallback 
provisions.) 
Relevant Financial Centre: [•] 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 system is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR) 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fall back provisions appropriately) 
 
 
(ii) From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference 
Rate 
and 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre(s): 
[●] month [/EURIBOR/specify other Reference Rate]. 
(Either EURIBOR or other, although additional 
information is required if other, including fallback 
provisions.) 
Relevant Financial Centre: [●] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 system is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR) 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fall back provisions appropriately) 
 
(g) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
(i) ISDA Definitions  
[2006 ISDA Definitions] / [2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
(ii) To Maturity Date: 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
(iii) From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
(h) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – the rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)]

--- Page 94 ---
M-57468134-18 
94
 
(i) Margin(s): 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 
[Not Applicable] [+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 
[Not Applicable] [+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(k) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 
[Not Applicable] [+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(l) Day Count Fraction: 
 
 
(i) To Maturity Date: 
[Actual/365 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360] 
(as set out in Condition 4) 
 
(ii) From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
[Actual/365 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360] 
(as set out in Condition 4) 
 
 
Zero Coupon Security Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Securities which are 
Exempt Securities: 
[•] 
 
(iv) Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and 
late payment: 
[Conditions 6(e) and 6(h) apply] 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[specify other] 
(Consider applicable day count fraction if not U.S. 
dollar denominated) 
 
 
Index Linked Interest Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) Index/Formula: 
[Give or annex details] 
[Index Linked Interest Securities may include (without 
limitation) Securities linked to Constant Maturity Swap

--- Page 95 ---
M-57468134-18 
95
rates or Securities linked to a rate of inflation] 
[Where the Index/Formula is a basket of underlyings, 
include ‘Disclosure of the relevant weightings of each 
underlying in the basket] 
[Include ‘Final Reference Date’ and ‘Exercise Price’ if 
required] 
 
 
(ii) Calculation Agent: 
[give name] 
 
 
(iii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest (if not the 
Calculation Agent) and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
 
[•] 
 
(iv) Provisions for determining Coupon 
where calculation by reference to 
Index 
and/or 
Formula 
is 
impossible or impracticable: 
 
[need to include a description of market disruption or 
settlement 
disruption 
events 
and 
adjustment 
provisions] 
 
(v) Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 
[•] 
 
(vi) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/specify other] 
 
(vii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
[•] 
 
(viii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) Day Count Fraction: 
[•] 
 
 
Dual Currency Interest Security Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Rate 
of 
Exchange/method 
of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
 
[give or annex details] 
 
(ii) Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Agent): 
 
[•] 
 
(iii) Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate of 
Exchange 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
 
[need to include a description of market disruption or 
settlement 
disruption 
events 
and 
adjustment 
provisions] 
 
(iv) Person at whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[•] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
 
(i) Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 96 ---
M-57468134-18 
96
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[•] 
 
(iii) Optional Redemption Amount and 
method of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
 
[[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/specify 
other/see 
Appendix] 
 
(iv) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[•] 
 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[•] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount and 
method of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
 
 
[[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/specify 
other/see 
Appendix] 
 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/specify 
other/see 
Appendix] 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons and/or the 
method of calculating the same (if required): 
 
[[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/specify 
other/see 
Appendix] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES
 
 
(i) Form 
of 
Securities 
Issue 
Procedures 
and 
Clearing 
Systems: 
 
[Bearer Securities: 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Security 
 
 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global 
Security which is exchangeable for definitive Bearer 
Securities only upon an Exchange Event] 
[Permanent 
Bearer 
Global 
Security 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Securities only 
upon an Exchange Event] 
[Registered Securities: 
[Registered Global Security ([●] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for a [common 
depositary] [common safekeeper] for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg which is exchangeable for 
definitive 
Registered 
Securities 
only 
upon 
an 
Exchange Event] 
[Registered Securities in definitive form] 
(Specify nominal amounts) 
 
 
(ii) New 
Global 
Note/ 
New 
Safekeeping Structure: 
[New Global Note] [New Safekeeping Structure] [No]

--- Page 97 ---
M-57468134-18 
97
 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates) 
 
 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to definitive Bearer Securities (and 
dates on which such Talons mature):  
[No/Yes. As the Securities have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are left.] 
 
 
Details relating to Partly Paid Securities: amount 
of each payment comprising the Issue Price and 
date on which each payment is to be made and 
consequences of failure to pay, including any 
right of the Issuer to forfeit the Securities and 
interest due on late payment: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details. N.B. A new form of 
Temporary Global Security and/or Permanent Global 
Security may be required for Partly Paid issues] 
 
Details relating to Instalment Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Instalment Amount(s): 
 
[give details] 
 
(ii) Instalment Date(s): 
[give details] 
 
 
Settlement procedures of the Securities: 
[give details] 
 
 
Return on the Securities:  
[give 
details 
of 
how 
return 
takes 
place, 
payment/delivery date, calculation method] 
 
 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading]. 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
 
By:  ...............................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 98 ---
M-57468134-18 
98
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) Listing 
and 
Admission 
to 
trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses  
 related to admission to 
trading: 
 
[Application [has been made] [is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Securities to be 
listed on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext 
Dublin [insert any relevant green or sustainable bond 
segment] [insert such further stock exchange(s) or 
markets as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer.]  with effect from [•]  / [Not 
Applicable33] 
 
 
[•]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
The Securities to be issued have been rated:  
 
 
[The following ratings reflect the ratings allocated to 
Securities of this type issued under the €15,000,000,000 
Mortgage Covered Securities Programme generally:] 
 
[Moody's: [●]] 
 
[Other: [●] which is established in the EU and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the CRA Regulation)]  [which is not 
established in the EU and not registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation)] [and its ratings will be endorsed and 
published or distributed by subscription by such a credit 
rating agency in accordance with the CRA Regulation]. 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.) 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Securities of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating. If not included in the Base 
Prospectus, include a statement as to whether or not the 
relevant credit rating agency is established in the EU 
and whether it is registered under Regulation (EC) 
1060/2009) 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the Dealers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Securities has an interest material to the offer. The Dealers and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
 
33 Where "Not Applicable" is specified, no application has been made to have the Securities listed or admitted to 
trading on any stock exchange.

--- Page 99 ---
M-57468134-18 
99
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business]. 
 
4. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
 [The Securities are intended to be 
issued as Sustainable Securities. 
 [Further particulars to be provided]. 
[Give details]]34 
 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
 
[•] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(v) 
Name and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
 
(vii) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" 
simply means that the Securities are 
intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper 
(include 
this 
text 
for 
registered 
securities] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Securities will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem 
monetary 
policy 
and 
intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being 
satisfied 
that 
Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of this Pricing Supplement, should 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Securities are 
capable of meeting them the Securities may 
 
34 Intended to be used for disclosure in respect of Sustainable Securities – item can be deleted if no other reason to 
provide disclosure to investors.

--- Page 100 ---
M-57468134-18 
100
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper (include this text for 
registered securities]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Securities will then 
be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
 
(viii) CFI 
 
[Not Applicable/[  •  ]] 
 
(ix) 
FISN 
[Not Applicable/[  •  ]] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, 
requested or available it/they should be 
specified to be "Not Applicable") 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Lead 
Managers[s] and Dealers: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(ii) 
Stabilising 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of relevant Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; 
TEFRA 
D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA 
not 
applicable] 
 
(v) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Additional selling restrictions are only 
likely to be relevant for certain 
structured 
Securities, 
such 
as 
commodity-linked Securities) 
 
 
 
NAME OF INDEX, DESCRIPTION OF INDEX, PERFORMANCE OF INDEX/FORMULA, 
EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND 
OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING  
 
(i) [Description of the settlement procedure of derivative securities] 
 
(ii) [Description of how any return on derivative securities takes place, the payment or 
delivery date and the way it is calculated] 
 
(iii) [Where Securities are index related, name of the index and a description of the index if 
composed by the issuer, or if not, where information about the index can be obtained] 
 
(iv) [If there is a derivative component in the interest or the Securities are derivative

--- Page 101 ---
M-57468134-18 
101
securities, need to include a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of 
the investment is affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are 
most evident.] 
 
 
PERFORMANCE OF RATE[S] OF EXCHANGE AND EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE 
OF INVESTMENT  
 
(i) [Description of the settlement procedure of the derivative securities] 
 
(ii) [Description of how any return on derivative securities takes place, the payment or 
delivery date and the way it is calculated] 
 
[If there is a derivative component in the interest or the Securities are derivative securities, 
need to include a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is 
affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident.] 
 
 
 
POST ISSUANCE INFORMATION 
 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be 
reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
 
[APPENDIX TO THE PRICING SUPPLEMENT] 
 
[Insert additional terms and conditions for Exempt Securities if needed.  Index Linked Interest Securities 
may include (without limitation) Securities linked to Constant Maturity Swap rates or Securities linked to a 
rate of inflation]

--- Page 102 ---
M-57468134-18 
102
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Securities which will be incorporated by 
reference into each Global Security (as defined below) and each definitive Security, in the latter case only 
if permitted by the relevant stock exchange (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at 
the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Security will have endorsed thereon or 
attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any 
Tranche of Exempt Securities may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the 
following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Exempt Securities. The applicable Final Terms in 
relation to any Tranche of Securities may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the 
following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Securities. The applicable Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Security and definitive 
Security. Reference should be made to "Final Terms for Securities" for a description of the content of Final 
Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Securities.  
 
THE SECURITIES (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS) ARE MORTGAGE COVERED 
SECURITIES ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ASSET COVERED SECURITIES ACT, 2001 OF 
IRELAND (AS AMENDED, THE ACT). THE ISSUER (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS) HAS BEEN REGISTERED BY THE CENTRAL BANK OF IRELAND AS A DESIGNATED 
MORTGAGE CREDIT INSTITUTION PURSUANT TO THE ACT. THE FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS OF 
THE ISSUER UNDER THE SECURITIES ARE SECURED ON THE COVER ASSETS THAT COMPRISE 
A COVER ASSETS POOL MAINTAINED BY THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ACT. 
 
This Security is one of a Series (as defined below) of mortgage covered securities issued by Bank 
of Ireland Mortgage Bank Unlimited Company (the Issuer) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined 
below). 
 
References herein to the Securities shall be references to the Securities of this Series and shall 
mean: 
 
(i) 
in relation to any Securities represented by a global Security (a Global Security), units of the 
lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in relation to the Securities); 
 
(ii) 
any Global Security; 
 
(iii) 
any definitive Securities in bearer form (Bearer Securities) issued in exchange for a Global 
Security in bearer form; and 
 
(iv) 
any definitive Securities in registered form (Registered Securities) (whether or not issued in 
exchange for a Global Security in registered form). 
 
The Securities and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated 
agency agreement (such agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time 
to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 16 December 2021 and made between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., 
London as issuing and principal paying agent, transfer agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying 
Agent, which expression shall include any successor) and Citibank Europe plc, Dublin as paying and 
transfer agent (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents, 
respectively, which expressions shall include any additional or successor paying and transfer agents) and 
Citibank, N.A., London as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include any successor). 
 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Securities have interest coupons (Coupons) and, if indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein 
to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to

--- Page 103 ---
M-57468134-18 
103
Talons or talons. Definitive Bearer Securities repayable in instalments have receipts (Receipts) for the 
payment of the instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Registered 
Securities and Global Securities do not have Coupons, Receipts or Talons attached on issue. 
 
The Final Terms for this Security (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
Final Terms attached to or endorsed on this Security and complete these Terms and Conditions and, in 
the case of a Security which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation (an Exempt Security), the final terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms 
and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Terms and 
Conditions, replace or modify the Terms and Conditions for the purposes of the Exempt Security. Any 
references in the Terms and Conditions to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a 
reference to “applicable Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
 
Any reference to Security holders or holders in relation to any Securities shall mean (in the 
case of Bearer Securities) the holders of the Securities and (in the case of Registered Securities) the 
persons in whose name the Securities are registered and shall, in relation to any Securities represented 
by a Global Security, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to Receiptholders shall 
mean the holders of Receipts. Any reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the 
Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
 
As used herein, Tranche means Securities which are identical in all respects (including as to 
listing) and Series means a Tranche of Securities together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Securities which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all 
respects (including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates 
and/or Issue Prices. 
 
The Security holders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the 
Deed of Covenant dated 19 October 2007 and made by the Issuer (the Deed of Covenant). The original 
of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary or, as the case may be, the common service 
provider, for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents and the Registrar (such Paying 
Agents and the Registrar being together referred to as the Agents). Copies of the applicable Final Terms 
are obtainable during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Agents save that, if this 
Security is an unlisted Security of any Series or an Exempt Security, the applicable Final Terms will only 
be obtainable by a Security holder holding one or more unlisted Securities or Exempt Securities of that 
Series and such Security holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent 
as to its holding of such Securities and identity. The Security holders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. 
The statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
 
As used herein, outstanding means in relation to the Securities all the Securities issued other 
than: 
 
(i) 
those Securities which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to these Terms and 
Conditions;

--- Page 104 ---
M-57468134-18 
104
 
(ii) 
those Securities in respect of which the date for redemption under these Terms and 
Conditions has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) 
accrued to the date for redemption and any interest (if any) payable under these Terms 
and Conditions after that date) have been duly paid to or to the order of the Principal 
Paying Agent in the manner provided in the Agency Agreement (and, where appropriate, 
notice to that effect has been given to the Security holders in accordance with these 
Terms and Conditions) and remain available for payment against presentation of the 
relevant Securities and/or Receipts and/or Coupons as applicable; 
 
(iii) 
those Securities which have been purchased and cancelled under these Terms and 
Conditions; 
 
(iv) 
those Securities which have become prescribed under these Terms and Conditions; 
 
(v) 
those mutilated or defaced Securities which have been surrendered and cancelled and in 
respect of which replacements have been issued pursuant to these Terms and 
Conditions; 
 
(vi) 
(for the purpose only of ascertaining the principal amount of the Securities outstanding 
and without prejudice to the status for any other purpose of the relevant Securities) those 
Securities which are alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of 
which replacements have been issued under these Terms and Conditions; 
 
(vii) 
a Temporary Global Security to the extent that it has been duly exchanged for the 
relevant Permanent Global Security and a Permanent Global Security to the extent that it 
has been exchanged for the definitive Bearer Securities in each case under its provisions; 
and 
 
(viii) 
any Registered Global Security to the extent that it has been exchanged for definitive 
Registered Securities and any definitive Registered Security to the extent that it has been 
exchanged for an interest in a Registered Global Security. 
 
1.  
Form, Denomination and Title 
 
The Securities are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and, in the case of definitive Securities, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and 
the Specified Denomination(s). Securities of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged 
for Securities of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Securities may not be exchanged for 
Registered Securities and vice versa. 
 
Interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Security will be exchangeable (free of charge), in 
whole but not in part, for definitive Securities in bearer form with, where applicable, receipts, 
interest coupons and talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Interests in a Registered Global Security will be 
exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Registered Securities without 
interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these 
purposes, Exchange Event means that the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor 
clearing system is available. 
 
In the case of a Security that is a Permanent Bearer Global Security, the Issuer will 
promptly give notice to holders of Securities in accordance with Condition 13 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities if an Exchange Event occurs and Euroclear and/or Clearstream,

--- Page 105 ---
M-57468134-18 
105
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer 
Global Security or the Issuer) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. 
Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
 
In the case of a Security that is a Registered Global Security, the Issuer will promptly 
give notice to holders of Securities in accordance with Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Securities if an Exchange Event occurs and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Security or the 
Issuer) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not 
later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
 
Where the Securities are initially issued as Global Securities which have a minimum 
Specified Denomination (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and are available in amounts 
above that minimum Specified Denomination (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) for 
trading in the Clearing Systems but those amounts are not integral multiples of that minimum 
Specified Denomination and those Securities are required to be exchanged into Securities in 
definitive form upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event, a holder of Securities who, as a result 
of holding such amounts holds on the relevant date for exchange a principal or nominal amount of 
Securities which is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination, shall not be 
entitled to receive a Security in definitive form in respect of the principal or nominal amount of 
Securities in excess of the principal or nominal amount equal to the nearest integral multiple of 
the minimum Specified Denomination held by that holder. 
 
A Security may be a Fixed Rate Security, a Floating Rate Security, a Zero Coupon 
Security or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms, and the appropriate provisions of these Terms and Conditions will apply 
accordingly. 
 
A Security may be an Instalment Security depending upon the Redemption/Payment 
Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
In addition, if the Security is an Exempt Security it may be an index linked interest 
security (an Index Linked Interest Security), a dual currency interest security (a Dual Currency 
Interest Security), a combination of any of the foregoing, or a security with another type of 
Interest Basis (including but not limited to, interest linked to constant maturity swap (CMS) rates 
or inflation), depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement, and 
the appropriate provisions of these Terms and Conditions will apply accordingly.  
 
If the Security is an Exempt Security, the Security may also be an index linked 
redemption security (an Index Linked Redemption Security), a dual currency redemption 
security (a Dual Currency Redemption Security), an Instalment Security, a Partly Paid Security, 
a combination of any of the foregoing, an Inverse Floating Rate Security, or a security with 
another type of Redemption/Payment Basis (including but not limited to, redemption linked to 
CMS rates or inflation), depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, and the appropriate provisions of these Terms and Conditions will apply 
accordingly.  
 
 
 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that an Extended Maturity Date applies to a 
Series of Securities, those Securities may be, (i) in respect of the period from the Issue Date to 
and including the Maturity Date, Fixed Rate Securities, Floating Rate Securities or Zero Coupon 
Securities or, in the case of Exempt Securities only, Index Linked Securities or Dual Currency 
Securities and (ii) in respect of the period from the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended 
Maturity Date, Fixed Rate Securities or Floating Rate Securities, subject as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 106 ---
M-57468134-18 
106
Definitive Bearer Securities are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero 
Coupon Securities and an Extended Maturity Date is not specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to the relevant Series of Securities, in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in 
these Terms and Conditions are not applicable. 
 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Securities, Receipts and Coupons will pass 
by delivery and title to the Registered Securities will pass upon registration of transfers in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer and any Agent will (except 
as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Security, Receipt or 
Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Security as the absolute owner thereof 
(whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice 
of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Security, 
without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
 
For so long as any of the Securities is represented by a Global Security held on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Securities (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal 
amount of such Securities standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes save in the case of manifest or proven error) shall be treated by the Issuer and 
the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Securities for all purposes other than 
with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Securities, for 
which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Security or the registered holder of the 
relevant Registered Global Security shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of 
such nominal amount of such Securities in accordance with and subject to the terms of the 
relevant Global Security and the expressions Security holder and holder of Securities and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
 
Securities which are represented by a Global Security will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or 
alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
2. 
Transfers of Registered Securities 
 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Securities 
 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Securities will be effected by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants 
and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial 
transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Security 
will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for 
Securities in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Security only 
in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with 
the rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency 
Agreement. 
 
 
Transfers of Registered Securities in definitive form 
 
Subject as provided in paragraphs (e) and (f) below, upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Security in definitive form may be 
transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final 
Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (i) the holder or holders must (A) surrender the

--- Page 107 ---
M-57468134-18 
107
Registered Security for registration of the transfer of the Registered Security (or the relevant part 
of the Registered Security) at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the 
form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof and the transferee or 
transferees thereof or, in either case, his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing 
and (B) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, as 
the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of 
title and the identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such 
reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial 
such regulations being set out in schedule 7 to the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided 
above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three 
business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city 
where the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is 
located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable 
fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and 
delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by 
uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Security in 
definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Security (or the relevant part 
of the Registered Security) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered 
Security in definitive form, a new Registered Security in definitive form in respect of the balance of 
the Registered Security not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the 
transferor) sent to the transferor. 
 
 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
 
In the event of a partial redemption of Securities under Condition 6, the Issuer shall not 
be required to register the transfer of any Registered Security, or part of a Registered Security, 
called for partial redemption. 
 
 
Costs of registration 
 
Security holders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than 
by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient 
to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the 
registration. 
 
 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Securities 
 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder 
of, or of a beneficial interest in, a Registered Global Security may not be made to a transferee in 
the United States or who is a US person. 
 
 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Securities generally 
 
Holders of Registered Securities in definitive form may exchange such Securities for 
interests in a Registered Global Security of the same type at any time. 
 
 
Definitions 
 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
 
Distribution Compliance Period means the period that ends 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of each Tranche of Securities, as certified by the relevant Dealer (in 
the case of a non-syndicated issue) or the relevant Lead Dealer (in the case of a syndicated 
issue);

--- Page 108 ---
M-57468134-18 
108
 
Registered Global Security means a Global Security in registered form representing 
Securities sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S; 
 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act; and 
 
Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
3. 
Status of the Securities 
 
The Securities and any related Coupons constitute the direct, unconditional and senior 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves. The Securities are mortgage 
covered securities issued in accordance with the Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 of Ireland, as 
amended (the Act), are secured on cover assets that comprise a cover assets pool maintained by 
the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Act, and rank pari passu with all other obligations 
of the Issuer under mortgage covered securities issued or to be issued by the Issuer pursuant to 
the Act. 
 
4. 
Interest 
 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities, 
Floating Rate Securities or Zero Coupon Securities or, in the case of Exempt Securities, whether 
a different interest basis applies. 
 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Securities 
 
Each Fixed Rate Security bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of 
Interest. Subject as provided in Condition 4(e), interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each 
Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date 
will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from 
(and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such 
interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to 
the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in 
accordance with this Condition 4(a): 
 
(i) if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
(i) 
in the case of Securities where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual Period) 
is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period 
ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number

--- Page 109 ---
M-57468134-18 
109
of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Securities where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
 
(1) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; and 
 
(2) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year;  
 
(ii) if 30/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis 
of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; and 
 
(iii) if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
relevant period divided by 365. 
 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the 
final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one 
cent. 
 
Yield for a particular issue of Fixed Rate Securities will be shown in the applicable Final Terms 
and represents the per cent. rate of return paid if the security is held to its maturity date. The yield 
calculation is based on the coupon rate, length of time to maturity, and market price. It assumes that 
coupon interest paid over the life of the Security is reinvested at the same rate. 
 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Securities 
 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
 
Each Floating Rate Security bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
 
(A) Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
 
(B) if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in 
these Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or

--- Page 110 ---
M-57468134-18 
110
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
4(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the 
case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and 
the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
 
In these Terms and Conditions:  
 
Business Day means a day which is both: 
 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Additional Business Centre(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(B)  
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than any Additional Business 
Centre(s) and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 system is open. 
 
TARGET2 system(TARGET2) means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer system. 
 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Securities will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
(A) ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Securities

--- Page 111 ---
M-57468134-18 
111
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be 
the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for 
that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating: 
 
(i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Securities; 
or 
 
(i) if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions. as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Securities,  
 
(the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based on the 
Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate (EURIBOR), the first day of that Interest Period or (ii) in 
any other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating 
Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in 
the ISDA Definitions. 
 
(B) Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Securities 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below (and subject to Condition 4(f), if applicable), be either: 
 
(1) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page); or 
 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as 
the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial Centre time) (the Specified Time) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or, where the 
applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified.  
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) or, as applicable, the relevant Calculation Agent of such offered 
quotations. 
 
 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (1) above applies, no

--- Page 112 ---
M-57468134-18 
112
such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph (2) above 
applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Principal Paying Agent will request the 
principal London office of each of the Reference Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent with 
its offered quotation (expressed as a per cent. rate per annum) for the making of a deposit in the 
Specified Currency for the period specified in the Reference Rate to leading banks in the London 
inter-bank market as at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with such 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such 
offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
 
If on any Interest Determination Date: 
 
(A) one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Principal Paying Agent with such 
offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) 
the Principal Paying Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, as at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any); or 
 
(B) fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with such offered 
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, which, as at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Principal Paying Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any); 
 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions (A) and (B) of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
 
(x)  that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or  
 
(y)  if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
applicable to such Securities on the Interest Commencement Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
 
The Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Securities is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 113 ---
M-57468134-18 
113
 
For the purposes of these provisions Reference Banks means, in the case of Condition 
4(b)(ii)(B)(1), those banks whose offered rates were used to determine such quotation when such 
quotation last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page and, in the case of Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(2) 
above, those banks whose offered quotations last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page when 
no fewer than three such offered quotations appeared. 
 
 
In the case of Exempt Securities, if the Reference Rate from time to time specified in 
respect of Floating Rate Securities is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being 
other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of the Securities will be determined as 
provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
 
The Principal Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period. 
 
The Principal Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest 
Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Securities in respect of each Specified Denomination for 
the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count 
Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. 
 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4(b): 
 
(A) 
if Actual/365 or Actual/Actual is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
 
(B) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
 
(C) if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360;

--- Page 114 ---
M-57468134-18 
114
(D) if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
 
where: 
 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
 
(E) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
 
 
where: 
 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30. 
 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=

--- Page 115 ---
M-57468134-18 
115
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an independent Adviser as soon as reasonably practicable with a view to such 
Independent Adviser determining such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate for the purposes of the calculation of the Rate of Interest. The 
Independent Adviser shall instruct the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable as to such 
rate. The Independent Adviser will consult with the Issuer with respect to such determination.  
  
If, notwithstanding the use of reasonable endeavours, the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, or if an Independent Adviser is appointed by the Issuer but fails to make 
any relevant determination specified to be made by it under this Condition 4(b)(v) prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Issuer itself (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) shall be entitled to determine the Rate of Interest.   
  
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(v) shall act in good 
faith and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) neither the Issuer nor any Independent Adviser 
shall have any liability whatsoever to the Agents or the holders of any Securities, Receipts or  
Coupons for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(v. 
 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
 
The Principal Paying Agent, or where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation 
Agent for this purpose, the Calculation Agent so specified will cause the Rate of Interest and each 
Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to 
the Issuer and any competent listing authority or stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Securities are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each competent listing authority or stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Securities are for the time being listed and to the 
Security holders in accordance with Condition 13. For the purposes of this paragraph, the 
expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
4(b), by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) shall (in the absence of 
wilful default, bad faith or manifest or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying 
Agent, any Calculation Agent, the other Agents and all Security holders and Couponholders and 
(in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Security holders or the Couponholders 
shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or any Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.

--- Page 116 ---
M-57468134-18 
116
 
 
Exempt Securities 
 
 
In the case of Exempt Securities which are also Floating Rate Securities where the 
applicable Pricing Supplement identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation 
of interest, if the Reference Rate from time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Exempt 
Securities will be determined as provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Securities which are not also 
Fixed Rate Securities or Floating Rate Securities shall be determined in the manner specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, provided that where such Securities are Index Linked Interest 
Securities the provisions of Condition 4(b) shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, apply as if the references therein to Floating Rate Securities and to the 
Agent were references to Index Linked Interest Securities and the Calculation Agent, respectively, 
and provided further that the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same.  
 
 
In the case of Partly Paid Securities (other than Partly Paid Securities which are Zero 
Coupon Securities), interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such 
Securities and otherwise as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
 
 
Accrual of interest 
 
Subject as provided in Condition 4(b), each Security (or in the case of the redemption of 
part only of a Security, that part only of such Security) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the 
date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
 
(i) the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Security have been paid; and 
 
(ii) five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Security has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Security holders in accordance with Condition 13. 
 
 
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of the 
Securities up to the Extended Maturity Date 
 
(i) If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of 
Securities and the maturity of those Securities is extended beyond the Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 6(i), the Securities shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on 
which the Securities are redeemed in full or the Extended Maturity Date, subject to Condition 4(d). 
In that event, interest shall be payable on those Securities at the rate determined in accordance 
with Condition 4(e)(ii) on the principal amount outstanding of the Securities in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date in each month after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period 
ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, subject as otherwise provided in 
the applicable Final Terms. The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended 
Maturity Date. 
 
(ii) If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of 
Securities and the maturity of those Securities is extended beyond the Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 6(i), the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the 
principal amount outstanding of the Securities on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity 
Date in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the

--- Page 117 ---
M-57468134-18 
117
Principal Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent so specified, two Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first 
such Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
(iii) In the case of Securities which are Zero Coupon Securities up to (and including) the Maturity Date 
and for which an Extended Maturity Date is specified under the applicable Final Terms, for the 
purposes of this Condition 4(e) the principal amount outstanding shall be the total amount 
otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in 
respect of such amount in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. 
 
(iv) This Condition 4(e) shall only apply to Securities to which an Extended Maturity Date is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer fails to redeem those Securities (in full) on the 
Maturity Date (or within two Business Days thereafter) and the maturity of those Securities is 
automatically extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 6(i). 
 
 
Benchmark Discontinuation  
 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 4(b) or 4(c), if a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate when any required Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions of this Condition 4(f) shall apply:  
 
(i) Independent Adviser  
 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to such Independent Adviser determining a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(f)(ii)) 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 4(f)(iii)) 
and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4(f)(iv)). 
 
 
 
 The Independent Adviser will consult with the Issuer with respect to all determinations to 
be made by it pursuant to this Condition 4(f).  
 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(f) shall act in good faith 
and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Agents 
or the Security holders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 4(f).  
 
If, notwithstanding the use of reasonable endeavours, the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, or if an Independent Adviser is appointed by the Issuer but fails to 
make any relevant determination specified to be made by it under this Condition 4(f) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Issuer itself (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) will make the relevant determination(s) (which may, for 
the avoidance of doubt, include the determination of a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(f)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread (if any) (in accordance with Condition 4(f)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments 
(in accordance with Condition 4(f)(iv)). In such case, remaining references in this 
Condition 4(f) to determinations made, or to be made, by the Independent Adviser shall 
be construed accordingly. 
 
(ii) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate  
 
If the Independent Adviser determines that:  
 
(A) there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 4(f)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant

--- Page 118 ---
M-57468134-18 
118
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the 
Securities (subject to the further operation of this Condition 4(f)); or  
 
(B) there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4(f)(iii)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Securities (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 4(f)). 
 
(iii) Adjustment Spread  
 
If the Independent Adviser determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or 
a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable).  
 
(iv) Benchmark Amendments  
 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 4(f) and the Independent Adviser determines (A) that 
amendments to these Terms and Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (B) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with condition 4(f)(v), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Security holders, vary these Terms and Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice.  
 
 
 
 Security holders shall, by virtue of holding any Security or any beneficial interest therein, 
be deemed to accept the variation of the terms of the Securities and to grant the Issuer 
full power and authority to take any action and/or execute and deliver any document 
which is necessary or convenient to give effect to the Benchmark Amendments.  
 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(f)(iv), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Securities are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading.  
 
(v) Notices, etc.  
 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4(f) will be notified promptly 
by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 13, the Security holders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
 
No later than notifying the Paying Agents of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
 
(A) confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the Successor Rate or, 
as the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (z) where applicable, any 
Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendment, in

--- Page 119 ---
M-57468134-18 
119
each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(f);  
 
(B) certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread; 
and  
 
(C) certifying that (x) each of the matters above has been determined by the 
Independent Adviser or, if that is not the case, (y) explaining, in reasonable 
detail, why such determinations have not been made by the Independent 
Adviser.  
 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any)) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Security holders.  
 
(vi) Survival of Original Reference Rate  
 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 4(f)(i) to 4(f)(iv),  the 
Original Reference Rate and the fall-back provisions provided for in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B) 
will continue to apply unless and until the Principal Paying Agent has been notified of the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment 
Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 4(f)(v).  
 
(vii) Definitions  
 
In these Terms and Conditions:  
 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
 
(A) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
 
(B) in the case of an Alternative Rate (or, in the case of a Successor Rate where (A) 
above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the case may 
be, the Successor Rate); or  
 
(C) if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the 
Independent Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula or 
methodology in customary market usage, the Independent Adviser determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be).   
 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 4(f)(ii)(B) has replaced the Original

--- Page 120 ---
M-57468134-18 
120
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for 
the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for 
a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Securities.  
 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:  
 
(A) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published for a period of at 
least 5 Business Days; or  
 
(B) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in 
(B)(i); or  
 
(C) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued; or  
 
(D) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, 
by a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date 
falling six months prior to the date specified in (D)(i); or  
 
(E) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used, 
is no longer representative, or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case within the following six months; or  
 
(F) it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for any 
Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any Security 
holder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable).  
 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense under Condition 4(b)(v) or 4(f)(i). 
 
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) on the Securities (provided that if, following one or more 
Benchmark Events, such originally specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term "Original Reference Rate" shall be deemed to 
include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate). 
 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
 
(A) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or

--- Page 121 ---
M-57468134-18 
121
(B) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof. 
 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.  
 
5. 
Payments 
 
(a) 
Method of payment 
 
Subject as provided below: 
 
(i) payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-
resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the option 
of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); 
 
(ii) payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque; and 
 
(iii) payments in US dollars will be made by a transfer to a US dollar account maintained by the payee 
with a bank outside the United States (which expression as used in this Condition 5, means the 
United States of America including the States, and District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction) or by cheque drawn on a US bank. In no 
event will payment be made by a cheque mailed to an address in the United States. All payments 
of interest will be made to accounts outside the United States except as may be permitted by 
United States tax law in effect at the time of such payment without detriment to the Issuer. 
 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7. 
 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Securities and Coupons 
 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Securities will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer 
Securities, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Securities will (subject as 
provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States). 
 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Bearer Securities, 
other than the final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in 
paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of 
any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. 
Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the relevant Bearer Security in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each

--- Page 122 ---
M-57468134-18 
122
Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive 
Bearer Security to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Bearer Security 
to which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which 
any definitive Bearer Security becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating 
thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect 
thereof. 
 
Fixed Rate Securities in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Securities (as 
defined below)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued 
on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, 
in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due 
for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above 
against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 12 years after 
the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) in respect of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8). 
 
Upon the date on which any Fixed Rate Security in definitive bearer form becomes due 
and repayable, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Security or Long Maturity Security in definitive 
bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange 
for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Security is a Fixed Rate 
Security (other than a Fixed Rate Security which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal 
amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Security 
shall cease to be a Long Maturity Security on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate 
amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such 
Security. 
 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Security is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Security from (and including) the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be 
payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Security. 
 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Securities 
 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Securities represented by any 
Global Security in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified 
above in relation to definitive Bearer Securities and otherwise in the manner specified in the 
relevant Global Security against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global 
Security at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. 
 
On the occasion of each payment: 
 
(i) in the case of any Global Security in bearer form which is not issued in new global note (NGN) 
form (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), a record of such payment made against 
presentation or surrender of such Global Security in bearer form, distinguishing between any 
payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Security by the 
Paying Agent to which it was presented and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the 
payment in question has been made; and 
 
(ii) in the case of any Global Security in bearer form which is issued in NGN form (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), the Principal Paying Agent shall instruct Euroclear and Clearstream,

--- Page 123 ---
M-57468134-18 
123
Luxembourg to make appropriate entries in their records to reflect such payment. 
 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Registered Securities 
 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Security will be made against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
Registered Security at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such 
payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or 
the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Security appearing in the register of holders of 
the Registered Securities maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (x) in the case of a 
Registered Global Security, as at the close of the business day (in the ICSDs) prior to the relevant 
due date or (y) in the case of a Registered Security in definitive form, at the close of business on 
the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the 
city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) prior to the relevant due date. 
Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not have a Designated Account or (ii) 
the principal amount of the Securities held by a holder is less than €250,000 (or its approximate 
equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the 
Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, 
Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a 
non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by a holder with a 
Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the 
case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre 
of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in 
euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Security will be made by transfer to 
the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered 
Security appearing in the Register (x) in the case of a Registered Global Security, as at the close 
of the business day (in the ICSDs) prior to the relevant due date or (y) in the case of a Registered 
Security in definitive form, on the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such 
fifteenth day is a business day) prior to the relevant due date (in each case, the Record Date) at 
his address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at his risk. Payment of the interest due 
in respect of each Registered Security on redemption will be made in the same manner as 
payment of the principal amount of such Registered Security. 
 
Holders of Registered Securities will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for 
any delay in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Security as a result of a 
cheque posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being 
lost in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in 
respect of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Securities. 
 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Securities or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial ownership interests. 
 
(e) 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Securities 
 
 Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Securities, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 5(a) 
above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of 
the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in Condition 5(a) above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
relevant Security in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented

--- Page 124 ---
M-57468134-18 
124
for payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive Security to which it appertains. 
Receipts presented without the definitive Security to which they appertain do not constitute valid 
obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any definitive Security becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
 
 Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Security or Index Linked Security in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof.  
 
(f) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
 
The holder of a Global Security shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in 
respect of Securities represented by such Global Security and the Issuer will be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Security in respect of each amount so 
paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Securities represented by such Global Security 
must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the case may be, for his share of 
each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Security. 
 
 
Payment Day 
 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Security or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in 
the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
 
(A) 
in the case only of Securities in definitive form, the relevant place of presentation; 
or 
 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the 
place of presentation and any Additional Financial Centre and which if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 system is open. 
 
 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Securities 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
 
(i) the Final Redemption Amount (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the Securities; 
 
(ii) the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the 
Securities; 
 
(iii) in relation to Securities and Exempt Securities redeemable in instalments, the Instalment

--- Page 125 ---
M-57468134-18 
125
Amounts (as specified in the applicable Final Terms); and 
 
(iv) any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Securities. 
 
 
Payments on Registered Securities in definitive form 
 
In respect of payments on Registered Securities in definitive form, whether made or 
falling due before or during any insolvency or composition proceedings to which the Issuer may 
be subject, the Issuer, to the extent permitted by applicable law and if Condition 5(i) is specified to 
apply in the applicable Final Terms, hereby waives any right of set-off to which it may be entitled 
as well as the exercise of any pledge, right of retention or other rights through which the claims of 
the Security holder could be prejudiced to the extent that such rights belong to the guaranteed 
assets (Sicherungsvermögen) within the meaning of §  125 of the German Act Concerning the 
Supervision of Insurance Companies of 01 April 2015 (as amended) (Gesetz über die 
Beaufsichtigung der Versicherungsunternehmen – the VAG) and/or to assets which are subject to 
the investment principles set out in [sect] 124 and/or [sect] 215 (also in connection with [sect] 219 
or [sect] 234, as applicable) of the VAG and/or to assets which are subject to the German 
Regulation Concerning the Investment of the Restricted Assets of Pension Funds, Burial Funds 
and Small Insurance Companies (Verordnung über die Anlage des Sicherungsvermögens von 
Pensionskassen, Sterbekassen und kleinen Versicherungsunternehmen) of 18 April 2016 (as 
amended) 
or 
belong 
to 
funds 
covering 
debt 
securities 
(Deckungsmasse 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen) established pursuant to German law. 
 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
 
 
 Redemption at maturity 
 
Subject to Condition 6(i), unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled or 
extended as specified below, each Security will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final 
Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final 
Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
 
 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
 
(i) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Security holders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and 
 
(ii) not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered Securities, the Registrar; 
 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, all or some only of the Securities then 
outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any 
such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount 
and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Securities, the Securities to be 
redeemed (Redeemed Securities) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed 
Securities represented by definitive Securities, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), in the 
case of Redeemed Securities represented by a Global Security, not more than 30 days prior to

--- Page 126 ---
M-57468134-18 
126
the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date). 
In the case of Redeemed Securities represented by definitive Securities, a list of the serial 
numbers of such Redeemed Securities will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less 
than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed 
Securities represented by definitive Securities shall bear the same proportion to the aggregate 
nominal amount of all Redeemed Securities as the aggregate nominal amount of definitive 
Securities outstanding bears to the aggregate nominal amount of the Securities outstanding, in 
each case on the Selection Date, provided that, such first mentioned nominal amount shall, if 
necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest integral multiple of the Specified Denomination 
and the aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Securities represented by a Global Security 
shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed Securities. No exchange of the relevant Global 
Security will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and 
including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this paragraph (c) and notice to that effect 
shall be given by the Issuer to the Security holders in accordance with Condition 13 at least five 
days prior to the Selection Date. 
 
 
Redemption at the option of the Security holders (Investor Put) 
 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Security 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' 
notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, 
the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Security on the Optional Redemption Date 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount as specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, 
the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date. Registered Securities may be redeemed under this Condition 6(c) in 
any multiple of their lowest Specified Denomination. 
 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Security the holder of this Security 
must deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Securities) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities) at any time during normal business hours of such 
Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly 
completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from 
any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) and 
in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by 
cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of 
Registered Securities, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full 
nominal amount of the Registered Securities so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to 
which a new Registered Security in respect of the balance of such Registered Securities is to be 
sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2(b). If this Security is in 
definitive form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Security or evidence satisfactory to 
the Paying Agent concerned that this Security will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to 
its order or under its control. If this Security is represented by a Global Security or is in definitive 
form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require 
redemption of this Security the holder of this Security must, within the notice period, give notice to 
the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction 
by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or, as the case may be, the 
common service provider, for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if this Security is 
represented by a Global Security, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the 
relevant Global Security to the Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Security pursuant to this paragraph shall be 
irrevocable. 
 
 
Instalments

--- Page 127 ---
M-57468134-18 
127
 
Instalment Securities will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment 
Dates (each as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement). 
 
 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Securities 
 
 The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of Index Linked Redemption Securities and Dual Currency Redemption 
Securities may be specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. Index Linked Interest Securities and Dual Currency Interest Securities may be 
redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date. 
 
 Partly Paid Securities will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
 
Purchases 
 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Securities (provided that, in the case of definitive 
Securities, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Securities may be held, reissued, 
resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for 
cancellation. 
 
 
Cancellation 
 
All Securities which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Coupons, Receipts and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption). All Securities so cancelled and any Securities purchased and surrendered for 
cancellation pursuant to paragraph (e) above (together with all unmatured Coupons, Receipts and 
Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be 
reissued or resold. 
 
 
Late payment and Early Redemption Amount on Zero Coupon Securities  
 
The Early Redemption Amount of a Zero Coupon Security, and, if the amount payable in 
respect of any Zero Coupon Security, upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Security pursuant to 
paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable 
in respect of such Zero Coupon Security, shall be the amount calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
RP x (1 + AY) y 
 
where: 
 
RP means the Reference Price; and 
 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
 
y is a fraction, the denominator of which is 360 and the numerator of which is equal to 
the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days 
each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the "Securities-to (but excluding) 
the date which is the earlier of: 
 
(i) the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Security have been paid; and 
 
(ii) five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero

--- Page 128 ---
M-57468134-18 
128
Coupon Securities has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and notice to 
that effect has been given to the Security holders in accordance with Condition 13. 
 
 
Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date 
 
(i) An Extended Maturity Date shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to each 
Series of Securities unless the rating agencies appointed at the relevant time by the Issuer to 
provide credit ratings in respect of the relevant Series of Securities agree that an Extended 
Maturity Date will not apply to such Series of Securities. 
 
(ii) If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of 
Securities and the Issuer fails to redeem all of those Securities in full on the Maturity Date or 
within two Business Days thereafter, the maturity of the Securities and the date on which such 
Securities will be due and repayable for the purposes of the Conditions will be automatically 
extended up to but no later than the Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided for in 
the applicable Final Terms. In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Securities on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the 
Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date or as otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Issuer shall give to the Security holders (in accordance with 
Condition 13), the Principal Paying Agent and the other Paying Agents, notice of its intention to 
redeem all or any of the principal amount outstanding of the Securities in full at least five 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as applicable, the Extended 
Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify such persons shall not affect the validity or 
effectiveness of any redemption by the Issuer on the relevant Interest Payment Date or as 
applicable, the Extended Maturity Date or give rise to rights in any such person. 
 
(iii) In the case of Securities which are Zero Coupon Securities up to (and including) the Maturity Date 
to which an Extended Maturity Date is specified under the applicable Final Terms, for the 
purposes of this Condition 6(i) the principal amount outstanding shall be the total amount 
otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in 
respect of such amount in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. 
 
(iv) Any extension of the maturity of Securities under this Condition 6(i) shall be irrevocable. Where 
this Condition 6(i) applies, any failure to redeem the Securities on the Maturity Date or any 
extension of the maturity of Securities under this Condition 6(i) shall not constitute an event of 
default for any purpose or give any Security holder any right to receive any payment of interest, 
principal or otherwise on the relevant Securities other than as expressly set out in these Terms 
and Conditions. 
 
(v) In the event of the extension of the maturity of Securities under this Condition 6(i), interest rates, 
interest periods and interest payment dates on the Securities from (and including) the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date shall be determined and made in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms and Condition 4. 
 
(vi) If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of Securities on an 
Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds shall 
be applied rateably across the Securities and the principal amount outstanding on the Securities 
shall be reduced by the level of that redemption. 
 
(vii) If the maturity of any Securities is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with 
this Condition 6(i), subject to as otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms, for so long 
as any of those Securities remains in issue, the Issuer shall not issue any further mortgage 
covered securities, unless the proceeds of an issue of such further mortgage covered securities 
are applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming in whole or in part the relevant Securities in 
accordance with the terms hereof. 
 
(viii) 
This Condition 6(i) shall only apply to Securities to which an Extended Maturity Date is

--- Page 129 ---
M-57468134-18 
129
specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer fails to redeem those Securities in full on 
the Maturity Date (or within two Business Days thereafter); 
 
7. 
Taxation 
 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Securities, Receipts and Coupons 
shall be made by or on behalf of the Issuer without deduction or withholding for or on account of 
any present or future taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied by or on behalf of any 
jurisdiction, unless the Issuer shall be obligated by law to make such deduction or withholding. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent will be obliged to make any additional payments in 
respect of any such withholding or deduction imposed. 
 
8. 
Prescription 
 
To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Bearer Securities, Receipts and Coupons 
will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 12 years from the Relevant 
Date in respect thereof and claims in respect of Registered Securities shall become prescribed 
unless made within a period of 12 years from the Relevant Date in respect thereof. Any monies 
paid by the Issuer to the Registrar or a Paying Agent, as the case may be, for the payment of 
principal or interest with respect to the Securities and remaining unclaimed when the Securities, 
Receipts or Coupons become void or claims in respect thereof become prescribed, as the case 
may be, shall be paid to the Issuer and all liability of the Issuer with respect thereto shall 
thereupon cease. As used in these Terms and Conditions, Relevant Date means the date on 
which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has 
not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or 
prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been 
so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Security holders in accordance with Condition 
13. 
 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any 
Coupon which would be void, or the claim for payment in respect of which would be prescribed, 
pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5(b) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to 
Condition 5(b). 
 
9. 
Replacement of Securities, Coupons and Talons 
 
Should any Security, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Securities, Receipts, Coupons or Talons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Securities) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Securities, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
 
10. 
Agents 
 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Agent acts, provided that: 
 
(i) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; and  
 
(ii) 
so long as the Securities are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Securities) and a Transfer Agent (in the case of

--- Page 130 ---
M-57468134-18 
130
Registered Securities) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the 
rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange (or any other relevant authority).  
 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the 
case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 
days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Security holders in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
 
 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and 
do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Security holders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any 
entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it 
transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
 
11. 
Overcollateralisation/Prudent Market Discount 
 
 
Maintenance of Overcollateralisation 
 
For so long as the Securities are outstanding, the prudent market value (determined in 
accordance with the Act) of the cover assets pool maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the 
terms of the Act will not at any time be less than the then applicable Minimum 
Overcollateralisation Level. 
 
 
Minimum Pool Overcollateralisation Level 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 11, the applicable Minimum Overcollateralisation 
Level at any time shall be an amount equal to the Overcollateralisation Per cent. of the total 
aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Securities issued under the Programme. 
 
 
Overcollateralisation Percentage 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 11, the Overcollateralisation Percentage means 
105.00 per cent. or such other percentage as may be selected by the Issuer from time to time and 
notified to the Issuer's Monitor and the Security holders (in the case of the latter, in accordance 
with Condition 13) provided that: 
 
(i) the Overcollateralisation Percentage shall not, for so long as the Securities are outstanding, be 
reduced by the Issuer below 105.00 per cent.; and 
 
(ii) without prejudice to (i), the Issuer shall not at any time reduce the then Overcollateralisation 
Percentage which applies for the purposes of this Condition 11 if to do so would result in any 
credit rating then applying to the Securities by any credit rating agency appointed by the Issuer in 
respect of the Securities being reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch. 
 
 
Prudent Market Discount 
 
For the purposes of the Asset Covered Securities Act, 2001 Regulatory Notice sections 
41(1) and 41A(7)) 2011 and the Asset Covered Securities Act, 2001 section 61(1), 61(2), 61(3) 
[Prudent Market Discount] Regulation 2004 (as either of them may be amended or replaced from 
time to time), the Prudent Market Discount applicable to the Issuer in the case of valuations within 
the scope of the above mentioned regulatory notice and regulation is 0.150 or such other figure 
as may be selected by the Issuer from time to time and notified to the Issuer's cover-assets 
monitor and the Security holders (in the case of the latter in accordance with Condition 13) 
provided that: 
 
(i) such Prudent Market Discount shall not for so long as the Securities are outstanding be reduced

--- Page 131 ---
M-57468134-18 
131
by the Issuer below 0.150; and 
 
(ii) without prejudice to (i) above, the Issuer shall not at any time reduce the then such Prudent 
Market Discount which applies for the purposes of this Condition 11 if to do so would result in any 
credit rating then applying to the Securities by any credit rating agency appointed by the Issuer in 
respect of the Securities being reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch. 
 
12. 
Exchange of Talons 
 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any 
Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered 
at the specified office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the 
payment of interest due in respect of the Security to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject 
to the provisions of Condition 8. 
 
 
13. 
Notices 
 
All notices regarding the Bearer Securities will be deemed to be validly given if filed with 
the Companies Announcements Office of Euronext Dublin. Any such notice will be deemed to 
have been given on the date of the first publication. 
 
All notices regarding the Registered Securities will be deemed to be validly given if sent 
by first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first 
named of joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed 
to have been given on the second day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered 
Securities are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock exchange (or any other 
relevant authority) so require, such notice will be published in a form required by those rules. 
 
 
 
Until such time as any definitive Securities are issued, there may, so long as any Global 
Securities representing the Securities are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them 
to the holders of the Securities and, in addition, for so long as any Securities are listed on a stock 
exchange and the rules of that stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) so require, such 
notice will be published in a form required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the holders of the Securities on the seventh day after the day on which the 
said notice was given to Euroclear and/ or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
Notices to be given by any Security holder shall be in writing and given by lodging the 
same, together (in the case of any Security in definitive form) with the relative Security or 
Securities, with the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Securities) or the Registrar (in 
the case of Registered Securities). Whilst any of the Securities are represented by a Global 
Security, such notice may be given by any holder of a Security to the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such 
manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
 
14. 
Further Issues 
 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Security 
holders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further mortgage covered 
securities in accordance with the Act having terms and conditions the same as the Securities or 
the same in all respects save for the Issue Date, nominal amount, Interest Commencement Date, 
date of the first payment of interest thereon and/or Issue Price, and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Securities.

--- Page 132 ---
M-57468134-18 
132
 
15. 
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Partial Invalidity 
 
 
Governing Law 
 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Securities, the Receipts and the 
Coupons, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are 
governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Ireland. 
 
 
Jurisdiction 
 
Any action or other legal proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Securities 
shall be brought in the High Court of Ireland and the Issuer hereby submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of such court. 
 
 
Partial Invalidity 
 
Should any provision hereof be or become illegal, invalid, void, unenforceable or 
inoperable in whole or in part, the other provisions shall remain in force.

--- Page 133 ---
M-57468134-18 
133
Use of Proceeds 
 
The Issuer expects to use the net proceeds from the issue of Securities to support the business of 
the Issuer permitted by the ACS Acts (See Risk Factors and Restrictions on the Activities of an Institution).  
 
Sustainable Securities 
 
Securities may be issued as Sustainable Securities and the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement will indicate if the Securities are intended to constitute Sustainable Securities. 
 
The Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from any issue of Sustainable 
Securities to advance loans to the Group's customers on a targeted basis for the purposes of the financing 
and/or refinancing by such customers of Eligible Sustainable Projects, in line with any framework the 
Group may publish from time to time.  See the risk factor entitled “In respect of any Securities issued as 
Sustainable Securities, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the 
investment criteria of an investor” above. 
 
Green Bond Framework 
 
The Group has developed a Green Bond Framework (as the same may be amended or replaced 
from time to time, the Green Bond Framework) as part of its commitment to supporting a transition to a 
low carbon, climate resilient economy.  
 
The current version of the Green Bond Framework as at the date of this Base Prospectus can be 
viewed 
at: 
https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/app/uploads/Green-Bond-Framework-March-
2021.pdf. 
 
In connection with the Green Bond Framework, the Group has appointed a sustainability 
specialist, Sustainalytics UK Limited, to issue an opinion confirming that the Green Bond Framework 
aligns with the International Capital Market Association’s Green Bond Principles (as the same may be 
amended or replaced from time to time) (the Second Party Opinion). 
 
The current version of the Second Party Opinion as at the date of this Base Prospectus can be 
viewed 
at: 
https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/app/uploads/Bank-of-Ireland-Green-Bond-
Framework-Second-Party-Opinion-March-2021.pdf.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green Bond Framework nor the Second Party Opinion 
are, nor shall either of them be deemed to be, incorporated in, and/or form part of, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 134 ---
M-57468134-18 
134
Description of the Issuer and the Group 
 
The Issuer 
 
Bank of Ireland Mortgage Bank Unlimited Company 
 
The Issuer was duly incorporated in Ireland on 21 May 2004 as a public limited company under 
the name Bank of Ireland Mortgage Bank Public Limited Company. It was subsequently re-registered as a 
public unlimited company under the name Bank of Ireland Mortgage Bank on 23 June 2004. The Issuer on 
19 February 2016 adopted a new constitution in accordance with the Companies Act.  The Issuer obtained 
an Irish banking licence under the Irish Central Bank Act, 1971 (as amended) and was registered as a 
designated mortgage credit institution under the 2001 Act on 1 July 2004. Effective 5 November 2021, the 
name of the Issuer was changed to Bank of Ireland Mortgage Bank Unlimited Company. The Issuer is a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of Bank of Ireland. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is operating in 
accordance with its constitution. 
 
The Issuer's purpose is to carry on the permitted activities of a designated mortgage credit 
institution as provided for in the ACS Acts, including issuing Mortgage Covered Securities for the purpose 
of financing loans secured on residential property or commercial property in accordance with the ACS 
Acts. Such loans may be made directly by the Issuer or may be purchased from Bank of Ireland and other 
members of the Group or third parties. Under the ACS Acts, the Issuer may also hold (and issue Mortgage 
Covered Securities secured on) RMBS or CMBS. The Issuer does not hold RMBS or CMBS and has no 
current plans to do so. The Issuer's registered office is located at 40 Mespil Road, Dublin 4, Ireland. The 
Issuer's principal place of business is located at Baggot Plaza, 27-33 Upper Baggot Street, Dublin 4, 
Ireland. The telephone number of the Issuer is +353 1 611 3333. 
 
The authorised share capital of the Issuer is €1,000,000,000 consisting of 1,000,000,000 ordinary 
shares of €1 each of which 488,375,000 ordinary shares of €1 each have been issued and are fully paid 
up as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Issuer Credit Rating 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's covered bond ratings is Aa1 stable from 
Moody's. 
 
Bank of Ireland and Group Credit Rating 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, long-term / short-term senior unsecured credit ratings 
for  BOIG plc were: BBB- (Negative) / A-3 from S&P; Baa1 (Stable) from Moody's; and BBB (Stable) / F2 
from Fitch; and long-term / short-term senior unsecured credit ratings for Bank of Ireland were: A- 
(Negative) / A-2 from S&P; A2 (Stable) / Prime-1 from Moody’s; and BBB+ (Stable) / F2 from Fitch. 
. 
Ownership/Control 
 
The Issuer is a 100 per cent. owned subsidiary and as such is under the control of Bank of 
Ireland. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the lssuer is not aware of any arrangement the operation of 
which may at a date subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus result in a change in control of the 
Issuer.  The Issuer does not have any subsidiaries.  
 
The formal governance framework currently in place for the Issuer includes measures which have 
been put in place to ensure that Bank of Ireland's control of the Issuer is not abused. In addition, the 
Issuer and Bank of Ireland are both regulated and supervised by the Central Bank under the Irish Banking 
Code (see General Supervision and Regulation of Banks in Ireland). The Central Bank’s Corporate 
Governance Code for Credit Institutions (as amended) applies to existing directors and boards of credit 
institutions (including the Issuer) with effect from 11 January 2016. It includes provisions on the 
membership of the board of directors, the role and responsibilities of the chairman and other directors and

--- Page 135 ---
M-57468134-18 
135
the operation of various board committees. Additionally, the Issuer and Bank of Ireland are both subject to 
the EBA Guidelines on Internal Governance which reinforces the responsibility of the management body 
for sound governance arrangements. 
 
In addition, three of the Issuer's directors are not at the date of this Base Prospectus employees 
of any member of the Group although one such director was formerly an employee of a Group member 
(see Board of Directors and Management and Administration of the Issuer). 
 
Unlimited Liability Status of the Issuer 
 
The Issuer is an unlimited company. There is no limit on the liability of the members for the time 
being (the registered shareholders of record) of the Issuer (as an unlimited company under Irish law) to 
contribute to the Issuer in an insolvent liquidation of the Issuer to the extent that the Issuer's assets are 
insufficient to meet its liabilities. In that event, the liquidator of the Issuer or the court has the right to seek 
contribution from each of the members. Bank of Ireland is a member of the Issuer. The Issuer's unlimited 
status does not confer on the creditors of the Issuer the right to seek payment of the Issuer's liabilities 
from the Issuer's members or to seek contribution for the Issuer from the members in the event of the 
Issuer becoming insolvent or otherwise. This right rests with the liquidator of the Issuer or the court on an 
insolvent winding-up.  Bank of Ireland is not guarantor of, or otherwise liable for, the Securities. See 
further Insolvency of Institutions — Consequences of Issuer's Status as an Unlimited Company. 
 
Financial Year of the Issuer 
 
The financial year end of the Issuer is 31 December. 
 
Business of the Issuer 
 
The Issuer is an Institution, whose business activities are restricted to dealing in and holding 
mortgage credit assets, which under the ACS Acts include certain RMBS or CMBS, and limited classes of 
other assets, engaging in activities connected with the financing and refinancing of such assets, entering 
into certain hedging contracts and engaging in other activities which are incidental or ancillary to the 
above activities. However, the Issuer will not include in the Pool in any circumstance any asset-backed 
securities which do not satisfy the ECB eligibility criteria for covered bonds as set out in Article 80 of the 
Guideline on the implementation of the Eurosystem monetary policy framework (recast) (ECB/2014/60) as 
amended. The objects of the Issuer are set out in paragraph 3 of its Memorandum of Association which 
forms part of its constitutive documents. See Restrictions on the Activities of an Institution — Permitted 
business activities in which an Institution may engage. 
 
Transfer of Bank of Ireland's Irish Residential Loan Book and Business to the Issuer 
 
On 5 July 2004, Bank of Ireland transferred substantially all of the Irish residential loans and 
related securities held by it and of its Irish residential loan business to the Issuer. The aggregate principal 
amount outstanding of and accrued but unpaid interest on the Irish residential loans transferred by Bank of 
Ireland to the Issuer on 5 July 2004 was €9.1 billion. The transfer was effected pursuant to a statutory 
transfer mechanism provided for in the 2001 Act. This statutory mechanism involved the putting in place of 
a scheme in accordance with the 2001 Act between Bank of Ireland and the Issuer on 2 July 2004 which 
permits the transfer of Irish residential loans and related security and/or Irish residential loan business 
between Bank of Ireland and the Issuer. Transfers under that scheme were approved on 2 July 2004 by order 
of the Irish Financial Services Regulatory Authority (IFSRA, the responsible authority at the time) as required by 
the ACS Acts. The scheme permits further transfers from Bank of Ireland to the Issuer or from the Issuer to 
Bank of Ireland in the future. On 6 February 2006 in accordance with the scheme, the Issuer transferred to 
Bank of Ireland certain Irish residential loans (including the mortgages and other securities for those loans) 
pursuant to section 58 of the 2001 Act and with the approval of IFSRA (as the competent authority at that date). 
The aggregate principal amount of loans re-transferred from the Issuer to Bank of Ireland amounted to 
approximately 2 per cent. of the Issuer's then total loan book of approximately €13 billion.

--- Page 136 ---
M-57468134-18 
136
Irish Housing / Residential Loan Market 
 
The Irish Residential Property Price index is showing an overall increase of 10.9% in the year to 
August 2021. For Dublin, residential property prices saw an increase of 10.2%, with house prices increasing by 
11.3%, while apartments increased by 5.7%. The highest house price growth in Dublin was in South Dublin at 
12.6%, while Fingal saw a rise of 8.3%. Nationally, excluding Dublin, prices were 11.5% higher in the year to 
August, with house prices increasing by 11.1% and apartment prices up by 16.7%. The region outside of Dublin 
which saw the largest rise in house prices was the Border at 20.7%, while at the other end of the scale, the 
South-West saw an 8.3% increase. (Source: Central Statistics Office, Residential Property Price Index, August 
2021). 
 
As at August 2021, property prices nationally have increased by 103.2% from their trough in early 
2013 and Dublin residential property prices have risen 110.8% from their February 2012 low.  Residential 
property prices in the rest of Ireland are 104.4% higher than at the trough which was in May 2013. (Source: 
Central Statistics Office, Residential Property Price Index, August 2021). 
 
The Covid-19 pandemic and associated restrictions continued to have an impact on the completions 
for Q3 2021. There were 4,656 new dwelling completions in Q3 2021, a 7.7% decrease on the 5,045 
completions in Q3 2020. However, there was an increase in apartment completions compared to Q3 2020, with 
1,000 completions, a 39.9% increase from 715 completions in Q3 2020. The number of scheme dwellings 
completed fell by 14.3% from 2,867 in Q3 2020 to 2,458 in Q3 2021; while single dwellings completed fell by 
18.1% from 1,463 in Q3 2020 to 1,198 this quarter. Scheme dwellings accounted for 52.8% of all new dwelling 
completions in Q3 2021, while 25.7% were single dwellings and 21.5% were apartments.  
 
Within the Q3 2021 performance, July and August 2021 saw a month-on-month drop in completions 
from a peak in June of 1,984.  However, some positive momentum was visible when completions increased to 
1,706 in September (albeit still below the September figures of 1,838 and 1,893 in 2019 and 2020 respectively). 
(Source: Central Statistics Office, New Dwelling Completions, Q3 2021). 
 
In Q3 2021 the Banking Payments Federation of Ireland reported 11,479 new mortgage drawdowns, 
with a total value of €2,784 million. This performance represented an increase of 40.9% in volume and 42.3% in 
value respectively versus the same period in 2020.  For property purchase mortgages drawn down in Q3 2021, 
there was a 43.3% increase in terms of volume and a 45.8% increase in terms of value, year-on-year, with a 
total value of €2,314 million (9,124 drawdowns). (Source: Banking Payments Federation of Ireland, Drawdowns 
Report, Q3 2021). 
 
The Mortgage Business in Ireland  
 
Bank of Ireland entered the Irish residential loan market in a meaningful way in the early 1990s.  
Prior to this, participation in this market was through ICS Building Society (ICS) which was acquired by the 
Group in 1985.  In 1997, ICS took over from Bank of Ireland in the servicing of Bank of Ireland’s 
mortgages (Bank of Ireland’s Irish residential loan book) and in 2011, following a strategic review of 
operations, responsibility for the servicing of the Group's residential mortgages moved to Bank of Ireland. 
 
The Issuer forms part of the Products team, a business unit of Bank of Ireland Retail Ireland.  The 
Products function coordinates Mortgages, Unsecured Personal Loans, Current Accounts, Debit Cards, 
Credit Cards, Overdrafts, BOI Payment Acceptance and Retail Deposits. 
 
On 5 July 2004, Bank of Ireland transferred substantially all of its Irish residential mortgage book 
and related security held by Bank of Ireland to the Issuer.  
 
The Issuer primarily originates residential loans through Bank of Ireland. As at 30 June 2021 
Bank of Ireland’s Retail Ireland is one of the largest financial service providers in the Republic of Ireland 
and operates a network of branches where qualified mortgage specialists assist customers with the 
mortgage application process. The Issuer also originates new mortgages through three main channels: 
Branch, Direct, and Mobile Mortgage Managers. The Issuer has a Mobile Mortgage Manager team

--- Page 137 ---
M-57468134-18 
137
whereby mortgage specialists meet customers at a time and location that is convenient for them to submit 
mortgage applications. In July 2020, the Issuer launched the first online application journey for the First 
Time Buyers customer cohort, providing additional optionality to suit customer needs. In 2021 this online 
journey was further expanded providing a digital platform across all of the Issuer's origination channels 
and customer segments. 
 
On 1 September 2014, the Group exited from the origination of new mortgages through its 
intermediary channel, including the sale of the ICS' distribution platform as part of the 2013 amendments 
to its EU Restructuring Plan. In November 2018, the Group launched a new intermediary channel for 
mortgage origination called “The Mortgage Store”. All ICS mortgage and savings accounts were 
transferred from ICS to Bank of Ireland on 1 September 2014 by way of a statutory transfer scheme, the 
legislation for which has been enacted by the Irish Government. Thereafter, a pool of circa €223 million 
mortgage assets only was sold and transferred by Bank of Ireland to Dilosk Limited. Dilosk Limited also 
acquired the ICS brand and the ICS distribution platform. 
 
The Irish Competitive Landscape  
 
There are seven main mortgage providers operating in the mortgage market in Ireland: Bank of 
Ireland Group, Ulster Bank Ireland DAC, KBC Bank Ireland plc, Permanent TSB, Allied Irish Bank/ EBS 
DAC, Finance Ireland, Dilosk DAC and Avantcard DAC trading as Avant Money.  However, Ulster Bank 
Ireland DAC and KBC Bank Ireland plc announced in February 2021 and April 2021 respectively that they 
plan to withdraw from the mortgage market in Ireland over the coming years.  
 
Description of Bank of Ireland/the Group 
 
General 
 
Bank of Ireland is the parent of a group of subsidiary companies (together with Bank of Ireland 
Group plc, the Group) operating in the financial services sector. 
 
Bank of Ireland was established as a chartered corporation by an Act of the Irish Parliament of 
1781/2 and by a Royal Charter of King George III in 1783. The Group is one of the largest financial 
services groups in Ireland with total assets of €150 billion at 30 June 2021. The address of the registered 
office of Bank of Ireland is 40 Mespil Road, Dublin 4, Ireland and the telephone number of its registered 
address is +353 1 637 8000. 
 
The Group provides a broad range of banking and other financial services. These services 
include; current account and deposit services, overdrafts, term loans, mortgages, business and corporate 
lending, international asset financing, leasing, instalment credit, invoice discounting, foreign exchange 
facilities, interest and exchange rate hedging instruments, life assurance, pension and protection products. 
All of these services are provided by the Group in Ireland with selected services being offered in the UK 
and internationally. 
 
The Group generates the majority of its revenue from traditional lending and deposit taking 
activities as well as fees for a range of banking and transaction services. The Group also has access to 
distribution in the UK via its partnership with the AA and through a number of strategic intermediary 
relationships 
 
The Group is organised into four trading segments as follows: Retail Ireland, Wealth and 
Insurance, Retail UK and Corporate and Markets; and one support division, Group Centre, to effectively 
serve its customers. 
 
Group Centre comprises Group Technology and Customer Solutions, Group Finance, Group 
Risk, People Services, Group Strategy and Development and Group Internal Audit (GIA). The Group’s 
central functions establish and oversee policies and provide and manage processes and delivery 
platforms for the trading segments.

--- Page 138 ---
M-57468134-18 
138
 
The Group’s website is: https://www.bankofireland.com. 
 
Operating Segments 
 
The Group has five reportable operating segments which reflect the internal financial and 
management reporting structure and are organised as follows: 
 
Retail Ireland 
 
Retail Ireland is one of the largest providers of financial services in Ireland with a network of 
branches across the country, mobile and online banking applications and customer contact centres. Retail 
Ireland offers a broad range of financial products and services including current accounts, savings, 
mortgages, credit cards, motor finance and loans to personal and business banking customers and is 
managed through a number of customer focused business lines namely EveryDay Banking, Home Buying 
(including the Issuer) and Business Banking (including Bank of Ireland Finance) supported by Distribution, 
Marketing and Risk Management partners. 
 
Wealth and Insurance  
 
Wealth and Insurance includes the Group’s life assurance subsidiary New Ireland Assurance 
Company plc (NIAC) which distributes protection, investment and pension products to the Irish market, 
across three core channels made up of the Group’s distribution channels, independent financial brokers, 
its own financial advisor network and corporate partners. It also includes Investment Markets and the 
Group’s general insurance brokerage, Bank of Ireland Insurance Services, which offers home and car 
insurance cover through its agency with insurance providers. 
 
Retail UK 
 
The Retail UK division incorporates the financial services partnership and foreign exchange joint 
venture with the UK Post Office, the financial services partnership with the AA, the UK residential 
mortgage business, the Group’s branch network in Northern Ireland (NI), the Group’s business banking 
business in NI and the Northridge Finance motor and asset finance, vehicle leasing and fleet management 
business. The Group also has a business banking business in Great Britain which is being run-down. The 
Retail UK division includes the activities of Bank of Ireland (UK) plc, the Group’s wholly owned UK 
licenced banking subsidiary. 
 
Corporate and Markets 
 
Corporate and Markets (formerly Corporate and Treasury) incorporates the Group's corporate 
banking, wholesale financial markets, specialised acquisition finance and large transaction property 
lending business, across the Republic of Ireland, UK and internationally, with offices in the Republic of 
Ireland, the UK, the United States, Germany, France and Spain.   
 
Group Centre 
 
Group Centre comprises Group Technology and Customer Solutions, Group Finance, Group 
Risk, People Services, Group Strategy and Development and GIA.  These Group central functions 
establish and oversee policies and provide and manage certain processes and delivery platforms for the 
divisions. 
 
Recent Developments 
 
In March 2020, the World Health Organisation declared the outbreak of Covid-19 to be a global 
pandemic. Measures were adopted by governments and national regulators with a view to containing the 
spread of Covid-19, including travel bans, shut-downs of businesses and workplaces, quarantine and

--- Page 139 ---
M-57468134-18 
139
elective self-isolation; leaving large parts of many economies, including the Irish and UK economies, 
effectively closed. The extent of these and any further restrictions, and the actual timing of the lifting of all 
restrictions, is as yet unknown. See the risk factors entitled “The Covid-19 pandemic continues to impact 
the global, Irish and UK economies” and “The Covid-19 pandemic continues to impact the Group” above. 
 
The Group announced annual results in respect of the twelve months ended 31 December 2020 
on 1 March 2021, and the audited consolidated financial statements are incorporated by reference herein. 
The announcement updated the market on the Group’s financial performance and the impact Covid-19 is 
having, particularly in respect of: the changed economic environment in Ireland and the UK, which has 
resulted in lower levels of economic activity, credit formation and business income; the Group’s loan asset 
quality and loan loss impairment charges; Group financial performance and profitability; and measures the 
Group has implemented to support customers including payment breaks. 
 
A Group-wide Voluntary Parting Scheme (the Scheme) approved in the third quarter of 2020 will 
see c.1,450 full-time employees leaving the Group on a phased basis, and will bring staff numbers below 
9,000 for the medium-term. At 30 June 2021, the number of staff (full time equivalents) was 9,211 (30 
June 2020: 10,341) which reflects employees who exited the Group under the Scheme up to and including 
30 June 2021. This Scheme has led to a reduction in staff numbers of 1,019 or 10 per cent. since it 
commenced in September 2020 and 579 or 6 per cent. since December 2020. 
 
During 2020, the strategic review of the Northern Ireland retail business was completed. This will 
result in a material restructuring of the Northern Ireland business. c.50 per cent. of branches will close, 
helping to reduce costs. The Group will further simplify its product offering, leveraging its expertise in car 
finance and mortgages. The Group will also relocate its UK Head Office from London to Belfast. 
 
Following an extensive review of the Group’s network, the Group has taken the decision to close 
103 branches in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. The Group will continue to operate 182 
branches across the island of Ireland. The branches will be an integral part of the Group’s strategy of 
blending physical and digital services to meet its customers' evolving needs. 
 
On 22 July 2021, the Group announced it had reached an agreement to acquire J&E Davy 
(Davy), Ireland’s leading provider of wealth management and capital markets services, for an enterprise 
value of €440 million, subject to certain customary adjustments including capital at completion (the 
Enterprise Value). 25 per cent. of the Enterprise Value will be paid to Davy shareholders two years after 
completion subject to Davy shareholders meeting a number of agreed criteria. The balance will be paid as 
cash consideration on completion, which is expected in 2022. In addition, further payments of up to €40 
million will be payable from 2025, contingent on future business model performance.  The transaction is 
expected to impact CET1 capital by c.80 basis points on completion in 2022 and will be financed through 
existing resources. 
 
Davy also announced on 22 July 2021 that it is selling Davy Global Fund Management (DGFM) 
and its shareholding in Rize ETF to separate third parties. As a result, Davy is expected to have a 
significant excess cash position at completion over and above that which is required to run the business. 
The Group will also pay for such excess cash, due to be finalised at completion, which will be largely 
comprised of the proceeds of these disposals, currently estimated to be c.€125 million. Completion of the 
Davy acquisition is conditional on the satisfaction of customary conditions including approval by the 
Central Bank of Ireland and the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission. 
 
The Group announced annual interim results in respect of the first six months ended 30 June 
2021 on 3 August 2021, and the unaudited consolidated financial statements are incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus. The announcement updated the market on the Group’s financial 
performance; the Group’s loan asset quality and loan loss impairment charges; and two significant 
inorganic opportunities which complement the Group’s strategy, namely the planned acquisitions of Davy 
and KBC Bank Ireland.

--- Page 140 ---
M-57468134-18 
140
On 27 September 2021, the Group announced that Mr. Myles O’Grady informed the Board of 
BOIG plc of his intention to step down as Group Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director of BOIG plc 
and Bank of Ireland.  Mr O’Grady is expected to leave the Group in March 2022 and a process to appoint 
his successor is underway. 
 
On 16 April 2021, the Group announced it had entered into a Memorandum of 
Understanding with KBC Bank Ireland, expressing the parties’ intention to explore a route that could 
potentially lead to a transaction whereby the Group commits to acquire substantially all of KBC Bank 
Ireland’s performing loan assets and liabilities. On 22 October 2021, the Group announced it had 
entered into a binding agreement with KBC Bank Ireland and KBC Group for the acquisition of c.€8.8 
billion of performing mortgages, c.€0.1 billion of performing commercial and consumer loans and 
c.€4.4 billion of deposits. In addition, a portfolio of non-performing mortgages (NPEs) of up to c. €0.3 
billion will also be acquired as part of the transaction. Completion of the acquisition is conditional on 
the satisfaction of customary conditions including approval by the Competition and Consumer 
Protection Commission. 
 
On 30 November 2021, the Central Bank reprimanded and fined Bank of Ireland 
€24,500,000 pursuant to its Administrative Sanctions Procedure for failures to have a robust 
framework in place to ensure continuity of service for Bank of Ireland and its customers in the event 
of a significant IT disruption. These IT service continuity deficiencies were repeatedly identified from 
2008 onwards but due to internal control failings only started to be appropriately recognised and 
addressed in 2015. The steps taken by Bank of Ireland to address the deficiencies were completed 
by 2019. 
 
2021 EU-Wide Stress Test 
 
On 30 July 2021, the EBA published the results of the 2021 EU-wide stress test, which involved 
50 banks from 15 EU and EEA countries, covering 70 per cent. of the EU banking sector assets. The 2021 
EU-wide stress test does not contain a pass/fail threshold and instead is designed to be used as an 
important source of information for the purposes of the SREP. The results will assist competent authorities 
in assessing the Group’s ability to meet applicable prudential requirements under stressed scenarios. 
 
The stress test scenario was set by the ECB/European Systemic Risk Board and covers a three-
year time horizon (2021-2023). The stress test has been carried out applying a static balance sheet 
assumption as of December 2020, and therefore does not take into account future business strategies and 
management actions. It is not a forecast of the Group’s profits.  In the stress test two scenarios were run; 
a baseline scenario and an adverse scenario which assumes a severe economic downturn. In the 
baseline scenario the Group maintains a CET1 ratio of 14.1% (regulatory) and 13.9% (fully loaded) in 
2023. In the adverse scenario this ratio decreases to 8.8% (regulatory) and 8.1% (fully loaded) in 2023.

--- Page 141 ---
M-57468134-18 
141
Board of Directors and Management and Administration of the Issuer 
 
Board of Directors 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are 8 members of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer. 5 of the 8 members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer are Group members and the remaining 
3 members of the Board of Directors are independent non-executive directors. The close tie between the 
Group and the directors of the Issuer is aimed at maintaining the Group's expertise and business franchise 
in residential lending at the Issuer. However, the Issuer is independent in its decision-making capability as 
far as it is appropriate for a wholly-owned subsidiary bank of a banking group.  
 
The names, business addresses and principal outside activities of the members of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer are listed below. 
 
 
 
 
Members 
Principal Outside Activities
 
Harry Lorton (chairman, independent non-executive 
director) 40 Mespil Road, Dublin 4.  
 
Company director (non-executive director of a 
number of companies) 
Geraldine 
Kelly 
(independent 
non-executive 
director)  
40 Mespil Road, Dublin 4 
 
Company director (non-executive director of a 
number of companies) 
Paul Raleigh (independent non-executive director)  
40 Mespil Road, Dublin 4 
Company director (non-executive director of a 
number of companies) 
 
 
John O’Beirne (managing director) 
40 Mespil Road, Dublin 4 
 
Tony McMahon (executive director) 
40 Mespil Road, Dublin 4 
 
Tony Morley (non-executive director) 
40 Mespil Road, Dublin 4 
 
Aine McCleary (non-executive director)  
40 Mespil Road, Dublin 4 
 
James Hayden (executive director)  
Director, Business Banking – Bank of Ireland  
 
 
Head of Customer Loan Solutions – Bank of Ireland 
 
 
Group Treasurer – Bank of Ireland 
 
 
Business Director, Retail Ireland – Bank of Ireland 
 
 
Head of Finance, Consumer Banking – Bank of 
Ireland 
 
 
As far as is known to the Issuer, other than as may arise from an individual director's principal 
outside activities listed in each case above or, in the case of current or former employees of the Group, 
other roles within the Group, no potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to the Issuer or the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer and their private interests or other duties in respect of their management 
roles. 
 
Mortgage Servicing 
 
Bank of Ireland has been appointed agent and servicer (the Mortgage Servicer) by the Issuer 
under the Servicing and Agency Agreement dated 2 July 2004 between the Issuer and Bank of Ireland (as 
supplemented by a Master Services Agreement dated 1 January 2012, together the Servicing and 
Agency Agreement) to service and administer the Irish residential loans of the Issuer, their related 
security and certain other related matters. Under the terms of the Servicing and Agency Agreement, the 
Mortgage Servicer may at its own cost sub-contract or delegate its powers and obligations under the

--- Page 142 ---
M-57468134-18 
142
Servicing and Agency Agreement. Any such sub-contracting or delegation will not abrogate or relieve the 
Mortgage Servicer of any of its obligations under the Servicing and Agency Agreement. The Group 
currently services and manages mostly all Irish residential loans originated by the Group. In that regard, 
the Issuer has delegated or sub-contracted its powers under the Servicing and Agency Agreement with 
respect to Irish residential loan and related security servicing and related matters to the Group and with 
respect to certain Irish residential loans and related security. 
 
Bank of Ireland has agreed under the Servicing and Agency Agreement to service the Issuer's 
Irish residential loans with the same level of skill, care and diligence as it would in managing those Irish 
residential loans advanced by any Group member.

--- Page 143 ---
M-57468134-18 
143
Risk Management at the Group and the Issuer 
 
Risk Management and Control 
 
Risk Management Framework (the Risk Management Framework) 
 
Guided by the conditions of the Board approved Risk Identity and Risk Appetite, the Group 
follows an integrated approach to risk management to ensure that all material classes of risk are taken 
into consideration and that the Group’s overall business strategy and remuneration practices are aligned 
with its risk and capital management strategies. 
 
The Group Risk Framework is the overarching high level document which articulates the Group's 
integrated approach to risk. It is reviewed and approved annually by the Group Chief Risk Officer and by 
the Board at least every three years following consideration and recommendation by the Board Risk 
Committee (BRC). It specifies the Group's formal governance process around risk and its approach to risk 
identification, appetite setting, assessment, management, monitoring and reporting. 
 
Risk Management Structure & Organisation 
 
Risk Strategy 
 
The Group’s risk strategy is to ensure that the Group clearly defines its risk appetite, as reflected 
in Group strategy and that it has appropriate risk governance, processes and controls in place as 
articulated in the Group Risk Framework so it addresses its target markets with confidence; protects its 
balance sheet; and delivers sustainable profitability. 
 
The Group seeks to pursue its risk strategy by: 
 
• defining Risk Identity and Risk Appetite as the boundary condition for the Group’s strategic plan and 
annual Operating Plan / Budget; 
 
• defining the risk principles upon which risks may be accepted; 
 
• ensuring that all material risks are correctly identified, assessed, measured, managed and reported; 
 
•ensuring that capital and funding considerations shape the approach to risk selection / management in 
the Group; 
 
• allocating clear roles and responsibilities / accountability for the control of risk within the Group; 
 
• avoiding undue risk concentrations; 
 
• engendering a prudent and balanced risk management culture; 
 
• ensuring that the basis of remuneration for key decision makers is consistent with EBA guidelines, as 
appropriate; and 
 
• ensuring that the Group’s risk management structures remain appropriate to its risk profile and take 
account of lessons learnt and emerging internal and external factors. 
 
Risk Governance 
 
The identification, assessment and reporting of risk in the Group is controlled within the risk 
governance framework which incorporates both the Board, risk committees appointed by the Board (e.g. 
BRC, Group Audit Committee (GAC)), and also the Executive Committee (ERC), the Asset & Liability 
Committee (ALCO), and their respective appointed committees.

--- Page 144 ---
M-57468134-18 
144
 
The Risk Governance Framework is supported by the Group’s management body and outlines 
how risk responsibilities extend throughout the organisation based on a three lines of defence approach. 
 
• First line of defence: primary responsibility and accountability for risk management lies with line 
management in individual businesses and relevant Group functions. They are responsible for the 
identification and management of risk at business unit / Group function level including the implementation 
of appropriate controls and reporting to the Group in respect of all major risk events. Business units / 
Group functions are accountable for the risks arising in their businesses / functions, and are the first line of 
defence for the Group in managing them. 
 
• Second line of defence: Group Risk and a number of central functions are responsible for 
maintaining independent risk oversight and ensuring that a risk central framework is in place. They 
formulate risk policy and strategy, and provide independent oversight, analysis, and centralised risk 
reporting. 
 
 
• Third line of defence: Group Internal Audit (GIA) provides independent, reasonable assurance to 
key stakeholders on the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control framework. 
GIA carries out risk based assignments covering Group businesses and functions (including outsourcing 
providers - subject to the right to audit), with ratings assigned as appropriate. Findings are communicated 
to senior management and other key stakeholders, with remediation plans monitored for progress against 
agreed completion dates. Credit Review an independent function within GIA, is responsible for reviewing 
the quality and management of credit risk assets across the Group. 
 
Risk Governance Framework 
 
The Board of Directors is responsible for ensuring that an appropriate system of internal control is 
maintained.  
 
The identification, assessment and reporting of risk in the Group is controlled through risk 
committees appointed by the Board (BRC and GAC) and Group Executive Committee (GEC) (ERC, ALCO 
and their respective appointed committees). 
 
Each of the risk committees has detailed terms of reference, approved by the Board or their 
parent committee, setting out their respective roles and responsibilities. In summary, the following are the 
key responsibilities of the Group’s risk committees. 
 
The Board and its committees fulfils the management and supervisory functions of the 
management body and is responsible for setting, approving and overseeing high level policy and strategic 
direction in relation to the nature and scale of risk that the Group is prepared to assume to achieve its 
strategic objectives. The Board's role and responsibilities are set out in its Terms of Reference. 
 
It fulfils these responsibilities by reserving authority to approve the Group's risk appetite 
(incorporating risk identity and high level risk limits), thereby defining the amount and type of risk the 
Group is prepared to accept in pursuit of its financial objectives, and forming a boundary condition to 
strategy.   
 
It approves the Group Risk Framework which identifies the Group’s formal governance process 
around risk and the approach to risk identification, appetite setting, assessment, management, monitoring 
and reporting.  It maintains oversight of the Group’s risk profile through review and consideration of the 
Board Risk Report.   
 
The Board approves key Group policies, such as the Group Credit Policy (incorporating the 
Group Forbearance Policy), the Group Country Risk Policy, the Group Property Valuation Policy, the 
Group Funding and Liquidity Policy and the Group Policy on Market Risk. The Board also approves the 
Group Impairment Policy and the Group's Recovery Plan. The Board approves the Group’s ICAAP, which

--- Page 145 ---
M-57468134-18 
145
is a process to ensure that the Board and senior management adequately identify measure and monitor 
the Group’s risks and that adequate capital is held in relation to the Group’s risk profile.   
 
The Board also approves the Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process report (ILAAP) 
which outlines how the Group assesses, quantifies and manages the key liquidity and funding risks to 
which it is exposed.  It also details the Group’s approach to determining the level of Counterbalancing 
Capacity required to be maintained both under Business As Usual (BAU) conditions and during periods of 
stress. It approves the terms of reference and the membership of BRC and GAC annually, reviews their 
decisions through reports from the committees’ chairmen and their minutes, and reviews the findings of 
the annual reviews of effectiveness of those committees.   
 
The Board is updated on the Group’s risk environment and on the Group’s exposure to the 
Group’s key risk types through a Board Risk Report presented quarterly by the Group Chief Risk Officer 
(an abridged dashboard is submitted monthly together with a recovery dashboard).  The Board is also 
informed of ERC risk deliberations through the Top 5 Macro Risks Process and updates from the BRC. 
 
The BRC monitors risk governance to assist the Board in discharging its responsibilities in 
ensuring that risks are properly identified, reported, and assessed; that risks are properly controlled; and 
that strategy is informed by and aligned with the Group’s risk appetite.   
 
The BRC comprises non-executive directors and makes recommendations to the Board on risk 
issues where the Board has reserved authority, maintains oversight of the Group’s risk profile, including 
adherence to Group risk principles, policies and standards, as well as approving material risk policies 
within its delegated discretion.  Within the parameters of Board approved Risk Appetite, high level policies, 
frameworks and principles, the BRC approves certain material risk policies for the Group, in addition to 
considering the framework/ structure of the Risk Management Notes in the Group’s Report & Accounts. In 
addition the BRC ensures that risks are properly identified and assessed; that risks are properly controlled 
and managed; and that strategy is informed by and aligned with the Group’s risk appetite. The BRC's roles 
and responsibilities are set out in its Terms of Reference which are approved by the Board. 
 
It maintains oversight of the Group’s risk profile through review and consideration of the quarterly 
Board Risk Report and review and consideration of the minutes of the ERC and ALCO. The BRC 
approves the Risk Taxonomy, updated as part of the annual risk identification process which ensures that 
risk is properly identified and assessed and that risks are appropriately controlled and managed.  
 
Key risk types have been identified that the Group believes could have a material impact on 
earnings and ability to trade in the future.  With the exception of credit, funding and liquidity and market 
risks where the Board has reserved authority, the BRC is responsible for approving, where applicable, the 
key Group policies in relation to the Group’s other identified material risks e.g. Group Operational Risk 
Policy.   
 
It provides advice to the Group Remuneration Committee, as required, to inform remuneration 
decisions from a risk perspective, monitors the risk elements of a due diligence appraisal of any 
acquisition or divestment activity reserved for Board decision, considers the findings of Group Internal 
Audit and Credit Review in respect of risk management and considers the quality of the Group’s external 
risk reporting.   
 
The GAC comprises non-executive directors of the Board and its primary responsibilities are as 
follows: 
 
• 
in close liaison with the BRC, which advises the Board in establishing the Group’s risk appetite and 
setting standards for the Group’s risk control framework, the GAC reviews the appropriateness and 
completeness of the system of internal control, reviews the manner and framework in which 
management ensures and monitors the adequacy of the nature, extent and effectiveness of internal 
control systems, including accounting control systems, and thereby maintains an effective system of 
internal control and monitors the integrity of the financial statements;

--- Page 146 ---
M-57468134-18 
146
 
• 
assists the Board in meeting obligations under relevant stock exchange listing rules and under  
applicable laws and regulations;  
 
• 
oversees all matters relating to the relationship between the Group and the external auditors; 
 
• 
discharges the statutory responsibility of the Bank under Section 167 of the Companies Act and other 
statutes or regulations; and 
 
• 
oversees compliance with current and future Government requirements associated with their support 
for the Bank. 
 
The ERC is established by the GEC.  Membership comprises members of the Group Executive 
team and group-wide divisional and control function executives. It is responsible for oversight in respect of 
all risk types across the Group, with the exception of Market Risk, Funding & Liquidity Risk and Capital 
adequacy, including monitoring and reviewing the Group's risk profile and compliance with risk appetite 
and other approved policy limits, and approving risk policies and actions within discretion delegated from 
GEC. ERC reviews and makes recommendations on all risk matters where the Board and the BRC have 
reserved authority. ERC oversees risk through review and consideration of the monthly and quarterly 
Board Risk Reports, considers reports from and reviews the minutes of its appointed committees, and 
reviews and approves business unit and sector credit policy and portfolio reviews. It approves policies and 
actions within the boundary conditions of Risk Appetite, limits and the policies approved by the Board, and 
the BRC, taking account, as appropriate, of capital and funding considerations. ERC reviews and 
recommends to the BRC for approval by the Board the Group Recovery Plan. 
 
All items approved by ERC are notified to BRC through the ERC minutes. 
 
The ERC, in turn, delegates specific responsibility for oversight of major classes of risk (e.g. 
operational, regulatory) to specific committees and individuals that are accountable to it. 
 
ALCO is established by the GEC which, in support of the Chief Executive Officer, monitors and 
oversees the performance of the Committee.  Membership is comprised of members of the GEC and 
executives from Finance, Risk and the Group’s divisions. The Committee is responsible for the strategic 
financial direction of the Group by identifying, managing and controlling balance sheet risks and capital 
management across the Group. It oversees all activities relating to asset & liability management plus the 
following: Market Risk, Funding and Liquidity Risk, and Capital Adequacy, while reviewing and monitoring 
the risk profile of these financial risks against the approved risk appetite and the relevant frameworks and 
policies.   
 
ALCO reviews and makes recommendations on delegated risk matters where the Board and the 
BRC have reserved authority. It approves policies and actions within the boundary conditions of Risk 
Appetite, limits and the policies approved by the Board, and the BRC, taking account, as appropriate, of 
capital and funding considerations. 
 
Issuer Risk Management 
 
Introduction 
 
The board of directors of the Issuer (the Board of Directors) adopts policies and approves limits 
with respect to credit risk, market risk, funding and liquidity risk, operational risk, business and strategic 
risk, capital adequacy risk, reputation risk, conduct risk and regulatory risk. The Issuer has entered into a 
range of service level agreements with the Group to support its overall risk management and control 
processes. The Issuer's risk management and control policies comply with the Group's risk management 
policies, which include reviews on a regular basis.  In addition, Group control functions (e.g. Credit, Group 
Internal Audit) independently review compliance with Group policies as part of their ongoing work in the 
Issuer.  The general scheme of risk management, financial and operational controls is designed to

--- Page 147 ---
M-57468134-18 
147
safeguard the Issuer's assets. 
 
Funding and Liquidity 
 
The Board of Directors have approved a funding business that permits the following forms of 
funding: 
 
(i) 
issuance of mortgage covered securities under the ACS Acts; 
 
(ii) 
borrowing from the Group; 
 
(iii) 
borrowing from the Central Bank under a mortgage-backed promissory note 
programme which the Issuer has put in place. That programme is designed to provide 
liquidity to the Issuer, is secured by a floating charge over Irish residential loans (and 
related Irish residential property assets) which are not included in the Issuer's Pool; 
 
(iv) 
deposit taking; and 
 
(v) 
capital funding to ensure at a minimum compliance with the capital adequacy 
requirements of the Central Bank. 
 
Changes to the funding policy require the prior approval of the Board of Directors and the Group’s 
Asset and Liability Committee. 
 
The Issuer has been granted a full derogation from the application of Part 6 of the Capital 
Requirements Regulation on an individual (solo) basis, and as such the obligations laid down must be 
complied with by Bank of Ireland on a consolidated basis. The granting of this derogation is subject to the 
proviso that all of the conditions specified in Article 8(1) of the Capital Requirements Regulation are 
complied with on an on-going basis. 
 
The Issuer is also required to comply with the ECB's minimum daily reserve requirement that is 
based on a percentage of the Issuer's customer deposit base. 
 
The Issuer reports to its parent, Bank of Ireland, all relevant balance sheet and off balance sheet 
items on a monthly basis to ensure compliance with Group liquidity requirements. 
 
The Issuer’s liquidity risk is managed as part of the Group’s overall liquidity management. 
  
Market Risk 
 
The interest rate exposure of the Issuer relating to its Irish residential lending and Mortgage 
Covered Securities denominated in euro, which are comprised in the Pool, is managed through a 
combination of matched funding and the use of interest rate swaps (the Pool Hedge) with Bank of Ireland. 
 
The Issuer operates a net funding model, primarily utilising Mortgage Covered Securities to fund 
the mortgages on its own balance sheet. With respect to issued fixed-rate Mortgage Covered Securities, 
Bank of Ireland pays to the Issuer under the cover assets hedge contracts an amount related to the fixed 
interest rate payable on the relevant Mortgage Covered Securities on a notional amount equal to the 
principal amount outstanding of the relevant Mortgage Covered Securities and on a monthly basis the 
Issuer pays to Bank of Ireland an amount related to the ECB base rate on that notional amount. 
 
With respect to issued floating rate Mortgage Covered Securities, Bank of Ireland pays to the 
Issuer under the cover assets hedge contracts an amount related to the floating interest rate payable on 
the relevant Mortgage Covered Securities on a notional amount equal to the principal amount outstanding 
of the relevant Mortgage Covered Securities and on a monthly basis the Issuer pays to Bank of Ireland an 
amount related to the ECB base rate on that notional amount.

--- Page 148 ---
M-57468134-18 
148
 
If the Issuer acquires or originates mortgage credit assets located for the purposes of the ACS 
Acts in Ireland and secured on commercial property or mortgage credit assets (whether secured on 
residential property or commercial property) which are located outside of Ireland for the purposes of the 
ACS Acts (see Risk Factors), RMBS, CMBS or mortgage credit assets denominated in a currency other 
than euro or the Issuer issues Mortgage Covered Securities denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the Pool Hedge or, as applicable, any hedge contract(s) of the Issuer that are not cover assets hedge 
contract(s), will not hedge any interest rate risks associated with those mortgage credit assets or, as 
applicable, Mortgage Covered Securities and any such risks will have to be addressed by amending the 
above hedging arrangements or putting in place new hedging arrangements which may be with 
counterparties other than Bank of Ireland. See also Risk Factors – The Group is exposed to market risks 
such as changes in interest rates (including the continuation of the exceptionally low interest rate 
environment for an extended period), interest rate spreads, (or bases) and foreign exchange rates.    
 
Cover Assets Hedge Contracts 
 
The Issuer's interest rate risk strategy is to eliminate material exposure of earnings or net worth to 
changes in interest rates. The primary measure of interest rate risk is the sensitivity to a 1 per cent. 
parallel shift in the yield curve. The strategy operates within limits set by the Court of Directors of Bank of 
Ireland (the Court of Directors) and ALCO. The Issuer's interest rate risk strategy complies with the 
market risk policies of the Group. 
 
The Issuer uses derivatives, including the interest rate swaps described above, strictly for 
hedging purposes. Derivatives are not used in trading activities or for speculative purposes. 
 
Under regulations made under the ACS Acts, the Issuer is required to ensure that the sensitivity 
of its net worth to a 1 per cent. upward shift, downward shift or twist in the yield curve does not exceed 10 
per cent. of the level of own funds. See The Cover Assets Monitor — Continuing duties of a Monitor. 
 
In addition, the Issuer complies with restrictions on currency related derivative activities under the 
ACS Acts. In respect of assets within the Pool, the Issuer complies with the currency matching 
requirements set out in the ACS Acts and provisions applicable to cover assets hedge contracts. See 
Cover Assets Pool and Requirements under the ACS Acts. 
 
The Issuer uses derivatives within the limitations prescribed under the ACS Acts. See Cover 
Assets Pool and Requirements under the ACS Acts — cover assets hedge contracts and Restrictions on 
the Activities of an Institution — Permitted business activities — (f) entering into certain hedging contracts 
for the purpose of hedging risks associated with the foregoing activities/dealing in and holding Pool Hedge 
Collateral. 
 
Credit Risk 
 
Credit risk within the Issuer arises primarily from residential mortgage lending. The credit risk 
policy has been agreed by the Board of Directors/Court of Directors and complies fully with overall Group 
Lending Policy. The policy is reviewed regularly. Clear policies for approval of loans are documented. The 
quality of all lending is monitored and measured using portfolio grading tools and proactive quality 
assurance measures. A robust arrears management process ensures that the impact of arrears on the 
Issuer's performance will be minimised. 
 
The Issuer primarily assesses credit risk on the criteria of repayment capacity, loan to value 
ratios, income multiples and adequacy of security. The residential mortgage lending book is managed on 
a portfolio basis. Diversification is achieved through maintenance of an acceptable risk spread in relation 
to a range of risk parameters including geographical locations, product concentrations, loan to value ratios 
and interest rates. 
 
Accountability for Credit Risk Management rests within the Group Risk function. Credit activities

--- Page 149 ---
M-57468134-18 
149
are independently reviewed by Credit Review, a function within Group Internal Audit, which reports to the 
Chairman of the Group Audit Committee.

--- Page 150 ---
M-57468134-18 
150
Irish Residential Loan Origination and Servicing 
 
Introduction 
 
On 5 July 2004, Bank of Ireland transferred €9.1 billion of Irish residential loans and related 
security held by it to the Issuer. Those Irish residential loans were originated by Bank of Ireland prior to 5 
July 2004. They were transferred by Bank of Ireland to the Issuer on 5 July 2004 pursuant to a scheme 
made under the 2001 Act and the provisions of the 2001 Act (see Summary of the Programme — Transfer 
of Bank of Ireland's Irish Residential Loan Book and Business to the Issuer). 
 
Since 5 July 2004, the Issuer has originated Irish residential loans which, subject to the 
requirements of the ACS Acts, may be included in the Pool. The Issuer's Irish residential loan book value 
at 30 June 2021 was €16 billion (pre-provisions). The Issuer has provided finance to purchasers (including 
tenant purchasers) of affordable housing under certain Irish State housing authority affordable housing 
schemes. Affordable housing is where a housing authority makes a property available to a purchaser at a 
discount of its actual market value. The purchaser is subject to a clawback which will arise if and when the 
purchaser resells the property within a specified period of years and this clawback is registered as a 
charge on the property. No mortgage credit asset that is secured on an affordable housing property will be 
included in the Issuer's Pool. See also Summary of the Programme — Transfer of Bank of Ireland's Irish 
Residential Loan Book and Business to the Issuer above. 
 
Lending Criteria 
 
The following criteria (the Lending Criteria) are currently applied in respect of the origination of 
Irish residential lending by the Issuer: 
 
Security 
 
(a) 
Each of the Loans is secured by a first fixed mortgage or charge over a property in 
Ireland, or by a subsequent ranking fixed mortgage or charge only to the extent that every 
prior ranking mortgage or charge on principal security is also held by the Issuer. Prior 
ranking charges or mortgages on secondary security may be held by Bank of Ireland or 
the Issuer. 
(b) 
The legal title in the property being taken as security is "good marketable title" as 
determined from time to time by the Law Society of Ireland. 
(c) 
In all cases a valuation is required to be performed by a valuer, being a valuer at the time 
of such valuation that is listed on the Bank of Ireland's/the Issuer's listing of valuers or is 
otherwise acceptable to Bank of Ireland/the Issuer, except prior to June 2011 in the case 
of certain further advances where an existing acceptable valuation report is held. 
(d) 
Whilst loans are made in circumstances where the property is under construction, such 
loans are not included in the Pool. 
(e) 
Home loan borrowers are generally required to effect and maintain a life assurance policy 
in the amount of the loan for the duration of the term which will repay the loan in the event 
of death. Such assurance policies are required to be assigned to the Issuer as security for 
the loan. BTL borrowers are not required to effect life assurance. 
(f) 
Borrowers are generally required to effect and maintain a property insurance policy in an 
amount sufficient to recover the reinstatement value of the property and the Issuer is a 
joint insured or its interest is noted on said policies. The obligations of the borrower may 
be met if such insurance is effected and maintained by another person with an interest in

--- Page 151 ---
M-57468134-18 
151
the relevant property and the Issuer is a joint insured or its interest is noted on such 
policy. 
 
Residential loan amount to related property value ratio (LTV) 
 
(a) 
The LTV is calculated by dividing the loan amount approved at completion of the Irish 
residential loan (including any completion fees) by the valuation (or in some cases, the 
purchase price) of the Irish residential property. 
(b) 
The maximum LTV of each Irish residential loan at the date of the initial advance by the 
Issuer to the borrower is generally not more than 90.0 per cent. (excluding any mortgage 
indemnity premium/administration or other fee/product options added). 
(c) 
Mortgage indemnity insurance is not required for Irish residential loans in respect of which 
the initial advance was made after 5 April 1999. No mortgage indemnity insurance is 
applied to BTL business. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding the general limit of 90.0 per cent. LTV referred to in (b) above, the Issuer 
also previously made available Irish home loans up to 100 per cent. LTV for first time 
buyers for a limited period of time and subject to strict criteria. The Issuer no longer offers 
100 per cent residential loans. The Issuer may from time to time make available to a 
limited number of eligible existing residential mortgage loan borrowers of the Group in 
negative equity certain Mover Product Features for which the maximum LTV, in the cases 
of the Trade Up Product Feature and the Trade Down Product Feature, may be up to 175 
per cent and in the case of the Trade Down Forbearance Option, is not specified but will 
be determined by the Issuer on a case by case basis. The availability of such features is 
subject to compliance with criteria. See also Risk Factors – Macro-prudential policy for, 
and conduct of residential mortgage lending and Description of the Issuer and the Group 
– The Issuer – Irish Housing / Residential Loan Market.  
 
Term 
 
Each new Irish residential loan has an initial term of no longer than 35 years. Generally, a 
maximum initial term of 25 years applies in respect of BTLs. Since November 2015, BTLs are subject to a 
maximum initial term of 30 years. 
 
Borrowers 
 
 
The borrowers must have a minimum age of 18. 
 
 
Independently of the number of borrowers who are parties to any one home loan, the assessment 
of the Irish residential home loan is based on the greater income and status of a maximum of two 
of the borrowers. 
 
 
Borrowers' credit and employment history will have been assessed with the aid of one or more of 
the following:  
 
(i) search supplied by the Central Credit Register; 
 
(ii) search supplied by another credit reference agency; 
 
(iii) copy of the most recent pay slips and/or the most recent Employment Details 
Summary; 
 
(iv) certified audited accounts;

--- Page 152 ---
M-57468134-18 
152
 
(v) accountant's certificate in the form supplied by the Issuer; 
 
(vi) existing lender's statements; 
 
(vii) salary reference from current employers; and 
 
(viii) 
satisfactory track record with the Issuer, where applicable. 
 
Income 
 
(a) Income is determined by reference to the application data and supporting documentation. 
 
(b) Income is verified in a manner according to the lender’s procedures. 
 
(c) Each borrower must disclose all material liabilities, which are assessed by the Issuer. 
 
(d) Borrowing limits for home loans are generally assessed by reference to a multiple of a borrower's 
income and repayment capacity. 
 
(e) A borrower's capacity to repay a home loan should exceed at the date of the advance a threshold, 
as determined from time to time by the Issuer, which depends on the borrower's family status. 
The borrower's capacity to repay is calculated using a stressed mortgage interest rate. 
 
(f) For BTL borrowers, capacity to repay is calculated by reference to a minimum debt cover ratio i.e. 
a defined percentage of rental income expressed as a percentage of stressed BTL capital and 
interest payments. 
 
Solicitors 
 
The firm of solicitors acting on behalf of the borrowers, on the granting of a security over Irish 
residential property, must have at least one practising solicitor who must hold a current practising 
certificate issued by the Law Society of Ireland. 
 
Further Advances 
 
Further advances generally are governed by the same criteria as initial advances. 
 
Changes to Lending Criteria and Exceptions 
 
The Issuer has the right to change the Lending Criteria from time to time. The Issuer also has the 
right to vary or waive the Lending Criteria from time to time and at any time and may have done so in the 
case of individual Irish residential loans. 
 
Enforcement Procedures 
 
The Issuer/Bank of Ireland has established procedures for managing loans that are in arrears, 
including early contact with borrowers in order to find a solution, where appropriate, to financial difficulties 
a borrower may anticipate or be experiencing. These same procedures, as from time to time varied in 
accordance with industry practice and legal requirements (most recently by the CCMA, see further Certain 
Aspects of Regulation of Banks and Residential Lending in Ireland – Regulation of the Irish Residential 
Mortgage Market – Code of Conduct on Mortgage Arrears below) will continue to be applied by the Mortgage 
Servicer (as defined below) under the terms of the Servicing and Agency Agreement in respect of arrears 
arising on the Issuer's Irish residential mortgage loans. 
 
Mortgage Servicing

--- Page 153 ---
M-57468134-18 
153
Introduction 
 
Bank of Ireland has been appointed agent and servicer by the Issuer under the Servicing and 
Agency Agreement dated 2 July 2004 between the Issuer and Bank of Ireland (as supplemented by a 
Master Services Agreement dated 1 January 2012, together the Servicing and Agency Agreement) to 
service and administer the Irish residential loans of the Issuer, their related security and certain other 
related matters. Under the terms of the Servicing and Agency Agreement, the Mortgage Servicer may at 
its own cost sub-contract or delegate its powers and obligations under the Servicing and Agency 
Agreement. Any such sub-contracting or delegation will not abrogate or relieve the Mortgage Servicer of 
any of its obligations under the Servicing and Agency Agreement. The Group currently services and 
manages all Irish residential loans originated by the Group. In that regard, the Issuer has delegated or 
sub-contracted its powers under the Servicing and Agency Agreement with respect to Irish residential loan 
and related security servicing and related matters to the Group and with respect to certain Irish residential 
loans and related security. 
 
Bank of Ireland has agreed under the Servicing and Agency Agreement to service the Issuer's 
Irish residential loans with the same level of skill, care and diligence as it would in managing those Irish 
residential loans advanced by any Group member. 
 
Mortgage Rates 
 
The Issuer will set the interest rates on its Irish residential loans. Interest is calculated on the 
amount owing by a borrower (including, but not limited to, capitalised interest) and is adjusted daily to take 
account of principal repayments. 
 
Payments from Borrowers 
 
Payments of principal and interest are usually made monthly in respect of the Issuer's Irish 
residential loans and are payable in arrears and are credited directly into a collection account held by the 
Issuer. 
 
Arrears and Default Procedures 
 
The Mortgage Servicer will endeavour to collect all payments due under or in connection with the 
Mortgage Loans, but having regard to the circumstances of the borrower in each case. In particular the 
procedures followed by the Mortgage Servicer are under regular review to ensure compliance with the 
CCMA. See further Certain Aspects of Regulation of Banks and Residential Lending in Ireland – Regulation of 
the Irish Residential Mortgage Market – Code of Conduct on Mortgage Arrears and Certain Aspects of 
Regulation of Banks and Residential Lending – Regulation of the Irish Residential Mortgage Market – 
Consumer Protection Code below. The procedures may include making arrangements whereby a 
borrower's payments may be varied and/or taking legal action for possession of the relevant residential 
property and the subsequent sale of that residential property, in each case in accordance with applicable 
legal requirements. An Irish court may exercise discretion as to whether, on application by the lender, it 
orders the borrower to vacate the property after a default and as to how long the borrower is given to 
vacate the property. A lender will usually apply for such an order so that it can sell the property with vacant 
possession. 
 
The gross proceeds of sale of the property (in certain circumstances net sales proceeds after 
payment of costs and expenses of the sale) together with any sums paid by a guarantor of the relevant 
borrower will be applied against the sums owing from the borrower to the extent necessary to discharge 
the loan. Where such funds are insufficient to redeem such loan in full, a claim would be made under any 
applicable mortgage indemnity guarantee insurance and, where appropriate, claims may be made against 
professional advisers who advised in connection with the advance of the relevant loan. Such claims are in 
addition to any rights or remedies which the lender may have at law or in equity against a borrower for 
payment of the outstanding amount of the loan. Where the funds arising from application of the above 
procedures are insufficient to pay all amounts owing in respect of a loan, such funds will be applied first in

--- Page 154 ---
M-57468134-18 
154
paying principal owing and secondly in paying interest and costs in respect of such loan. 
 
Redemption 
 
Under the Servicing and Agency Agreement, the Mortgage Servicer is responsible for handling 
the procedures connected with the redemption of Irish residential loans held by the Issuer.

--- Page 155 ---
M-57468134-18 
155
Certain Aspects of Regulation of Banks and Residential Lending in Ireland 
 
Introduction 
 
This section outlines certain regulatory requirements applicable to banking activities and 
residential mortgage lending and security in Ireland which the Issuer considers are directly relevant to its 
business. It is not intended to be read as a comprehensive description of all applicable regulation but as a 
general overview of the matters described herein. For the relationship between the powers and functions 
of the supervisory authorities under these regulatory requirements and those under the ACS Acts see 
Supervision and Regulation of Institutions/Managers — Regulation of Institutions under banking legislation 
other than the ACS Acts below. 
 
General Supervision and Regulation of Banks in Ireland 
 
Single Supervisory Mechanism  
 
Historically the Central Bank has had overall responsibility for the authorisation and supervision of 
credit institutions operating in Ireland. On 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation established the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism for credit institutions established in the Eurozone and other Member States that 
opt in to the SSM, transferring to the ECB supervisory responsibility and decision making powers in 
respect of core activities.  An institution categorised as significant (a Significant Institution) for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) No 468/2014 of the European Central Bank (ECB/2014/17), of which the 
Issuer is one, is directly supervised by a JST consisting of both ECB and Central Bank supervisors. The 
Central Bank retains responsibility for the supervision of the Issuer as a designated mortgage credit 
institution under the ACS Acts, and for areas such as anti-money laundering and consumer protection.  
 
Pre-approval controlled functions and the fitness and probity regime  
 
The Central Bank Reform Act 2010 (the Reform Act) requires that the appointment of key office-
holders in regulated financial service providers including any appointment to the role of director, be 
approved in advance by the Central Bank in accordance with the Fitness and Probity Standards (Code 
issued under Section 50 of the Central Bank Reform Act 2010) or, in the case of Significant Institutions, by 
the ECB in accordance with the European Banking Authority Guidelines on the assessment of the 
suitability of members of the management body and key function holders (as such guidelines may be 
amended, repealed or replaced from time to time).  
 
Domestic Enforcement Legislation 
 
The Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 (the Supervision Act) took effect on 
1 August 2013. The Supervision Act further strengthens the regulatory framework for Irish financial 
services providers by clarifying and enhancing the powers of the Central Bank to allow it to monitor, 
supervise, query and investigate the conduct and activities of financial service providers and to impose 
sanctions as appropriate.  
 
The Supervision Act applies to all regulated financial services providers and in many cases 
extends to any related undertakings including group companies and partnerships of which a regulated 
financial services provider is a member and which themselves may not have previously been subject to 
financial services regulation legislation.  
 
The main provisions of the Supervision Act include:  
 
(i) 
the ability of the Central Bank to require a regulated financial services provider to provide to the 
Central Bank an objective report prepared by a suitably skilled person; 
 
(ii) 
information gathering powers for the Central Bank;

--- Page 156 ---
M-57468134-18 
156
(iii) 
an enhanced authorised officer regime;  
 
(iv) 
the requirement to provide assurances from auditors; 
 
(v) 
protection for persons reporting breaches;  
 
(vi) 
empowering the Central Bank to give directions and make regulations; 
 
(vii) 
enhanced consumer protection; and  
 
(viii) 
increase in monetary penalties.  
 
Resolution under the BRRD and Single Resolution Mechanism 
 
The BRRD establishes a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms. The BRRD was substantially amended in 2020 by Directive 2019/879/EU (BRRD II). 
The BRRD (as amended by the BRRD II) has been implemented in Ireland by the European Union (Bank 
Recovery and Resolution) Regulations 2015 (as amended) (the BRRD Regulations). The UK has a 
similar special resolution regime established under the Banking Act 2009.  
 
Under the BRRD, competent authorities and resolution authorities are given power to, among 
other things: 
 
(a) require banks to prepare recovery plans and cooperate with competent authorities in the 
preparation of resolution plans; 
 
(b) take early intervention measures to prevent a bank's financial position from deteriorating, 
including replacing management or installing a temporary administrator in place of existing 
management; 
 
(c) appoint a special manager in place of existing management; and 
 
(d) implement resolution tools to manage the orderly resolution of a failing institution, including: (i) 
selling the institution or all or part of the business of the institution (the sale of business tool); (ii) 
transferring the institution or all or part of the business of the institution to a bridge institution (the 
bridge institution tool); (iii) transferring assets and liabilities of an institution to one or more asset 
management vehicles (the asset separation tool); and (iv) writing down capital instruments of an 
institution and writing down or converting to equity certain liabilities of an institution (the bail-in 
tool).  
 
EU regulatory authorities have required the production of recovery plans on an annual basis. 
 
The BRRD provides that resolution authorities may not bail-in liabilities in the form of covered 
bonds (such as the Securities) or pool hedges, and requires, in addition, that all secured assets relating to 
a covered bond cover pool should remain unaffected by the bail-in tool, segregated and with sufficient 
funding. However, neither this requirement, nor the restriction on bailing-in covered bonds and pool 
hedges, prevents resolution authorities from writing down that part of a secured liability that exceeds the 
value of the collateral on which it is secured.    
 
The BRRD is complemented by Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 15 July 2014 (the SRM Regulation). The SRM Regulation is designed to ensure the 
uniform application of the BRRD resolution rules in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism. The 
SRM Regulation also establishes the Single Resolution Board (SRB) as resolution authority for those 
institutions that are within the Single Resolution Mechanism. The SRB has the authority to exercise 
specific resolution powers pursuant to the SRM Regulation similar to those of the competent authorities 
under the BRRD, including in relation to resolution planning and assessment of resolvability

--- Page 157 ---
M-57468134-18 
157
 
Irish CRD Code 
 
 The Issuer is subject to the provisions of CRD IV and CRD V relating to capital adequacy and the 
monitoring and control of large exposures. The capital framework as set out in CRD IV and CRD V 
comprises: the Capital Requirements Regulation; the European Union (Capital Requirements) Regulations 
2014 and the European Union (Capital Requirements No. 2) Regulations 2014 (each as amended and 
together the CRD Regulations), which implement the CRD in Ireland; and  regulatory technical standards 
issued by the EBA. This regulatory package (the CRD Code) sets out, among other things, minimum start 
up and ongoing capital requirements for licensed banks such as the Issuer. 
 
Under the CRD Code, the Group and Issuer are subject to extensive regulation and regulatory 
supervision in relation to the levels of capital in their business.  
 
The Group’s operations in overseas locations are subject to the regulations and reporting 
requirements of the regulatory and supervisory authorities in the overseas locations, with the SSM having 
overall responsibility for their regulation and supervision. The SSM is required to supervise the Group on a 
consolidated basis, i.e. taking account of the entire Group activities and relationships. 
 
Anti-money laundering requirements 
 
All credit institutions are obliged to take the necessary measures to counteract effectively money 
laundering and terrorist financing in accordance with the Criminal Justice (Money Laundering and Terrorist 
Financing) Acts 2010 and 2013, and the Criminal Justice (Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing) 
(Amendment) Act 2021 (the CJMLTF Acts). The CJMLTF Acts transpose Directive 2005/60/EC, Directive 
2006/70 and the Fifth Anti-Money Laundering Directive, respectively, into Irish law. Further in 2018, the 
Criminal Justice (Corruption Offences) Act 2018 came into effect and this Act outlines Bribery and 
Corruption offences. 
 
Data Protection 
 
The General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation 2016/679/EU) (the GDPR) and the Data 
Protection Acts, 1988 to 2018 (the DPA) regulate the retention and use of data relating to individual 
customers by data controllers and data processors. In addition the Group is also subject to the European 
Communities 
(Electronic 
Communications 
Networks 
and 
Services) 
(Privacy 
and 
Electronic 
Communications) Regulations 2011(the ePrivacy Regulations). 
 
The GDPR came into force across the EU on 25 May 2018, replacing the existing framework 
established by the Data Protection Directive (Directive 95/46/EC).  The Irish Data Protection Act 2018 was 
signed into law on 24 May 2018 and implemented derogations permitted under the GDPR and 
represented a major overhaul of the regulatory and enforcement framework. Principal changes introduced 
by the GDPR include: 
 
(a) extending the reach of EU data protection law to all data controllers and data processors 
established outside of the EU which offer goods or services to, or monitor the behaviour of EU 
data subjects; 
 
(b) imposition of direct statutory obligations on data processors, making them liable to direct 
enforcement by supervisory authorities, fines, and compensation claims by data subjects;  
 
(c) requiring data controllers and data processors to be able to demonstrate compliance with the 
GDPR by record-keeping and appropriate technological and organisational measures; 
 
(d) increasing the amount of information to be provided to data subjects when collecting personal 
data, to ensure fair and transparent processing;

--- Page 158 ---
M-57468134-18 
158
(e) raising the bar for consent – silence, pre-ticked boxes and inactivity will not constitute consent; 
and 
 
(f) wide-ranging powers for supervisory authorities to enforce compliance. 
 
Principal changes introduced by the DPA include: 
 
(a) 
setting the digital age of consent at 16 years; 
 
(b) 
enabling a not-for-profit body (mandated by a data subject) to bring a civil action seeking 
compensation and injunctive relief on behalf of the data subject for a breach of data 
protection law; 
 
(d) 
providing investigative and enforcement powers for the Irish Data Protection 
Commissioner, including enhanced search and seizure powers, the appointment of 
expert reviewers, the drawing up of investigation reports, examining witnesses under 
oath and conducting oral hearings; 
 
(e) 
permitting the processing of personal data and special categories of data for a purpose 
other than that for which it was collected where necessary and proportionate: to prevent 
threats to national security; investigate or prosecute criminal offences, or for legal advice 
or legal proceedings; 
 
(f) 
permitting the processing of special categories of personal data (such as health data) for 
the purposes connected to insurance, pensions and the mortgaging of property; 
 
(g) 
permitting the processing of personal data relating to criminal convictions and offences in 
specified circumstances; and 
 
(h) 
establishing a number of criminal offences punishable by a fine of up to €5,000 and/or 12 
months imprisonment on summary conviction, or up to €250,000 and/or 5 years’ 
imprisonment on conviction on indictment. 
 
Regulation of the Irish Residential Mortgage Market  
 
Overview 
 
 
The primary regulatory requirements in Ireland applicable to mortgage loans are contained in the 
Consumer Credit Act 1995, as amended (the CCA) and in the European Union (Consumer Mortgage 
Credit Agreements) Regulations 2016 (the Mortgage Credit Regulations or MCR). In addition, mortgage 
loans from credit institutions (including the Issuer) to consumers are subject to general consumer laws, 
regulations and codes such as the European Communities (Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts) 
Regulations 1995 to 2000 (the UTCCR); the Consumer Protection Act 2007 (the CPA) and the CPC 2012. 
The CCMA applies to mortgage arrears, where the mortgage loan is secured on a primary residence (the 
residential property which a borrower specifies as his primary residence in Ireland or the only residential 
property in Ireland owned by a borrower), in particular.  
 
Consumer Credit Act  
 
 
Housing loans offered by credit institutions in Ireland (including the Issuer) are principally 
regulated by the CCA where the credit agreement was effective prior to 21 March 2016. Where a credit 
agreement is effective from 21 March 2016 and the borrower borrows as a consumer, then the MCR 
applies, generally in addition to certain provisions of the CCA.

--- Page 159 ---
M-57468134-18 
159
 
The CCA imposes a range of obligations and restrictions on mortgage lenders and mortgage 
intermediaries. The relevant part of the CCA applicable to housing loans is Part IX. At the date of this 
Base Prospectus, documentation for all housing loans in the Pool complies with the CCA. 
 
 
Under the CCA, a housing loan is an agreement for the provision of credit to a person on the 
security of a mortgage of a freehold or leasehold estate or interest in land for a number of purposes, 
including the purchase or construction of a house to be used as the person's principal residence, or that of 
the person's dependents.  A loan to refinance such a loan is also a housing loan.  It is also a housing loan 
if the borrower is a consumer, where that loan is secured by a mortgage and on which a house is or is to 
be constructed even if the borrower and/or his or her dependents do not intend to live there. As noted 
above, all housing loans to those borrowing for consumer purposes where the credit agreement comes 
into effect from 21 March 2016 will be covered by MCR. 
 
 
Relevant obligations under the CCA for housing loans include rules on advertising; a requirement 
to furnish the borrower with a valuation report; a requirement for information to be given to a consumer 
including warnings regarding the potential loss of the person's home; and a requirement to give 
information about fees and charges. The general rule under the CCA is that the lender must ensure that a 
borrower obtains mortgage protection insurance (life cover). Restrictions include prohibitions on the 
imposition of a redemption fee in the case of variable rate housing loans; compelling a borrower to pay the 
lender's legal costs of investigating title; and the linking of certain products to a housing loan. 
 
 
A breach of certain obligations or restrictions imposed by the CCA may constitute a criminal 
offence and may also attract administrative sanctions from the Central Bank, pursuant to its statutory 
powers, including disqualification orders and monetary penalties to a maximum of €10,000,000. 
 
 
A housing loan remains enforceable against the borrower even if there is a breach of any 
provision of Part IX of the CCA. 
 
 
Housing loans (as defined in the CCA) are given certain protections as regards the enforcement 
of mortgages under the Land and Conveyancing Law Reform Act 2009 (the 2009 Act). 
 
 
In addition, under section 149 of the CCA, licensed banks must notify their existing fees and 
charges, and any changes therein from time to time to the Central Bank, which can direct that no fees, 
charges or increases or changes therein be made without its approval. 
 
Mortgage Credit Regulations 
 
 
The MCR implement the Mortgage Credit Directive (Directive 2014/17/EU) into Irish law and set 
out a framework concerning loans to consumers secured by a mortgage or residential immovable property 
or otherwise enabling a consumer obtain (or retain) a residential immovable property or an interest in one. 
 
 
The MCR provide for, amongst other things: 
 
• 
requirements to act honestly and professionally taking account of the interest of consumers when 
devising mortgage products or providing and fulfilling mortgages; and to base actions on 
information about the circumstances of the consumer and assumptions about risks to the 
consumer over the term of the mortgage loan; 
 
• 
requirements to act in the best interests of the customer when providing advisory services on 
transactions relating to mortgage loans; 
 
• 
requirements on training and minimum competency for staff and on staff remuneration policies; 
 
• 
provision of standard information in advertising, and standard pre-contractual information by way 
of the European Standardised Information Sheet (ESIS);

--- Page 160 ---
M-57468134-18 
160
• 
adequate explanations to be provided to the borrower on the proposed credit agreement and any 
ancillary service; 
 
• 
calculation of the annual per cent. rate of charge in accordance with a prescribed formula and 
using certain assumptions where appropriate (replacing APR as provided for in the CCA for 
consumer mortgage loans); 
 
• 
assessment of creditworthiness of the borrower at the pre-contract stage and verification of 
information on the consumer’s income and expenses; 
 
• 
a framework for the protection of consumers of foreign currency mortgage loans; 
 
• 
a right of the borrower to make early repayment of the credit agreement (in effect) free of charge 
where the rate is variable; whilst allowing a lender charge compensation for broken funding on 
repayment in certain circumstances where interest rates are fixed or capped; 
 
• 
charges arising from a consumer’s default to be no greater than necessary to compensate the 
lender for costs it incurs as a result of default; 
 
• 
prudential and supervisory requirements for credit intermediaries and non-bank lenders. 
 
Breaches of certain provisions of the MCR may constitute a criminal offence and may also attract 
administrative sanctions from the Central Bank, pursuant to its statutory powers, including disqualification 
orders and monetary penalties to a maximum of €10,000,000. A breach of the MCR does not render a 
mortgage loan unenforceable.   
 
Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 
 
 
The UTCCR apply in relation to any contracts for the supply of services to consumers which 
would include mortgage loans taken out by consumers (natural persons acting for purposes outside their 
business) and their related security. A borrower may challenge a term in an agreement on the basis that it 
is "unfair" within the meaning of the UTCCR and therefore not enforceable against the borrower. In 
addition, the Central Bank, the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission or a consumer 
organisation may seek an injunction preventing the use of specific terms that are unfair or a declaration 
from the High Court that a term is unfair. 
 
Consumer Protection Code 
 
 
The CPC 2012 sets out how lending institutions (such as the Issuer) must deal with consumers 
generally and is aimed at increasing and strengthening consumer protection.  
 
 
The CPC 2012 applies to banks and building societies, insurance undertakings, investment 
business firms (other than those conducting MiFID II services), mortgage intermediaries and credit unions. 
The CPC 2012 requires regulated entities to know their customers and their suitability for products or 
services, to prepare terms of business setting out prescribed information for customers. There are also 
detailed rules on the fairness of advertising, and specific sectoral rules on banking products, loans, 
insurance services and investment products. 
 
 
Other relevant obligations under the CPC 2012 include: a requirement to supply a written 
suitability statement before providing certain services or products; a strict time period for complaint 
handling; for consolidation mortgages, an obligation to supply a written comparison detailing the total cost 
of the consolidated facility on offer versus the cost of maintaining existing loans; strict disclosure 
requirements where a lender seeks the agreement of a borrower to move from a tracker rate of interest; 
and a requirement to advise customers how to mitigate/avoid fees and penalties in respect of the chosen 
product.

--- Page 161 ---
M-57468134-18 
161
 
In addition, all regulated entities must maintain adequate systems and controls to ensure 
compliance with the CPC 2012. If requested by the Central Bank, a regulated entity must produce records 
detailing compliance with the CPC 2012. 
 
 
Breaches of the provisions of the CPC 2012 entitle the Central Bank to impose administrative 
sanctions pursuant to Part IIIC of the Central Bank Act, 1942. Such sanctions include disqualification 
orders and monetary penalties to a maximum of €10,000,000. 
 
 
The CPC 2012 was amended in 2016 by an Addendum (the 2016 Addendum). The 2016 
Addendum provides for increased transparency and protection for mortgage customers paying interest at 
a standard (i.e. non-tracker) variable rate. It obliges mortgage lenders such as the Issuer to produce a 
summary statement of its policy for setting variable mortgage interest rates, to put it on its website and to 
keep that policy up to date. The 2016 Addendum also (a) obliges the Issuer to provide this summary 
statement where it offers new personal consumers (as defined in the CPC 2012) a mortgage loan at a 
standard variable rate; and  (b) adds to the information that the Issuer must give a mortgage customer 
when it notifies the customer of a change in the standard variable rate payable by the customer (e.g. the 
notice must summarise other products provided by the Issuer that could provide savings; and must remind 
the customer about the Issuer’s summary statement and that it can be found on its website).  
 
The CPC 2012 was further amended by an Addendum in June 2018 (the 2018 Addendum) which 
is effective since 1 January 2019. The 2018 Addendum provides for the provision of increased information 
to the consumer and clear requirements and timelines regarding contact with the consumer during the 
mortgage application process. The enhanced information requirements include a requirement for 
regulated entities including the Issuer to publish a guide to mortgage switching on its website and a 
statement that the regulated entity will provide an indicative comparison of the consumer’s existing 
mortgage interest rate with alternative rates that may be offered by the regulated entity. Post sale 
information requirements have also been enhanced to include a requirement to publish a notice on the 
regulated entities website, where the interest rate is based on Loan-to-Value, advising personal customers 
if they can move between Loan-to-Value interest rate bands and if not the consumer must be notified that 
they may be able to avail of lower Loan-to –Value interest rate bands with another regulated entity. 
Furthermore where a customer is on a fixed interest rate, the 2016 Addendum requires the Issuer to write 
to the customer 60 days before it expires advising them of the default rate of interest and, where the 
default rate of interest is not a tracker interest rate, providing certain information including the following (i) 
a summary of other mortgage rates provided by the regulated entity that could provide savings over the 
default rate of interest, (ii) a statement that the personal consumer should keep their mortgage 
arrangements under review as there may be other options that could provide savings, and (iii) a link to the 
section on the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission’s website relating to switching lenders 
or changing mortgage type. 
 
On 27 July 2021, the Central Bank published an Industry Letter to relevant regulated firms to 
inform them of the publication of an Addendum to the Consumer Protection Code 2012 and an Addendum 
to the Code of Conduct on Mortgage Arrears 2013 that introduce a revised version of the Standard 
Financial Statement ("SFS").  The revised SFS becomes effective from 1 January 2022. 
 
Code of Conduct on Mortgage Arrears  
 
 
The current CCMA came into force on 1 July 2013. The CCMA is a legally binding code published 
by the Central Bank on the handling of mortgage arrears and pre-arrears. A pre-arrears case arises where 
(a) a borrower contacts the relevant lender to inform them that he/she is in danger of going into financial 
difficulties and/or is concerned about going into mortgage arrears or (b) the lender establishes that the 
borrower is in danger of going into financial difficulties. 
 
 
The CCMA applies to the mortgage lending activities of lenders (such as the Issuer) to borrowers 
in respect of their primary residence and accordingly will apply to the activities of the Issuer and to Bank of 
Ireland as Mortgage Servicer (as defined in Irish Residential Loan Origination and Servicing — Mortgage 
Servicing above). The CCMA sets out what the lender must do when managing mortgage arrears and pre-

--- Page 162 ---
M-57468134-18 
162
arrears and provides for, amongst other things, the actions that a lender is required to take to address 
mortgage arrears before resorting to repossession of the relevant property. In particular, the CCMA 
provides that a lender: 
 
 
must put in place a Mortgage Arrears Resolution Process which complies with the CCMA; 
 
 
must explore, and if appropriate, offer the borrower alternative repayment arrangements which 
may include full or partial interest only repayment for a specified period, full or partial deferral of 
the instalment repayment for a specified period, extension of the term, capitalising arrears and 
interest and any voluntary repayment scheme to which the lender has signed up under the 
CCMA; 
 
 
must not apply to the courts to seek repossession of a borrower’s primary residence until every 
reasonable effort has been made to agree an alternative repayment schedule with the relevant 
borrower in accordance with the MARP and the moratorium period, as described at (f) below, has 
expired; 
 
 
have a board-approved communications policy that will protect borrowers against unnecessarily 
frequent contact and harassment, while ensuring that the regulated entity can make the 
necessary contact to progress resolution of arrears cases; 
 
 
not remove borrowers from "tracker-rate" mortgages, unless, as part of a long term affordable and 
sustainable solution that is consistent with the Central Bank policy on sustainability; and 
 
 
must keep to a timeline before resorting to legal action. The effect of the timeline rules is that 
legal proceedings for repossession may only commence at the later of (i) 8 months from the first 
date of arrears or (ii) 3 months from the date of a letter from the regulated entity to the borrower 
advising the borrower that forbearance has been declined or that the borrower has failed to enter 
into an offered alternative repayment arrangement.  
 
 
However, under the CCMA a regulated entity may commence legal action for a borrower's 
primary residence immediately if the borrower has perpetrated a fraud on the lender or breached a term of 
contract (other than a breach resulting in arrears) or the regulated entity has classified the borrower as not 
co-operating and has notified the borrower thereof.  
 
Mortgage Arrears Resolution Targets 
 
 
Mortgage Arrears Resolution Targets are a range of measures put in place by the Central Bank to 
address mortgage arrears, including the publication of performance targets for the main Irish banks (which 
include the Group). The Central Bank will consider regulatory actions, including the imposition of 
additional capital requirements, for Irish banks that fail to meet its targets or which demonstrate poor 
resolution strategies or poor execution of their strategies. The Group has met all the relevant targets to 
date. 
 
 
The Central Bank has also set out its revised impairment provisioning and disclosure guidelines 
2013. The Group has implemented the requirements arising from these guidelines. 
 
Consumer Protection Act, 2007 
 
 
On 11 May 2005, the European Council and European Parliament signed a directive on unfair 
commercial practices. The CPA came into force on 1 May 2007 which implements the Unfair Commercial 
Practices Directive in Ireland. Under the CPA, there are four principal heads of offences; (i) unfair 
commercial practices, (ii) misleading commercial practices, (iii) aggressive commercial practices and (iv) 
prohibited commercial practices. The CPA applies to all Irish law governed consumer contracts.  
 
Distance Marketing Regulations

--- Page 163 ---
M-57468134-18 
163
 
 
The Distance Marketing of Financial Services Directive (Directive 2002/65/EC of 23 September 
2002) has been implemented in Ireland by way of the European Communities (Distance Marketing of 
Consumer Financial Services) Regulations 2004 as amended (the DM Regulations). The DM Regulations 
apply to mortgage loan agreements concluded by means of distance communication (i.e. without any 
substantive simultaneous physical presence of the originator and the borrower). 
 
 
The DM Regulations require suppliers of financial services by way of distance communication to 
provide certain information to consumers. This information generally has to be provided before the 
consumer is bound by a distance contract for supply of the financial services in question and includes 
general information in respect of the supplier and the financial service, contractual terms and conditions 
and whether or not there is a right of cancellation. 
 
 
A consumer does not have the right under the DM Regulations to cancel a housing loan (within 
the meaning of the CCA) within the 14 day cooling off. However failure by the supplier to comply with 
certain obligations under the DM Regulations may result in the distance contract being unenforceable 
against the consumer. The obligations include (i) the provision of the prescribed pre-contractual 
information to the consumer (ii) keeping a copy of all information provided to a consumer in relation to a 
distance contract in durable and tamper-proof form, (iii) providing a hard paper copy of the distance 
contract's terms and conditions on a consumer request, or (iv) changing the means of distance 
communication pursuant to a consumer request (unless to do so would be inconsistent with the contract or 
nature of the service). The discretion as to enforceability lies with the courts who, if satisfied that the 
supplier's non-compliance was not deliberate, the consumer has not been prejudiced by such non-
compliance, and it is just and equitable to dispense with the relevant obligation, may decide that the 
contract is enforceable, subject to any conditions they see fit to impose. 
 
The Personal Insolvency Acts 
 
The Personal Insolvency Acts provide for judicial and non-judicial resolution options for 
consumers deemed under the provisions of the Personal Insolvency Acts to have unsustainable 
indebtedness levels. The Personal Insolvency Acts amended existing bankruptcy provisions by reducing 
the timescale for discharge from bankruptcy from twelve years to three years and also introduced several 
non-judicial resolution options to debt resolution as an alternative to bankruptcy. The bankruptcy term was 
further reduced from three years to one year under the Bankruptcy (Amendment) Act 2015.

--- Page 164 ---
M-57468134-18 
164
Restrictions on the Activities of an Institution 
 
The ACS Acts provide that an Institution may not carry on a business activity other than a 
permitted business activity (see below), although entities which hold more than one designation (relating 
to residential and commercial mortgage credit, commercial mortgage credit and public credit activities) 
may carry out the permitted activities in respect of the relevant designations. 
 
Permitted business activities in which an Institution may engage 
 
The list of permitted business activities in which an Institution may engage (subject to the 
restrictions described below) is set out in the ACS Acts. These are: 
 
(a) 
providing mortgage credit, dealing in and holding mortgage credit assets and providing group 
mortgage trust services; 
 
(b) 
dealing in and holding substitution assets; 
 
(c) 
dealing in and holding assets that the Central Bank requires it to hold for regulatory purposes; 
 
(d) 
dealing in and holding credit transaction assets; 
 
(e) 
engaging in activities connected with financing or refinancing the classes of assets and other 
activities referred to in (a) to (g); 
 
(f) 
entering into certain hedging contracts for the purpose of hedging risks associated with the 
foregoing activities at (a) to (e) and dealing in and holding Pool Hedge Collateral; and 
 
(g) 
engaging in activities that are incidental or ancillary to the foregoing activities at (a) to (f). An 
explanation of certain of the categories of permitted business activities is set out below. 
 
Permitted business activities — (a) providing mortgage credit and dealing in and holding mortgage 
credit assets and providing group mortgage trust services 
 
The ACS Acts define mortgage credit as any kind of financial obligation in respect of money 
borrowed or raised that is secured by a mortgage, charge or other security on residential property (see 
below) or commercial property (see below), but only if the property is located in: 
 
(a) 
Ireland; 
 
(b) 
any EEA country; 
 
(c) 
Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, the Swiss Confederation, the United States of 
America, or a country specified in an order made by the Minister for Finance; or 
 
(d) 
a country, other than a country to which paragraph (a), (b) or (c) relates, that is a full 
member of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, but only if it has 
not rescheduled its external debt during the immediately preceding 5 years. 
 
For the purposes of the definition of mortgage credit, “other security” in relation to residential or 
commercial property located outside Ireland, means a kind of security interest over that property that is 
recognised as a valid security interest under the lex situs of that property. The ACS Acts also provide that 
mortgage credit includes mortgage credit in securitised form (as the term 'securitisation' is used in the 
CRD IV). 
 
The ACS Acts also authorise the Minister for Finance to designate by order credit of a specified 
kind to be mortgage credit for the purposes of the ACS Acts and to declare by order credit of a specified

--- Page 165 ---
M-57468134-18 
165
kind to be no longer mortgage credit for those purposes. As at the date of this Base Prospectus no orders 
have been made by the Minister for Finance under the ACS Acts adding to or reducing the class of credit 
constituting mortgage credit. 
 
A residential property means a building or part of a building that is used or is suitable for use as 
a dwelling, and includes the land on which the building is constructed and premises that are used in 
connection with a dwelling, such as a garden, patio, garage or shed. 
 
A commercial property means: 
 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below: 
 
(i) 
a building or part of a building fixed on land that is used, or is set aside to be used, 
primarily for the purpose of any industry, trade or other business undertaking; and 
 
(ii) 
includes the land on which such building or such part of a building, as the case may 
be, is located, and the fixtures that are used in conjunction with such building or such 
part of a building, as the case may be, 
 
(b) 
but does not include: 
 
(i) 
a building or part of a building that is fixed on land that is used, or is set aside to be 
used, primarily for the purpose of any mine, quarry or agriculture; or 
 
(ii) 
subject to the exception referred to below, a building or part of a building that is 
residential property. 
 
The exception referred to at paragraph b(ii) above provides that a mortgage credit asset secured 
on a single property asset that would otherwise constitute commercial property in part and residential 
property in part is to be regarded for the purposes of the ACS Acts as secured only on commercial 
property. 
 
A mortgage credit asset is defined in the ACS Acts as an asset or a property held or to be held 
by an Institution that comprises one or more mortgage credits and does not include Pool Hedge Collateral. 
 
Group mortgage trust services are services provided by an Institution to one or more of its 
other corporate group members: 
 
(a) 
which involve the Institution holding mortgage security or if applicable, collateral security on 
trust for one or more of such members; and 
 
(b) 
where, under that trust, the Institution holds an interest in that security for one or more such 
members and for its own behalf (i.e. assets held for regulatory purposes). 
 
Mortgage security means a mortgage, charge or other security (for the purposes of the definition 
of mortgage credit) which secures assets that comprise one or more mortgage credits, and collateral 
security means any security, guarantee, indemnity or insurance which secures, in addition to mortgage 
security, assets that comprise mortgage credit. 
 
The ACS Acts provide that, where an Institution holds mortgage security and, if applicable, 
collateral security subject to a trust as a consequence of providing group mortgage trust services to other 
corporate group members: 
 
(a) 
mortgage credit assets do not include group entity assets; 
 
(b) 
for the purpose of determining what security held by the Institution is protected under Part 7

--- Page 166 ---
M-57468134-18 
166
of the 2001 Act as part of the Pool, only mortgage security and, if applicable, collateral 
security to the extent such security secures mortgage credit assets held by the Institution are 
protected as part of the Pool; and 
 
(c) 
as regards recourse by the Institution or other group members to such security to satisfy their 
respective claims: 
 
(i) 
such claims held by the Institution for its own benefit until they are discharged in full 
rank in priority to claims held by other group members; and 
 
(ii) 
any terms of the trust or any agreement between the Institution or other group 
members purporting to provide for a different priority as between such claims is void. 
 
For the purposes of the above, group entity assets means any assets that comprise one or 
more mortgage credits held by other group members where those assets are secured by mortgage 
security and if applicable, collateral security and that security is comprised in a trust constituted for the 
purposes of group mortgage trust services. 
 
Permitted business activities — (b) dealing in and holding substitution assets 
 
The ACS Acts define substitution assets as: 
 
(a) 
deposits with an eligible financial institution; 
 
(b) 
any asset designated a substitution asset in an order made by the Minister for Finance under 
the 2001 Act, 
 
other than assets that comprise Pool Hedge Collateral. 
 
Any asset of the type referred to at (b) above must be an exposure to a credit or financial institution 
within the meaning of the Irish CRD Code. 
 
The Asset Covered Securities Act, 2001 (section 6(2)) Regulations 2007 (S.I. No. 603 of 2007) 
(the Substitution Asset Deposit Regulations) made by the Central Bank (which came into effect on 31 
August 2007) provide that an eligible financial institution for the purposes of a deposit comprising a 
substitution asset: 
 
(a) 
is any credit institution which is authorised in Ireland or any EEA member state; or 
 
(b) 
is a bank which is authorised to receive deposits or other repayable funds from the public and 
is located in Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, the Swiss Confederation or the United 
States of America; and 
 
(c) 
has, from an eligible external credit assessment institution (ECAI), a minimum credit quality 
assessment of Credit Quality Step 2 (within the meaning of the Irish CRD Code). 
 
The Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 Regulatory Notice (section 35(9B)) 2014 (the 
Substitution Asset Pool Eligibility Notice) made by the Central Bank (which came into operation on 4 
July 2014) prescribes the following additional creditworthiness standards and criteria for substitution 
assets that are included in a Pool: 
 
(a) 
a credit quality assessment from an eligible ECAI of Credit Quality Step 1 (within the meaning 
of the Irish CRD Code); or 
 
(b) 
for exposures within the EEA with maturity not exceeding 100 days, a minimum long term or 
short term credit quality assessment from an eligible ECAI of Credit Quality Step 2 (within the

--- Page 167 ---
M-57468134-18 
167
meaning of the Irish CRD Code). 
 
The Central Bank may, after consulting the EBA, allow Credit Quality Step 2 for up to 10 per cent. 
of the total exposure of the nominal value of outstanding Securities, provided that significant potential 
concentration problems have been identified in the State due to application of the Credit Quality Step 1 
requirement referred to in paragraph (a) above. 
 
The ACS Acts provide that regulations made by the Central Bank must provide for a financial 
institution or a class of financial institutions to be designated as an eligible financial institution for the 
purposes of (a) above. 
 
 
Under the ACS Acts the Minister for Finance may by order designate a specified kind of property 
to be a substitution asset for the purposes of the ACS Acts or declare a specified kind of property to be no 
longer a substitution asset for those purposes. At the date of this Base Prospectus, no such order has 
been made by the Minister for Finance. 
 
Permitted business activities — (c) dealing in and holding assets that the Central Bank requires it 
to hold for regulatory purposes 
 
The ACS Acts provide that a designated mortgage credit institution may deal in and hold assets 
of a kind that are required to be held for regulatory purposes, in accordance with a requirement of the 
Central Bank made under the supervisory enactments.   
 
Permitted business activities — (d) dealing in and holding credit transaction assets 
 
The ACS Acts define a credit transaction asset as an asset derived from having engaged in a 
credit transaction (not being a cover assets hedge contract or Pool Hedge Collateral), but does not include 
a mortgage credit asset, substitution asset, an asset required to be held for regulatory purposes or an 
asset arising from financing or refinancing activities. A credit transaction is defined in the ACS Acts as: 
 
(a) 
placing a deposit with a financial institution which has been or is of a class which has been 
designated as eligible for such purposes by regulations made by the Central Bank; 
 
(b) 
dealing with or holding a financial asset; or 
 
(c) 
any other kind of transaction designated as such by the Minister for Finance by order made 
under the ACS Acts. 
 
A financial asset for the purposes of (b) above is defined in section 3 of the ACS Acts by 
reference to section 496 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 (the TCA) and includes shares, gilts, bonds, 
derivatives and debt portfolios. 
 
The Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 (section 27(4)) Regulations, 2007 (S.I. No. 601 of 2007) 
(the CTA Eligible Financial Institution Regulations) made by the Central Bank (which came into 
operation on 31 August 2007) provide that an eligible financial institution for the purposes of a deposit 
comprising a credit transaction asset is: 
 
(a) 
any credit institution which is authorised in Ireland or any EEA member state; or 
 
(b) 
a bank which is authorised to receive deposits or other repayable funds from the public and is 
located in Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, the Swiss Confederation or the United 
States of America; and 
 
(c) 
which has, from an eligible ECAI, a minimum credit quality assessment of Credit Quality Step 
3 (within the meaning of the Irish CRD Code).

--- Page 168 ---
M-57468134-18 
168
 
Permitted business activities — (e) engaging in activities connected with financing or refinancing 
of assets and other activities referred to in (a) to (g) 
 
The ACS Acts provide that these financing or refinancing activities include (but are not limited to): 
 
(a) 
taking deposits or other repayable funds from the public; and 
 
(b) 
issuing asset covered securities (which include Mortgage Covered Securities in the case of 
an Institution). 
 
An Institution that issues a Mortgage Covered Security must ensure that the relevant security 
documentation states: 
 
(a) 
that the Mortgage Covered Security is a mortgage covered security; and 
 
(b) 
that the financial obligations of the Institution under the Mortgage Covered Security are 
secured on the cover assets that comprise a cover assets pool maintained by the Institution 
in accordance with the ACS Acts. 
 
Permitted business activities — (f) entering into certain hedging contracts for the purpose of 
hedging risks associated with the foregoing activities/dealing in and holding Pool Hedge Collateral 
 
An Institution may enter into one or more contracts (Hedging Contracts) the purpose or effect of 
which is to reduce or minimise the risk of financial loss or exposure liable to arise from: 
 
(a) 
fluctuations in interest rates or currency exchange rates; 
 
(b) 
credit risks; or 
 
(c) 
other risk factors that may adversely affect its permitted business activities. 
 
The Central Bank may, by regulatory notice, specify requirements as to: 
 
(a) 
the kind of Hedging Contracts that an Institution may enter into; and 
 
(b) 
the terms and conditions under which those Hedging Contracts, or any class of those 
Hedging Contracts, may be entered into (including those relating to Pool Hedge Collateral). 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no such regulatory notice has been published by the 
Central Bank. 
 
The ACS Acts make special provision for Hedging Contracts which relate to the mortgage credit 
assets or substitution assets that are comprised in a Pool maintained, and Mortgage Covered Securities 
issued, by an Institution (for a description of the provisions of the ACS Acts relating to the obligation of an 
Institution to maintain a Pool, see further below). Those Hedging Contracts when recorded in the Business 
Register (as to which see Cover Assets Pool and Requirements under the ACS Acts — Register of 
mortgage covered securities business) are referred to in the ACS Acts as cover assets hedge contracts. 
As to the provisions of the ACS Acts relating to cover assets hedge contracts see Cover Assets Pool and 
Requirements under the ACS Acts — Cover assets hedge contracts and Insolvency of Institutions — 
Effect under the ACS Acts of insolvency, potential insolvency or insolvency process with respect to an 
Institution. For a description of the Hedging Contracts entered into by the Issuer at the date of this Base 
Prospectus with respect to interest rate exposure relating to the Issuer's Irish residential lending 
denominated in euro, see Risk Management at the Group and the Issuer — Issuer Risk Management — 
Market Risk above.

--- Page 169 ---
M-57468134-18 
169
In relation to Pool Hedge Collateral, see Cover Assets Pool and Requirements under the ACS 
Acts — Pool Hedge Collateral and related Register. 
 
Location of assets for the purposes of the ACS Acts 
 
For the purposes of the ACS Acts: 
 
(a) 
the country in which a mortgage credit asset is located is the country in which the property 
asset that secures the relevant mortgage credit related to the mortgage credit asset is 
situated; and 
 
(b) 
the country in which a substitution asset that is an exposure for the purposes of the Irish CRD 
Code (i.e. an asset or off-balance sheet item) is located is the country in which the place of 
business of the financial institution that is the subject of the exposure is situated. 
 
In respect of (a) above, if the mortgage credit asset is an RMBS or CMBS, its location is to be 
determined by reference to the location of the property assets related to the mortgage credit assets which 
are securitised. 
 
General restrictions on certain types of permitted business activities 
 
The ACS Acts provide that an Institution must ensure that the ratio of the total principal amounts 
of all mortgage credit assets that it holds to the total prudent market value of the related property assets 
does not exceed 100 per cent. (or such other percentage as may be prescribed by regulations made by 
the Central Bank). Securitised mortgage credit assets are disregarded for the purposes of this ratio. For a 
description of the method of determination under the ACS Acts of the prudent market value of a property 
asset which is related to a mortgage credit asset, see Cover Assets Pool and Requirements under the 
ACS Acts — Valuation of assets held by an Institution. 
 
The ACS Acts specify limitations on the level of mortgage credit assets or substitution assets held 
by an Institution in the course of its general business activities which may be located in category B 
countries (for the definition of "category B countries" under the ACS Acts, see Cover Assets Pool and 
Requirements under the ACS Acts — Location of assets that may be included in a Pool). The total prudent 
market value of mortgage credit assets or substitution assets located in category B countries held by the 
Institution, expressed as a percentage of the total prudent market value of all the mortgage credit assets 
and substitution assets held by the Institution, may not exceed 10 per cent. (or such other percentage as 
may be specified by an order of the Minister for Finance) of the total prudent market value of all of the 
mortgage credit assets and substitution assets held by the Institution. For a description of the method of 
determination under the ACS Acts of the prudent market value of a mortgage credit asset or a substitution 
asset held by an Institution, see Cover Assets Pool and Requirements under the ACS Acts — Valuation of 
assets held by an Institution.   
 
An Institution is required to ensure that the total value of the credit transaction assets that it holds, 
expressed as a percentage of the total value of all of the Institution's assets, does not at any time exceed 
10 per cent. (or such other percentage as may be specified by an order of the Minister for Finance) of the 
total value of all of the Institution's assets. For a description of the method of determination under the ACS 
Acts of the value of credit transaction assets held by an Institution, see Cover Assets Pool and 
Requirements under the ACS Acts — Valuation of assets held by an Institution.   
 
The ACS Acts empower the Central Bank, by giving notice in writing to an Institution, to 
impose on such Institution or on any class of Institutions, requirements or restrictions as to the 
kinds of credit transaction assets that the Institution or Institutions may hold. At the date of this 
Base Prospectus, no such requirements or restrictions have been imposed on the Issuer.

--- Page 170 ---
M-57468134-18 
170
Cover Assets Pool and Requirements under the ACS Acts 
 
Institutions Required to Maintain Cover Assets Pool 
 
An Institution may issue Mortgage Covered Securities only if it maintains a related Pool in 
compliance with the ACS Acts. 
 
After an Institution is registered under the ACS Acts, the Institution may, for the purpose of 
establishing a Pool and enabling it to make an initial issue of Mortgage Covered Securities, include in its 
register of mortgage covered securities business, mortgage credit assets or substitution assets in 
accordance with the ACS Acts (for a description of the provisions of the ACS Acts relating to the 
requirement for an Institution to maintain a register of mortgage covered securities business, see Register 
of mortgage covered securities business below). 
 
If an Institution wishes at any time to issue further Mortgage Covered Securities, it may include in 
the relevant Pool mortgage credit assets or substitution assets as security for those Mortgage Covered 
Securities in accordance with relevant provisions of the ACS Acts. 
 
A mortgage credit asset or a substitution asset forms part of the relevant Pool only if its inclusion 
has been approved by the Monitor (for a description of the role of the Monitor, see The Cover-Assets 
Monitor). 
 
An Institution must, as soon as practicable after becoming aware that it has contravened the 
provisions of the ACS Acts summarised in the first and fourth paragraphs under this heading, take all 
possible steps to prevent the contravention from continuing or being repeated. In particular, an Institution 
is required as soon as practicable after becoming aware that a mortgage credit asset or substitution asset 
comprised in the Pool no longer meets any creditworthiness criteria specified by the Central Bank, to 
remove the relevant asset from the Pool and where required by the ACS Acts, replace the asset in 
accordance with the ACS Acts. Until those steps have been taken, the Institution may not issue further 
Mortgage Covered Securities. 
 
Cover Asset Pool maintained by the Issuer 
 
The Pool contains on the date of this Base Prospectus mortgage credit assets, substitution assets 
and cover assets hedge contracts subject to the limitations provided for in the ACS Acts. The ACS Acts 
permit the composition of the Pool to be dynamic and do not require it to be static. Accordingly, the 
composition of mortgage credit assets (and other permitted assets) comprised and to be comprised in the 
Pool will change from time to time after the date hereof in accordance with the ACS Acts. 
 
As described further below, the ACS Acts permit the inclusion in the Pool of: 
 
(a) 
mortgage credit assets and substitution assets which are located for the purposes of 
the ACS Acts outside of Ireland or the United Kingdom; 
 
(b) 
mortgage credit assets secured on commercial property; and 
 
(c) 
certain CMBS and RMBS, 
 
subject where applicable to certain creditworthiness standards or criteria and limits. 
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the mortgage credit assets that the Issuer has included and 
intends to include in the Pool consist of mortgage credit assets located in Ireland and secured primarily on 
residential property for the purposes of the ACS Acts. The substitution assets that the Issuer has included 
and intends to include in the Pool at the date of this Base Prospectus consist of deposits with Bank of 
Ireland. The Issuer has not, at the date of this Base Prospectus, included CMBS or RMBS in the Pool.

--- Page 171 ---
M-57468134-18 
171
Subject to the provisions of the ACS Acts, including the approvals and consents required under 
and the limits set out in the ACS Acts, the Issuer may include in the Pool mortgage credit assets or 
substitution assets located for the purposes of the ACS Acts in the United Kingdom or other jurisdictions 
permitted by the ACS Acts, mortgage credit assets the related loans under which are secured over 
commercial property and CMBS and RMBS, in each case to the extent permitted by the ACS Acts. 
However, the Issuer does not intend to include in the Pool either (i) mortgage credit assets the related 
loans under which have their primary security over commercial property, (ii) mortgage credit assets or 
substitution assets which are located for the purposes of the ACS Acts outside Ireland, (iii) mortgage 
credit assets the related loans under which are not denominated in euro or (iv) RMBS or CMBS without, in 
each case, first obtaining from Moody's (for so long as the Securities are rated by such rating agency) a 
confirmation that any such action will not result in a downgrade of the rating then ascribed by such rating 
agency to the Securities. However, the Issuer will not include in the Pool in any circumstance any asset-
backed securities which do not satisfy the ECB eligibility criteria for covered bonds as set out in Article 80 
of the Guideline on the implementation of the Eurosystem monetary policy framework (recast) 
(ECB/2014/60).   
 
A mortgage credit asset or substitution asset may only be included in or removed from the Pool if 
the Monitor agrees to its inclusion or removal and it is permitted by the ACS Acts. Accordingly, any 
alterations to the composition of the Issuer’s Pool as described above will require the Monitor's approval.  
 
Circumstances in which an asset may not be included in a Pool 
 
The ACS Acts provide that an Institution, when issuing Mortgage Covered Securities, may not 
include a mortgage credit asset or substitution asset in a Pool if: 
 
(a) 
the mortgage credit asset or substitution asset is currently included in a different Pool 
maintained by the Institution; 
 
(b) 
the mortgage credit asset or substitution asset is non-performing; 
 
(c) 
the Institution is insolvent (for a description of the meaning of "insolvent" for the purposes of 
the ACS Acts, see Insolvency of Institutions - Meaning of 'insolvent', 'potentially insolvent' and 
'insolvency process' for the purposes of the ACS Acts below); 
 
(d) 
the Central Bank has given the Institution a direction under certain provisions of legislation 
relevant to financial institutions, the effect of which is to prohibit the asset from being 
recorded in the Institution's register of mortgage covered securities business; 
 
(e) 
the Central Bank has given the Institution a notice under the ACS Acts informing the 
Institution that the Central Bank intends to seek the consent of the Minister for Finance to the 
revocation of the registration of the Institution as a designated mortgage credit institution (for 
a description of the circumstances in which the Central Bank may revoke the registration of 
an Institution as a designated mortgage credit institution, see Registration of 
Institutions/Revocation of Registration — Revocation of Registration below); or 
 
(f) 
the Central Bank has given a direction under certain provisions of the ACS Acts, the effect of 
which is to prohibit the asset from being recorded in the Institution's register of mortgage 
covered securities business (for a description of the circumstances in which the Central Bank 
may make such an order, see Registration of Institutions/Revocation of Registration — 
Direction of the Central Bank requiring an Institution to suspend its business). 
 
In relation to (b) above, non-performing is defined in the 2001 Act in the context of an Institution 
to mean that the relevant asset: 
 
(i) 
is in the course of being foreclosed or otherwise enforced; or

--- Page 172 ---
M-57468134-18 
172
(ii) 
in the case of mortgage credit assets for which the related mortgage credit is of a kind 
referred to in section 4(1) of the 2001 Act (but excluding securitised mortgage credit assets) 
(see the first paragraph of Restrictions on the Activities of an Institution — Permitted business 
activities (a) providing mortgage credit and dealing in and holding mortgage credit assets and 
providing group mortgage trust services), has one or more payments of principal or interest 
payable on the related credit in arrears and those payments are referable to a period of 3 
months or more; or 
 
(iii) 
in relation to kinds of assets other than those referred to at (ii) above, has one or more 
payments of principal or interest payable on the related credit in arrears for 10 days or more. 
 
The ACS Acts provide that an Institution may not, without the consent of the Central Bank, 
include a mortgage credit asset or substitution asset in a Pool maintained by the Institution if: 
 
(a) 
the Institution is potentially insolvent (for a description of the meaning of "potentially 
insolvent" for the purposes of the ACS Acts see Insolvency of Institutions — Meaning of 
'insolvent', 'potentially insolvent' and 'insolvency process' for the purposes of the ACS Acts); 
or 
 
(b) 
there is currently no Monitor appointed in respect of the Institution. 
 
The Central Bank has under the Substitution Asset Pool Eligibility Notice imposed 
creditworthiness standards and criteria in respect of substitution assets which may be comprised in the 
Pool. The Substitution Asset Pool Eligibility Notice distinguishes between substitution assets which have a 
maximum maturity of 100 days and those which do not. See Cover Assets Pool and Requirements under 
the ACS Acts — Restrictions on inclusion of substitution assets in the Pool. 
 
The Central Bank has under the Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 Regulatory Notice (section 
41A(4), (5) and (7)) 2011 imposed creditworthiness standards and criteria in respect of securitised 
mortgage credit assets which may be comprised in the Pool. See Cover Assets Pool and Requirements 
under the ACS Acts — Restrictions on inclusion of securitised mortgage credit assets in the Pool. 
 
An Institution must, as soon as practicable after becoming aware that it has contravened the 
provisions of the ACS Acts summarised under this heading, take all possible steps to prevent the 
contravention from continuing or being repeated or, as applicable, remove the relevant asset from the 
Pool and, where required, replace it. Until those steps have been taken, the Institution may not issue 
further Mortgage Covered Securities. 
 
Location of assets that may be included in a Pool 
 
The ACS Acts provide that any mortgage credit asset or substitution asset located within an EEA 
country or within one or more category A countries (see below) may be included in a Pool. In relation to 
the meaning of located for the purposes of the ACS Acts, see Restrictions on the activities of an Institution 
— Location of assets for the purposes of the ACS Acts. However, in relation to substitution assets, see 
further — Restriction on inclusion of substitution assets in a Pool. 
 
Mortgage credit assets or substitution assets that are located in one or more category B countries 
(see below) may not be included in a Pool maintained by an Institution under the ACS Acts. 
 
A category A country is Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, the Swiss Confederation, the 
United States of America, or a country specified in an order made by the Minister for Finance. 
 
A category B country is a country, other than a category A country or a member of the EEA, that 
is a full member of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, but only if it has not re-
scheduled its external debt during the immediately preceding 5 years.

--- Page 173 ---
M-57468134-18 
173
An Institution must, as soon as practicable after becoming aware that it has contravened the 
provisions of the ACS Acts summarised above at the first and second paragraph under this heading, take 
all possible steps to prevent the contravention from continuing or being repeated. Until those steps have 
been taken, the Institution may not issue any further Mortgage Covered Securities. 
 
The Monitor must monitor the Institution's compliance with the requirements summarised under 
this heading and take reasonable steps to verify that the Institution will not be in contravention of the 
above restrictions before the Institution issues Mortgage Covered Securities or enters into a cover assets 
hedge contract. 
 
Restrictions on inclusion of certain types of mortgage credit assets in a Pool 
 
An Institution may not include in a Pool maintained by it a mortgage credit asset that is secured 
on commercial property if, after inclusion of the asset in the Pool, the total prudent market value of all 
mortgage credit assets so secured would exceed 10 per cent. (or such other per cent. as may be 
prescribed by regulations made by the Central Bank) of the total prudent market value of all mortgage 
credit assets and substitution assets then comprised in the Pool. 
 
The Monitor must monitor the Institution's compliance with this requirement and take reasonable 
steps to verify that the Institution will not be in contravention of the above restriction before the Institution 
issues Mortgage Covered Securities or enters into a cover assets hedge contract. 
 
Under the ACS Acts, an Institution may not include a mortgage credit asset in a Pool maintained 
by it if a building related to that mortgage credit asset is being or is to be constructed until the building is 
ready for occupation as a commercial or residential property (development property), unless a nil value 
is attributed to the relevant mortgage credit asset for the purposes of the financial matching, Regulatory 
Overcollateralisation and Contractual Overcollateralisation requirements, or the mortgage covered asset 
concerned is not required to satisfy those requirements because sufficient cover assets are comprised in 
the Pool which met the requirements of the ACS Acts. 
 
An Institution must, as soon as practicable after becoming aware that it has contravened the 
provisions of the ACS Acts summarised above under this heading, take all possible steps to prevent the 
contravention from continuing or being repeated. Until those steps have been taken, the Institution may 
not issue any further Mortgage Covered Securities. 
 
Restrictions on inclusion of securitised mortgage credit assets in the Pool 
 
Under the ACS Acts, securitised mortgage credit assets may be included in a Pool where they 
meet any creditworthiness criteria and limits as to the percentage of the Pool specified by the Central 
Bank in regulatory notices. The Central Bank is required when making any such regulatory notice to have 
regard to any relevant standards of criteria applicable to covered bonds under the Irish CRD Code. Where 
a securitised mortgage credit asset comprised in the Pool ceases to meet any creditworthiness criteria 
specified by the Central Bank, the Institution concerned must remove the asset from the Pool and where 
required by the ACS Acts, replace the relevant asset. 
 
The Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 Regulatory Notice (section 41 A(4), (5) and (7)) 2011 
made by the Central Bank (which came into operation on 9 December 2011) provides that: 
 
(a) 
securitised mortgage credit assets comprised in a Pool are required to have a credit quality 
assessment of Credit Quality Step 1 based on their long-term or, as applicable, short term 
rating from an eligible ECAI and the ratings mapping process as set out in the CRD. For the 
above purposes, Credit Quality Step 1 has the meaning given to it in the Irish CRD Code; 
 
(b) 
the applicable percentage for the purposes of the provisions of the ACS Acts which permit 
the Central Bank to restrict the level of securitised mortgage credit assets comprised in a 
Pool to a percentage., subject to (c) below, is 10 per cent. of the principal or nominal amount

--- Page 174 ---
M-57468134-18 
174
outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Securities issued by the Institution;  
 
(c) 
prior to 31 December 2013, the restriction referred to at (b) above does not apply where the 
securitised mortgage credit assets representing the amount greater than the 10 per cent. 
referred to in (b) above have a credit quality assessment by a nominated eligible ECAI which 
is the most favourable category of credit assessment made by the eligible ECAI in respect of 
covered bonds; 
 
(d) 
any securitised mortgage credit asset held by an Institution outside a Pool must have a 
minimum credit quality assessment of Credit Quality Step 2 (within the meaning of the Irish 
CRD Code), based on the long-term or, as applicable, short term rating from an eligible ECAI 
and the ratings mapping process as set out in the CRD IV. 
 
The Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 Regulatory Notice (section 41A(4), (5) and (7) 2011 
repealed and replaced the Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 Regulatory Notice (section 41A(4), (5) and 
(7)) 2007. 
 
In addition to meeting any creditworthiness criteria and limits as to percentage of the Pool 
referred to above, in order to be included in the Pool securitised mortgage credit assets must also satisfy 
the following requirements:  
 
(i) 
the securitisation entity which is the issuer of the securitised mortgage credit assets must be 
established under and be subject to the laws of an EEA country; 
 
(ii) 
at least 90 per cent. of the assets held directly or indirectly by the securitisation entity must be 
assets comprising one or more mortgage credits (disregarding certain assets for that 
purpose); and 
 
(iii) 
the securitised mortgage credit assets must meet prudent market value requirements 
specified in the ACS Acts. Those requirements reflect valuation criteria with respect to 
securitised mortgage credit collateral for covered bonds under the Irish CRD Code and may 
be expanded in a regulatory notice made by the Central Bank under the ACS Acts. 
 
Financial matching criteria for a Pool and related Mortgage Covered Securities 
 
The ACS Acts set out certain financial matching criteria which are required to be met by an 
Institution in respect of its Pool and Mortgage Covered Securities. These criteria are that: 
 
(a) 
the Pool maintained by an Institution has a duration (see below) of not less than that of the 
Mortgage Covered Securities that relate to the Pool; 
 
(b) 
the prudent market value (see below) of the Pool is greater than the total of the principal 
amounts of those Mortgage Covered Securities; 
 
(c) 
the total amount of interest payable in a given period of 12 months in respect of the Pool is 
during that 12 month period not less than the total amount of interest payable in respect of 
that period on those Mortgage Covered Securities; and 
 
(d) 
the currency in which each mortgage credit asset and each substitution asset included in the 
Pool is denominated is the same as the currency in which those Mortgage Covered 
Securities are denominated, 
 
in each case, after taking into account, in the case of paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) above the effect 
of any cover assets hedge contract that the Institution has entered into in relation to the Pool and those 
Mortgage Covered Securities (but disregarding for these purposes the effect of any Pool Hedge Collateral) 
and in the case of (a) above, certain loan to value restrictions.

--- Page 175 ---
M-57468134-18 
175
 
Meaning of "duration" of a Pool or Mortgage Covered Securities 
 
For the purposes of paragraph (a) above duration in the ACS Acts means, in relation to a Pool or 
Mortgage Covered Securities secured on the Pool, a weighted average term to maturity of the relevant 
principal amount of the mortgage credit assets and substitution assets comprised in the Pool or those 
securities, as the case may be, determined in accordance with a formula or criteria specified in a 
regulatory notice by the Central Bank and taking into account the effect of any cover asset hedge contract 
entered into by the Institution in relation to the Pool or those securities, or both, as the case may be. 
 
The Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 Regulatory Notice (sections 32(10) and 47(10) 2007 (the 
Duration Regulatory Notice)) sets out the formulae and criteria for the purpose of the definition of 
"duration" contained in ACS Acts. The Duration Regulatory Notice repeals the Assets Covered Securities 
Act 2001 Regulatory Notice (section 32(10)) 2004. 
 
Loan-to-value restrictions on the valuation of mortgage credit assets and related property assets 
 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above, if the principal amount of a mortgage credit asset (other 
than a securitised mortgage credit asset) included in a Pool represents more than the percentage. (LTV) 
specified below of the prudent market value of the related property assets, the amount by which the 
principal amount of the asset exceeds such percentage is to be disregarded. 
 
The relevant LTV is: 
 
(a) 
75 per cent. in the case of a mortgage credit asset that comprises residential property; and 
(b) 
60 per cent. in the case of a mortgage credit asset that comprises commercial property, 
 
or, in each case, such other percentage as may be specified in an order made by the Minister for 
Finance. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no such other percentage has been specified by the 
Minister for Finance. 
 
As described further under Valuation of assets held by an Institution — Valuation of Relevant 
Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets below, the prudent market value of CMBS or RMBS for the purpose of 
the financial matching and overcollateralisation requirements is the lesser of the three following amounts, 
namely, (i) the principal amount of the securitised mortgage credit asset, (ii) the principal amount of the 
underlying liens (or loans) and (iii) a maximum LTV with respect to the underlying loans of 60 per cent. in 
the case of CMBS or 80 per cent. in the case of RMBS. These limits reflect the valuation limits under the 
CRD IV for securitised mortgage credit which collateralises covered bonds. 
 
The prudent market value of a property asset, which relates to mortgage credit assets (where 
relevant) is required to be calculated at such times as the Central Bank specifies in a regulatory notice, 
after having regard to the valuation requirements applicable to covered bonds under the Irish CRD Code. 
 
The Monitor must monitor the Institution's compliance with the above requirements and take 
reasonable steps to verify that the Institution will not be in contravention of the above requirements before 
the Institution issues Mortgage Covered Securities or enters into a cover assets hedge contract. 
 
An Institution must, as soon as practicable after becoming aware that it has failed to comply with 
the provisions of the ACS Acts summarised above under this heading, take all possible steps to comply 
with that provision. Until those steps have been taken, the Institution may not issue any further Mortgage 
Covered Securities. 
 
Overcollateralisation 
 
For the purposes of the requirement to ensure that the prudent market value of the Pool is greater 
than the total of the principal amounts of Mortgage Covered Securities that relate to the Pool, an Institution

--- Page 176 ---
M-57468134-18 
176
is required to maintain a minimum level of Regulatory Overcollateralisation of its Pool with respect to the 
Mortgage Covered Securities in issue which are secured on the Pool. For this purpose, Regulatory 
Overcollateralisation means that the prudent market value of the mortgage credit assets and substitution 
assets comprised in the Pool, expressed as a percentage of the total nominal or principal amounts of the 
Mortgage Covered Securities in issue, is a minimum of 103 per cent. after taking into account the effect of 
any cover assets hedge contracts comprised in the Pool.  
 
The 
Regulatory 
Overcollateralisation 
requirement 
does 
not 
affect 
any 
Contractual 
Overcollateralisation undertakings made by an Institution requiring higher levels of overcollateralisation to 
be maintained. In this context, Contractual Overcollateralisation of the Pool with respect to Mortgage 
Covered Securities means the proportion (expressed as a percentage) of the prudent market value of the 
Pool to the total principal amount outstanding of Mortgage Covered Securities issued by the Issuer which 
are secured on the Pool. Condition 11 of the Securities requires the Issuer to maintain Contractual 
Overcollateralisation of the Pool with respect to Mortgage Covered Securities in issue at any time for so 
long as the Securities are outstanding at a minimum level of 105 per cent. (see Terms and Conditions of 
the Securities) 
 
The Monitor has agreed in the Cover-Assets Monitor Agreement to monitor compliance by the 
Issuer with its undertaking regarding the level of Contractual Overcollateralisation. See The Cover-Assets 
Monitor — Monitor to the Issuer. The Monitor is also required by regulations made by the Central Bank 
under the ACS Acts to have regard to contractually agreed levels of Contractual Overcollateralisation in 
relation to the Securities and to monitor the relevant Institution's observance of those levels. 
 
Since the Monitor must have regard to contractual undertakings with respect to Contractual 
Overcollateralisation when performing its functions under the ACS Acts, the Monitor could not agree to the 
removal or substitution of mortgage credit assets or substitution assets from the Pool if the result of such 
removal or substitution was that the then required level of Contractual Overcollateralisation would not be 
satisfied. In addition, the Monitor is required to take reasonable steps to verify compliance by the Issuer 
with contractual undertakings in respect of Contractual Overcollateralisation before the issue of any 
Mortgage Covered Securities, including the Securities. 
 
For further information regarding the Monitor, see The Cover-Assets Monitor. 
 
In addition, having regard to the criteria of the rating agencies, it is the Issuer's intention to 
maintain Contractual Overcollateralisation of the Pool with respect to Mortgage Covered Securities in 
issue at any time for so long as the Securities are outstanding. 
 
Valuation of assets held by an Institution 
 
The ACS Acts empower the Central Bank to specify, by regulatory notice, requirements in relation 
to the valuation basis and methodology, time of valuation and any other matter that it considers relevant 
for determining the prudent market value of mortgage credit assets or related property assets for the 
purposes of the ACS Acts. The ACS Acts also empower the Central Bank to specify, by regulatory notice, 
requirements in relation to the valuation basis and methodology, time of valuation and any other matter 
that it considers relevant for determining the prudent market value of substitution assets or the value of 
credit transaction assets, or the total assets held by an Institution for the purposes of the ACS Acts. 
 
Prudent Market Valuation of Irish Residential Property Assets, Irish Residential Loans and Relevant 
Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets 
 
For the purposes of calculating prudent market value, the Central Bank has made Regulatory 
Notice (Section 41(1) and 41A(7)) 2011 (the MCA Valuation Notice) which came into operation on 9 
December 2011. The MCA Valuation Notice lays down requirements in relation to the valuation basis and 
methodology, time of valuation and other matters related to determining the prudent market value of: 
 
(a) 
a property asset which is residential property situated in Ireland and which secures a

--- Page 177 ---
M-57468134-18 
177
mortgage credit asset (other than a securitised mortgage credit asset) held by an 
Institution (an Irish Residential Property Asset); 
 
(b) 
a mortgage credit asset (other than a securitised mortgage credit asset) which is secured on 
an Irish Residential Property Asset (an Irish Residential Loan); and 
 
(c) 
a securitised mortgage credit asset the related property assets of which indirectly comprise 
(in whole or in part) residential property (whether or not located in Ireland) (a Relevant 
Securitised Mortgage Credit Asset), 
 
and also specifies requirements and criteria with respect to certain matters required when 
determining the prudent market value of Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets. 
 
The Monitor is required to monitor the Institution's compliance with the MCA Valuation Notice 
under the Asset Covered Securities Act, 2001 (section 61(3)) [Irish Residential Property Loan/ Valuation] 
Regulation 2004 (S.I. No. 418 of 2004) (see The Cover Assets Monitor — Continuing duties of a Monitor). 
 
The MCA Valuation Notice is only applicable to the valuation of Irish Residential Property Assets, 
Irish Residential Loans and Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets. The MCA Valuation Notice is 
not applicable to (and the Central Bank on the date of this Base Prospectus has not published any 
regulatory notice providing for) the valuation of property assets comprising residential property located 
outside Ireland or mortgage credit assets located in Ireland for the purposes of the ACS Acts and secured 
on commercial property or of mortgage credit assets (whether secured on residential property or 
commercial property) which are located outside Ireland for the purposes of the ACS Acts. See Risk 
Factors. 
 
The MCA Valuation Notice repealed and replaced the Asset Covered Securities Act, 2001 
Regulatory Notice (sections 41(1) and 41A(7) 2007). 
 
Prudent Market Discount 
 
The Prudent Market Discount for the purposes of certain calculations which are to be made by 
Institutions in respect of Irish Residential Property Assets and Irish Residential Loans under the MCA 
Valuation Notice is that published by the Institution. The Prudent Market Discount Regulation prescribes 
that a Monitor appointed in respect of any Institution when performing its responsibilities under the ACS 
Acts must have regard to any contractual undertakings given by the Institution to apply a level of prudent 
market discount to certain calculations which are to be made by the Institution in respect of the MCA 
Valuation Notice. On 2 July 2004, the Issuer adopted and published on the Group's website 
(www.bankofireland.com), a Prudent Market Discount for the purposes of the Former Irish Residential 
Loan/Property Valuation Notice of 0.150 (or in percentage terms, 15 per cent.) and this Prudent Market 
Discount continues to apply for the purposes of the MCA Valuation Notice (which repealed and replaced 
the Former Irish Residential Loan/Property Valuation Notice).  
 
Valuation of Irish Residential Property Assets 
 
Under the MCA Valuation Notice, in order to value an Irish Residential Property Asset, an 
Institution is first required to determine the Origination Market Value (defined below) of that Irish 
Residential Property Asset. In general, an Irish Residential Property Asset, for the purposes of the MCA 
Valuation Notice, has a market value at the time of origination of the mortgage credit asset secured on 
that Irish Residential Property Asset (the Origination Market Value of that Irish Residential Property 
Asset) equal to the amount determined or accepted by the originator of that mortgage credit asset to have 
been the market value of that Irish Residential Property Asset at or about that time. 
 
Under the MCA Valuation Notice an institution is required to calculate the prudent market value of 
each Irish Residential Property Asset:

--- Page 178 ---
M-57468134-18 
178
(a) 
where the related Irish Residential Loan is comprised in a Pool maintained by that Institution, 
at the time that the Institution comprises that Irish Residential Loan in the Pool; 
 
(b) 
where the related Irish Residential Loan is comprised in the Pool, at such intervals as are 
required to ensure that the Institution complies with the requirements of the Irish CRD Code 
with respect to collateral for covered bonds in the form of loans secured by residential real 
estate; and 
 
(c) 
whether the related Irish Residential Loan is comprised in the Pool or not, at such intervals as 
may be specified by the Central Bank to that Institution from time to time so as to ensure that 
the Institution can demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Central Bank compliance by the 
Institution with the requirements of section 31(1) of the 2001 Act and, if not so specified, then 
at intervals not exceeding 12 months. 
 
Valuation of Irish Residential Loans 
 
The MCA Valuation Notice also contains requirements for determining the prudent market value 
of mortgage credit assets secured on Irish Residential Property Assets. 
 
For the purposes of the financial matching requirements in respect of a Pool and Mortgage 
Covered Securities under the ACS Acts (see Financial matching criteria for a Pool and related Mortgage 
Covered Securities above), the prudent market value at any time of an Irish Residential Loan which is 
included in the Pool of an Institution is an amount, denominated in the currency in which the related 
mortgage credit is denominated, equal to the lesser of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal or nominal amount 
of that Irish Residential Loan that is outstanding at that time and (ii) 75 per cent. (or such other percentage 
as may apply at the relevant time for the purposes of relevant provisions of the ACS Acts) of the prudent 
market value of the related Irish Residential Property Asset(s) at that time, and in each case rounded to 
the nearest whole number (0.5 or above being rounded upwards and any number strictly less than 0.5 
being rounded downwards). 
 
Under the MCA Valuation Notice, an Institution is required to calculate the prudent market value 
of each Irish Residential Loan at such intervals as may be specified by the Monitor from time to time so as 
to ensure that the Institution can demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Monitor compliance by the 
Institution with the principal matching requirements with respect to the Pool and Mortgage Covered 
Securities and Regulatory Overcollateralisation requirements under the ACS Acts and the Asset Covered 
Securities Act, 2001 (section 61(1), 61(2), 61(3)) [Overcollateralisation] Regulation 2004 (the 
Overcollateralisation Regulation) (see Financial matching criteria for a Pool and related Mortgage 
Covered Securities and Overcollateralisation above) and, if not so specified by the Monitor, then at 
intervals not exceeding 3 months (see The Cover-Assets Monitor— Continuing duties of a Monitor). 
 
The Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 (section 61(1), (2) and (3)) (Overcollateralisation), 
(Amendment) Regulations 2007 (S.I. No. 604 of 2007) made by the Central Bank (which came into 
operation on 31 August 2007) provide for technical amendments to the Overcollateralisation Regulation in 
relation to the meaning of prudent market value for the purposes of Overcollateralisation Regulation. 
References to the Overcollateralisation Regulation in this Base Prospectus are to the regulation as 
amended. 
 
Valuation of Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets 
 
The MCA Valuation Notice provides that the prudent market value of Relevant Securitised 
Mortgage Credit Assets is an amount equal to the lesser of the three amounts which are summarised 
below:  
 
(i) 
the principal or nominal amount of the Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets; 
 
(ii) 
the principal or nominal amount of the underlying liens (or loans) less any liens secured on

--- Page 179 ---
M-57468134-18 
179
the relevant property assets and which rank senior to that held by the securitisation entity 
which has issued the Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets; and 
 
(iii) 
a maximum LTV of 60 per cent. in the case of CMBS or 80 per cent. in the case of RMBS in 
respect of the loans underlying the Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets, 
 
in the case of (ii) and (iii) above: 
 
 
A. 
determined on an aggregate basis having regard to the proportion which the nominal or 
principal amount of the Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets bear to the nominal or 
principal amount of the securitisation securities issued by the securitisation entity and 
secured on the same property assets as the Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets; 
 
B. 
the ranking in terms of seniority of the Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets as 
against all such securitisation securities; and 
 
C. 
regard may be had to contracts, to which such securitisation entity is a party, the effect or 
purpose of which is to reduce the exposure of that securitisation entity in respect of the 
Relevant Securitised Mortgage Assets to fluctuations in the values of currencies concerned. 
 
Under the MCA Valuation Notice, when determining the prudent market value of a Relevant 
Securitised Mortgage Credit Asset: 
 
(a) 
the amount referred to at (i) above is the principal or nominal amount outstanding of the 
Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets concerned on the date such prudent market 
value is determined or to be determined under the MCA Valuation Notice; and 
 
(b) 
the amounts referred to at (ii) and (iii) above are to be determined by reference to the most 
recent information available to the Institution provided by or on behalf of the securitisation 
entity which is the issuer of the Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Asset and the most 
recent publicly available information relating to certain relevant matters. 
 
An Institution is required under the MCA Valuation Notice to calculate the prudent market value of 
each Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Asset and the other relevant amounts for the purpose referred 
to at (i) to (iii) above at such intervals as may be specified by the Monitor from time to time so as to ensure 
that the Institution can demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Monitor compliance with the principal 
matching requirements with respect to the Pool and Mortgage Covered Securities and Regulatory 
Overcollateralisation requirements under the ACS Acts and the Overcollateralisation Regulation (see 
Financial matching criteria for a Pool and related Mortgage Covered Securities and Overcollateralisation 
above) and, if not so specified by the Monitor, then at intervals not exceeding 3 months (see The Cover-
Assets Monitor — Continuing duties of a Monitor). 
 
Under the MCA Valuation Notice where any sum is to be converted from one currency to another 
currency, the Institution is required to base such conversion on an applicable rate available on the relevant 
date to the Institution in the interbank market for the sum concerned. 
 
Under the MCA Valuation Notice when determining: 
 
(a) 
the prudent market value of Irish Residential Loans or Irish Residential Property Assets; or 
 
(b) 
the prudent market value of Relevant Securitisation Mortgage Credit Assets or the other 
related amounts referred to at (i) to (iii) above, 
 
an Institution is required to act in a manner consistent with requirements under the Irish CRD 
Code applicable to collateral for covered bonds in the form of loans secured on residential real estate and 
that Institution.

--- Page 180 ---
M-57468134-18 
180
 
Valuations of substitution assets, credit transaction assets and total assets 
 
The Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 Regulatory Notice (section 41(3) and (5)) 2007 (the 
section 41(3)/(5) Valuation Notice) made by the Central Bank (which came into effect on 31 August 
2007) specifies requirements in relation to the prudent market valuation of substitution assets and the 
value of credit transaction assets and total assets. The section 41(3)/(5) Valuation Notice repealed the 
Asset Covered Securities Act, 2001 Regulatory Notice (section 41(3) and section 41 (5)) 2004. 
 
In relation to substitution assets, the section 41(3)/(5) Valuation Notice provides that where the 
relevant substitution assets constitute deposits with eligible financial institutions, the prudent market value 
of such deposits comprised in the Pool maintained by the Institution is equal to 100 per cent. of the 
principal or nominal amount of the deposit with the eligible financial institution. 
 
In relation to credit transaction assets and total assets, the section 41(3)/(5) Valuation Notice 
provides that the value of credit transaction assets and total assets shall be determined in accordance 
with accounting standards generally accepted in Ireland (Irish GAAP) as applied to banks. 
 
Restrictions on replacement of underlying assets included in a Pool 
 
A mortgage credit asset or substitution asset replaces an underlying asset (defined in relation to a 
Pool as a mortgage credit asset or substitution asset that is then included in a Pool) only if such 
replacement has been approved by the Monitor. The Monitor is required to monitor an Institution's 
compliance with this requirement. 
 
The ACS Acts require an Institution to replace an underlying asset with a mortgage credit asset or 
substitution asset if the underlying asset when included in the Pool contravenes or fails to comply with a 
provision of the ACS Acts, the regulations made by the Central Bank under the ACS Acts or a requirement 
of the Central Bank or the Monitor made under the ACS Acts. 
 
The ACS Acts permit an Institution in any other case to replace an underlying asset with a 
mortgage credit asset or substitution asset, provided that the replacement is not prohibited by a provision 
of the ACS Acts, the regulations made by the Central Bank under the ACS Acts or a requirement of the 
Central Bank or the Monitor made under the ACS Acts. 
 
The ACS Acts provide that an Institution may not replace an underlying asset with a mortgage 
credit asset or a substitution asset if: 
 
(a) 
the mortgage credit asset or substitution asset is currently contained in a different Pool 
maintained by the Institution; 
 
(b) 
the mortgage credit asset or substitution asset is non-performing; 
 
(c) 
the Institution is insolvent; 
 
(d) 
the Central Bank has given to the Institution a direction under certain provisions of legislation 
relevant to financial institutions, the effect of which is to prohibit the replacement from being 
made; 
 
(e) 
a notice has been given to the Institution by the Central Bank under the ACS Acts informing 
the Institution that it intends to seek the consent of the Minister for Finance to the revocation 
of the registration of the Institution as an Institution; or 
 
(f) 
the Central Bank has given a direction under the ACS Acts that prevents the replacement 
from being made.

--- Page 181 ---
M-57468134-18 
181
In relation to the meaning of "non-performing" for the purposes of (b) above, see Circumstances 
in which an asset may not be included in a Pool above. 
 
Furthermore, an Institution may not, without the consent of the Central Bank, replace an 
underlying asset with a mortgage credit asset or substitution asset if: 
 
(i) 
the Institution is potentially insolvent; or 
 
(ii) 
there is currently no Monitor appointed in respect of the Institution. 
 
Restrictions on inclusion of substitution assets in a Pool 
 
The ACS Acts prescribe that an Institution may not at any time include a substitution asset in the 
Pool maintained by the Institution – 
 
(a) 
unless the substitution asset concerned meets any creditworthiness standards or criteria 
which may be specified by the Central Bank in a regulatory notice; or 
 
(b) 
if, after including the substitution asset concerned in the Pool, the total prudent market value 
of all substitution assets then comprised in the Pool would not exceed 15 per cent. of the 
aggregate nominal or principal amount of outstanding Mortgage Covered Securities secured 
on the Pool. 
 
In relation to (b) above, the restriction does not apply to any further substitution assets comprised 
or to be comprised from time to time in the Pool for so long as the Pool is comprised of Covered Assets 
which meet, with respect to the Pool and Mortgage Covered Securities, the financial matching and 
Regulatory Overcollateralisation requirements under the ACS Acts, any Contractual Overcollateralisation 
undertaking and all other requirements of Part 4 of the 2001 Act. 
 
When determining for the purposes of the ACS Acts the total prudent value of substitution assets 
comprised in the Pool, any substitution assets represented by exposures caused by the transmission and 
management of payments of the obligors under, or liquidation proceeds in respect of, mortgage credit 
assets comprised in the Pool, are to be disregarded. Under the ACS Acts, the Central Bank may, 
however, suspend the ratio requirement if it is satisfied that to do so would facilitate the discharge of 
secured claims (claims in respect of which the rights of a preferred creditor are secured under Part 7 of 
the 2001 Act — see further Insolvency of Institutions — Effect of insolvency, potential insolvency or 
insolvency process with respect to an Institution) against the Institution. 
 
The Monitor must monitor compliance by the Institution with the above requirements and take 
reasonable steps to verify that the Institution will not be in contravention of the above requirements before 
the Institution issues Mortgage Covered Securities or enters into a cover assets hedge contract. 
 
The ACS Acts empower the Central Bank to make regulations for or with respect to any matter 
that by the ACS Acts is required or permitted to be prescribed, or that is necessary or expedient to be 
prescribed, for the carrying out or giving effect to the ACS Acts. The ACS Acts provide that the regulations 
made by the Central Bank under this provision may prescribe kinds of substitution assets which may be 
included in a Pool. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no such regulations have been made by the 
Central Bank in relation to Institutions. 
 
Cover assets hedge contracts 
 
The ACS Acts provide that cover assets hedge contracts entered into by an Institution may relate 
only to: 
 
(a) 
Mortgage Covered Securities issued by the Institution; and/or

--- Page 182 ---
M-57468134-18 
182
(b) 
mortgage credit assets and/or substitution assets that are comprised in the Pool maintained 
by that Institution. 
 
The ACS Acts provide that a cover assets hedge contract must state, among other things, that it 
is a cover assets hedge contract entered into in accordance with the ACS Acts, and that a cover assets 
hedge contract must comply with the requirements (if any) specified in any relevant regulatory notice 
published by the Central Bank. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Central Bank has not published 
a regulatory notice specifying any such requirements. 
 
The ACS Acts provide that as soon as practicable after entering into a cover assets hedge 
contract, an Institution is required to ensure that particulars of the contract are entered into its Business 
Register. An Institution must remove from its Business Register a cover assets hedge contract if the 
contract has been discharged or the counterparty has so agreed. 
 
The interest rate exposure of the Issuer relating to its mortgage credit assets located in Ireland 
and secured over residential property for the purposes of the ACS Acts which are comprised in the Pool is 
managed through a combination of matched funding and the Pool Hedge. The Pool Hedge is a cover 
assets hedge contract for the purposes of the ACS Acts. 
 
The Issuer operates a net funding model, primarily utilising Mortgage Covered Securities to fund 
the mortgages on its own balance sheet. With respect to fixed-rate issued Mortgage Covered Securities, 
Bank of Ireland pays to the Issuer under the cover assets hedge contracts an amount related to the fixed 
interest rate payable on the relevant Mortgage Covered Securities on a notional amount equal to the 
principal amount outstanding of the relevant Mortgage Covered Securities and on a monthly basis the 
Issuer pays to Bank of Ireland an amount related to the ECB base rate on that notional amount. 
 
With respect to issued floating-rate Mortgage Covered Securities, Bank of Ireland pays under the 
cover assets hedge contracts an amount related to the floating interest rate payable on the relevant 
Mortgage Covered Securities on a notional amount equal to the principal amount outstanding of the 
relevant Mortgage Covered Securities and on a monthly basis the Issuer pays to Bank of Ireland an 
amount related to the ECB base rate on that notional amount. 
 
Under the terms of the Pool Hedge with Bank of Ireland, in the event that the relevant rating of 
Bank of Ireland is downgraded by a rating agency appointed by the Issuer in respect of the Securities 
below the rating(s) specified in the Pool Hedge, Bank of Ireland is required, in accordance with the Pool 
Hedge, to take certain remedial measures which may include providing collateral for its obligations under 
the Pool Hedge, arranging for its obligations under the Pool Hedge to be transferred to an entity with the 
ratings required by the relevant rating agency, procuring another entity with the ratings required by the 
relevant rating agency to become co-obligor in respect of its obligations under the Pool Hedge, or taking 
such other action as it may agree with the relevant rating agency. A failure to take such steps allows the 
Issuer to terminate the Pool Hedge. 
 
If the Issuer includes in the Pool mortgage credit assets, located for the purposes of the ACS Acts 
in Ireland and secured on commercial property, CMBS, RMBS or mortgage credit assets (whether 
secured on residential property or commercial property) which are located outside of Ireland for the 
purposes of the ACS Acts, or mortgage assets which are not denominated in euro or issues Mortgage 
Covered Securities which are not denominated in euro, the Pool Hedge referred to above does not hedge 
any interest rate risks associated with those mortgage credit assets or, as applicable, Mortgage Covered 
Securities and any such risks would have to be addressed by amending the above hedging arrangements 
or putting in place new hedging arrangements which may be with counterparties other than Bank of 
Ireland. See Risk Factors – Cover Assets Hedge Contracts. 
 
Pool Hedge Collateral and Collateral Register 
 
Under the ACS Acts Pool Hedge Collateral is a category of asset distinct from mortgage credit 
assets, substitution assets and other categories of assets which an Institution may deal in or hold. Pool

--- Page 183 ---
M-57468134-18 
183
Hedge Collateral means assets or property provided to an Institution by or on behalf of any other 
contracting party to a cover assets hedge contract where the terms of the cover assets hedge contract: 
 
(a) 
provide for the absolute transfer by way of collateral of the asset or property to the 
Institution (as opposed to by way of security); or 
 
(b) 
provide for the transfer of the asset or property by way of security and give the Institution the 
right to deal with the asset or property under the security as if the Institution were the 
absolute owner of that asset or property. 
 
An Institution is required to establish and maintain a register in respect of any Pool Hedge 
Collateral that it holds from time to time, called the register of pool hedge collateral (the Collateral 
Register), which is to be kept separate from the Business. An Institution is required to include in the 
register of pool hedge collateral, among other things, particulars of the Pool Hedge Collateral it holds from 
each counterparty to a cover assets hedge contract and particulars of the cover assets hedge contracts 
that relate to the Pool Hedge Collateral. Unless the Central Bank otherwise requires (whether generally in 
respect of all Institutions or individually in respect of any given Institution) or the Institution is potentially 
insolvent or insolvent, the consent of the Monitor is not required for an Institution to make, amend or 
delete an entry in its Collateral Register. 
 
The Central Bank may, by regulatory notice, specify requirements in relation to: 
 
(a) 
the type of assets or property that qualify as Pool Hedge Collateral; 
 
(b) 
the maintenance and operation of the Collateral Register; 
 
(c) 
particulars that an Institution shall include in its Collateral Register; 
 
(d) 
the circumstances in which the consent of the Monitor is required for an Institution to make, 
amend or delete an entry in the Collateral Register. 
 
The Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 Regulatory Notice (section 30(15) and 45(15)) 2007 
made by the Central Bank (which came into operation on 31 August 2007) provides that: 
 
(a) 
the Collateral Register must contain particulars detailing, in respect of any Pool Hedge 
Collateral, the cover assets hedge contract(s) for which such Pool Hedge Collateral has been 
provided; and 
 
 
an Institution must maintain the Collateral Register at the registered office or head office of 
the Institution or at such other office as has been notified to the Central Bank in writing, and 
in any event must maintain such register at an office located in Ireland. 
 
Use of realised proceeds of Cover Assets 
 
The ACS Acts provide that money received by an Institution as the proceeds of realising a cover 
asset forms part of the relevant Pool, until it is used to create or acquire permitted mortgage credit assets 
or substitution assets for inclusion in the Pool, to discharge secured claims under the ACS Acts (see 
further Insolvency of Institutions - Effect under the ACS Acts of insolvency, potential insolvency or 
insolvency process with respect to an Institution), is released from the Pool as an underlying asset and is 
replaced by other mortgage credit assets or substitution assets, or is released from the Pool in 
accordance with the ACS Acts as summarised in the next paragraph below. The Monitor is responsible for 
monitoring the Institution's compliance with this requirement. 
 
Release of underlying assets from a Pool 
 
An Institution may, with the prior consent of the Monitor concerned, release underlying assets

--- Page 184 ---
M-57468134-18 
184
(including money received by the Institution as the proceeds of a relevant Cover Asset) from the Pool if 
the assets are not required to be included in the Pool to secure secured claims. The Monitor is responsible 
for monitoring the Institution's compliance with this requirement. 
 
Register of mortgage covered securities business 
 
The ACS Acts provide that for the purposes of the ACS Acts an asset is, except as described 
under — Use of realised proceedings of Cover Assets, included in, or removed from, a Pool when the 
appropriate particulars are recorded in the register of mortgage covered securities business (Business 
Register) maintained by the Institution. 
 
An Institution is required to establish and keep a Business Register in respect of: 
 
(a) 
the Mortgage Covered Securities it has issued; 
 
(b) 
the cover assets hedge contracts that it has entered into; and 
 
(c) 
the mortgage credit assets and substitution assets that it holds as security for those Mortgage 
Covered Securities and contracts. 
 
The Monitor must monitor compliance by the Institution with the above requirement and take 
reasonable steps to verify that the Institution will not be in contravention of the above requirement before 
the Institution issues Mortgage Covered Securities or enters into a cover assets hedge contract. The 
Central Bank may make regulations specifying other particulars which must be recorded by an Institution 
in its Business Register. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no such regulations have been made by 
the Central Bank. 
 
An Institution may make, delete or amend an entry in the Business Register only with the consent 
of the Monitor or the Central Bank, unless regulations made by the Central Bank provide otherwise (as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, no regulations made by the Central Bank provide otherwise). The 
Monitor must monitor compliance by the Institution with the above requirement and take reasonable steps 
to verify that the Institution will not be in contravention of the above requirement before the Institution 
issues Mortgage Covered Securities or enters into a cover assets hedge contract. 
 
An Institution is required to keep the Business Register in such place as may be prescribed by the 
regulations made by the Central Bank. In the Asset Covered Securities Act, 2001 (sections 38(6) and 
53(6)) Regulations, 2002 (S.I. No. 382 of 2002), the Central Bank prescribed the registered or head office 
of the Institution, or such other office as may be notified in writing to the Central Bank for such purposes, 
and which in each case must be in Ireland, as the place at which such Institution's Business Register must 
be kept. 
 
The ACS Acts provide that an Institution is required to at all times to provide access to the 
Institution's Business Register to the Central Bank and the Monitor appointed in respect of such Institution, 
and to permit each such person to take copies of the Business Register or any entry in the Business 
Register at the Institution's expense. 
 
Financial Statements 
 
The ACS Acts provide that an Institution shall include the following information in its annual 
financial statement, or in a document accompanying the statement, in respect of mortgage credit assets 
that are recorded in the Institution's Business Register (and, accordingly, its Pool): 
 
(a) 
the number of mortgage credit assets, as at the date to which the statement is made up, with 
the amounts of principal outstanding in respect of the related credits being specified in 
tranches of:

--- Page 185 ---
M-57468134-18 
185
(i) 
€100,000 or less; 
 
(ii) 
more than €100,000 but not more than €200,000; 
 
(iii) 
more than €200,000 but not more than €500,000; and 
 
(iv) 
more than €500,000; 
 
(b) 
the geographical areas in which the related property assets are located, and the number and 
percentage of those assets held in each of those areas; 
 
(c) 
whether or not mortgage credit assets are non-performing as at that date, and if they are: 
 
(i) 
the number of those assets as at that date; and 
 
(ii) 
the total amount of principal outstanding in respect of those assets at that date; 
 
(d) 
whether or not any persons who owed money under mortgage credit assets had, during the 
immediately preceding financial year of the Institution (if any), defaulted in making payments 
in respect of those assets in excess of €1,000 (so as to render them non-performing for the 
purposes of the ACS Acts) at any time during that year, and if any such persons had 
defaulted, the number of those assets that were held in the Pool at the date to which the 
financial statement for that year was made up; 
 
(e) 
the number of cases in which the Institution has replaced mortgage credit assets with other 
assets because those mortgage credit assets were non-performing; 
 
(f) 
the total amount of interest in arrears in respect of mortgage credit assets that has not been 
written off at that date; 
 
(g) 
the total amount of payments of principal repaid and the total amount of interest paid in 
respect of mortgage credit assets; 
 
(h) 
in relation to any related mortgage credits that are secured on commercial property (and not 
on residential property), the number and the total amounts of principal of those credits that 
are outstanding at that date; and 
 
(i) 
any other information prescribed by the regulations made by the Central Bank. 
 
In relation to (i) above, at the date of this Base Prospectus no such other information has been 
prescribed by regulations made by the Central Bank. 
 
The above disclosure requirements do not apply in the case of securitised mortgage credit 
comprised in the Pool but in their place, an Institution is required to disclose in its annual financial 
statements or in a document accompanying the statement: 
 
(a) 
the name of the securitisation entities which are the issuers of those assets and the principal 
or nominal amount and class or title of those assets, as at the date to which the statement is 
made up; and 
 
(b) 
any information prescribed by regulations made by the Central Bank. 
 
If an Institution has a parent entity, the parent entity shall include the following information in its 
annual consolidated financial statement or in a document accompanying the statement: 
 
(a) 
the name of the Institution and any other particulars required by regulations made by the

--- Page 186 ---
M-57468134-18 
186
Central Bank with respect to the Institution; 
 
(b) 
the total amounts of principal outstanding in respect of Mortgage Covered Securities issued 
by the Institution; 
 
(c) 
the total amounts of principal outstanding in respect of the Pool that relates to those 
Mortgage Covered Securities; and 
 
(d) 
any other particulars prescribed by regulations made by the Central Bank. 
 
In relation to (d) above, at the date of this Base Prospectus no such other particulars have been 
prescribed by regulations made by the Central Bank. 
 
Surplus Cover Assets need not meet certain requirements of the ACS Acts 
 
Under the ACS Acts, for as long as: 
 
(a) 
the Pool is comprised in part of Cover Assets which meet, with respect to the Pool and Asset 
Covered Securities, the financial matching requirements and Regulatory Overcollateralisation 
requirement under the ACS Acts and any contractual undertaking made by the Institution in 
respect of Contractual Overcollateralisation; and 
 
(b) 
those Cover Assets meet the other provisions of Part 4 of the 2001 Act, 
 
then any provision of Part 4 of the 2001 Act which restricts the proportion or percentage of the Pool which 
may be comprised of certain Cover Assets or criteria or standards applicable to Cover Assets does not 
apply to any further such Cover Assets comprised or to be comprised from time to time in the Pool.

--- Page 187 ---
M-57468134-18 
187
The Cover-Assets Monitor 
 
Appointment of a cover-assets monitor 
 
The ACS Acts require every Institution to appoint a qualified person to be a cover-assets monitor 
(a Monitor) in respect of the Institution. The ACS Acts provide that an appointment of a Monitor by an 
Institution does not take effect until it is approved in writing by the Central Bank. The Institution is 
responsible for paying any remuneration or other money payable to its Monitor in connection with the 
Monitor's responsibilities in respect of the Institution. 
 
The ACS Acts provide that if at any time an Institution has no Monitor appointed in respect of a 
Pool and the Central Bank reasonably believes that the Institution is unlikely to appoint such a Monitor, the 
Central Bank may appoint a suitably qualified person to be a Monitor in respect of such Institution. (For a 
general description of the obligation of an Institution to establish a Pool, see Cover Assets Pool and 
Requirements under the ACS Acts). The appointment by the Central Bank in those circumstances may be 
on such terms and subject to such conditions as the Central Bank thinks fit. If the Central Bank has 
appointed a Monitor in accordance with the ACS Acts, the Institution concerned is responsible for paying 
any remuneration or other money payable to the Monitor in connection with the performance of the 
Monitor's responsibilities in respect of the Institution. 
 
Monitor to the Issuer 
 
The Monitor appointed in respect of the Issuer at the date of the Base Prospectus is Mazars. The 
Central Bank has approved the appointment of Mazars as Monitor in respect of the Issuer. The terms on 
which Mazars has been appointed and acts as Monitor in respect of the Issuer are set out in an 
agreement entered into on 27 August 2004 between Mazars and the Issuer, as amended and restated on 
22 October 2007 and as further amended on 23 April 2012 (the Cover Assets Monitor Agreement). The 
Cover Assets Monitor Agreement reflects the requirements of the ACS Acts in relation to the appointment 
of a Monitor in respect of an Institution and provides for certain matters such as overcollateralisation (see 
Characteristics of the Pool/Overcollateralisation — Overcollateralisation) and Prudent Market Discount 
(see Cover Assets Pool and Requirements under the ACS Acts— Valuation of assets held by an 
Institution — Prudent Market Discount), the payment of fees and expenses by the Issuer to Mazars, the 
resignation of Mazars as Monitor to the Issuer (see Resignation of a Monitor) and the replacement by the 
Issuer of Mazars as its Monitor. 
 
Mazars is a large international integrated partnership, with offices across 91 countries, a total 
headcount of 26,000 employees and a global turnover of €1.9 billion.  The Mazars Group is currently 
engaged as auditors / advisors to over 15 per cent. of top European companies together with a large 
number of publicly funded and semi state organisations. 
 
Mazars Ireland is a full member of the Mazars International Association with over 30 years' 
experience in the provision of professional services to local and international clients in the financial 
services, institutional and corporate sectors.  Its professional services include audit & assurance, tax, 
corporate finance, insolvency, consulting and corporate recovery. Based in Dublin, Limerick and Galway, 
the firm has 30 partners and over 500 staff.   
 
The above information on Mazars has been sourced from Mazars. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced and so far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from that information, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the above information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
 
Qualifications of a Monitor 
 
The ACS Acts provide that the Central Bank may, by regulatory notice, specify, among other 
things, the qualifications required in order for a person to be appointed as a Monitor.

--- Page 188 ---
M-57468134-18 
188
The Central Bank issued the Asset Covered Securities Act, 2001 Amended Regulatory Notice 
(section 59(6)) pursuant to the 2001 Act on 12 November 2002. In this regulatory notice, the Central Bank 
stated that the qualifications for an appointment as a Monitor in respect of an Institution are: 
 
(a) a Monitor must be a body corporate or partnership, comprising personnel and partners 
respectively who are members of a professional representative body. The Monitor must 
demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Central Bank that it is experienced and competent in the 
following areas: 
 
(i) financial risk management techniques; 
 
(ii) regulatory compliance reporting; and 
 
(iii) capital markets, derivatives and mortgage credit business as applicable; 
 
(b) a Monitor must demonstrate that it has sufficient resources at its disposal, and its personnel or 
partners must have sufficient academic or professional qualifications and experience in the 
financial services industry to satisfy firstly the designated credit institution and secondly the 
Central Bank, that it is capable of fulfilling this role; 
 
(c) a Monitor should possess adequate professional indemnity insurance to the satisfaction of the 
Institution; 
 
(d) the books and records of a Monitor must be held in Ireland; 
 
(e) a Monitor must not be an affiliate of the Institution or of any affiliate of the Institution; 
 
(f) a Monitor and its affiliates must not be engaged as auditor or legal advisor for the Institution or 
any affiliate of the Institution. Neither a Monitor nor any of its affiliates may provide any other 
services to the Institution nor any of its affiliates unless it is first established to the satisfaction of 
the Central Bank that the provision of such services does not and will not create any conflict of 
interest with the performance by the Monitor of its duties and responsibilities under the ACS Acts 
and the regulatory notices; 
 
(g) a Monitor must not hold any shares or similar interest in the Institution or in any affiliate of the 
Institution; and 
 
(h) save as permitted by the ACS Acts, the regulations and any regulatory notices or orders made 
under the ACS Acts, a Monitor must not be involved in any decision-making function or directional 
activity of the Institution or any of its affiliates, which could unduly influence the judgement of 
management of the Institution or its affiliates. 
 
Duties of a Monitor before an Institution issues Mortgage Covered Securities 
 
The ACS Acts provide that before an Institution issues Mortgage Covered Securities, or enters 
into a cover assets hedge contract the Monitor appointed in respect of it must take reasonable steps to 
verify: 
 
(a) that the Institution will be in compliance with the financial matching requirements of the ACS Acts 
with respect to the Pool and Mortgage Covered Securities (see Cover Assets Pool and 
Requirements under the ACS Acts — Financial matching criteria for a Pool and related Mortgage 
Covered Securities and Overcollateralisation) and will not be in contravention of certain provisions 
of the ACS Acts restricting the location of assets that may be included in the Pool (see Cover 
Assets Pool and Requirements under the ACS Acts — Location of assets that may be included in 
a Pool — Restrictions on inclusion of certain types of mortgage credit assets in a Pool) and the 
level of substitution assets that may be included in the Pool (see Cover Assets Pool and 
Requirements under the ACS Acts — Restrictions on inclusion of substitution assets in a Pool),

--- Page 189 ---
M-57468134-18 
189
as a result of issuing the Mortgage Covered Securities or entering into the cover asset hedge 
contract; 
 
(b) that the Institution will not be in contravention of certain provisions of the ACS Acts relevant to the 
maintenance by the Institution of its Business Register (see Cover Assets Pool and Requirements 
under the ACS Acts —Register of mortgage covered securities business); 
 
(c) such other matters relating to the business of Institutions as may be prescribed by regulations 
made by the Central Bank. 
 
In regard to (a) above, the Central Bank has made the Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 
(section 61(2)) (Regulatory Overcollateralisation) Regulations 2007 (S.I. No. 606 of 2007) (which came 
into operation on 31 August 2007), under which, a Monitor appointed in respect of an institution is required 
to take reasonable steps to verify that the Institution will be in compliance with its obligation to maintain 
Regulatory Overcollateralisation before the Institution issues Mortgage Covered Securities or enters into a 
cover assets hedge contract. 
 
In regard to (c) above, the Central Bank has made the Overcollateralisation Regulation (see 
Cover Assets Pool and Requirements under the ACS Acts — Valuation of assets held by an Institution — 
Valuation of Irish Residential Loans). Under the Overcollateralisation Regulation a Monitor appointed in 
respect of any Institution when performing its responsibilities under the ACS Acts must have regard to any 
contractual undertakings given by the Institution to maintain a level of Contractual Overcollateralisation of 
Cover Assets as against Mortgage Covered Securities issued by that Institution and the Monitor is 
responsible for monitoring the Institution's compliance with those undertakings. With respect to the Issuer 
and its contractual undertaking to maintain a specified level of Contractual Overcollateralisation, see 
further Characteristics of the Pool/Overcollateralisation — Overcollateralisation. 
 
The Central Bank has also made the Prudent Market Discount Regulation. The Prudent Market 
Discount Regulation provides that the Monitor when performing its responsibilities under the ACS Acts 
must have regard to any contractual undertakings given by the Institution to apply a level of prudent 
market discount to certain calculations which are to be made by the Institution in respect of the Former 
Irish Residential Loan/Property Valuation Notice and the Monitor is responsible for monitoring the 
Institution's compliance with those undertakings. See further Cover Assets Pool — Valuation of assets 
held by an Institution. 
 
Continuing duties of a Monitor 
 
The ACS Acts provide that the Monitor appointed in respect of an Institution is responsible for 
monitoring the Institution's compliance with the following provisions of the ACS Acts: 
 
(a) the matching requirements of the ACS Acts with respect to the Pool and Mortgage Covered 
Securities (see Cover Assets Pool and Requirements under the ACS Acts — Financial matching 
criteria for a Pool and related Mortgage Covered Securities and Overcollateralisation) and certain 
provisions of the ACS Acts restricting the location of assets that may be included in the Pool (see 
Cover Assets Pool and Requirements under the ACS Acts — Location of assets that may be 
included in a Pool and Restriction on inclusion of certain types of mortgage credit assets in a 
Pool); 
 
(b) the requirement that, except in certain cases specified in the ACS Acts, a mortgage credit asset 
or substitution asset replacing another asset or a substitution asset replacing another asset in the 
Pool only forms part of the Pool if the replacement has been approved by the Monitor (see Cover 
Assets Pool and Requirements under the ACS Acts — Restrictions on replacement of underlying 
assets included in a Pool); 
 
(c) restrictions under the ACS Acts on the level of substitution assets that may be included in the 
Pool (see Cover Assets Pool and Requirements under the ACS Acts — Restrictions on inclusion 
of substitution assets in a Pool);

--- Page 190 ---
M-57468134-18 
190
 
(d) the application by an Institution of realisations of mortgage credit assets or substitution assets 
comprised in a Pool under certain provisions of the ACS Acts (see Cover Assets Pool and 
Requirements under the ACS Acts — Use of realised proceeds of Cover Assets and — Release 
of underlying assets from a Pool); 
 
(e) certain provisions of the ACS Acts relevant to the maintenance by the Institution of its Business 
Register (see Cover Assets Pool and Requirements under the ACS Acts — Register of mortgage 
covered securities business); 
 
(f) the 3 per cent. Regulatory Overcollateralisation requirement in respect of the Pool and Mortgage 
Covered Securities (see Cover Assets Pool and Requirements under the ACS Acts — 
Overcollateralisation); 
 
(g) the requirements in respect of securitised mortgage credit assets that can be included in the Pool 
(see Cover Assets Pool and Requirements under the ACS Acts — Restrictions on inclusion of 
securitised mortgage credit assets in the Pool); and 
 
(h) such other matters as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Central Bank. 
 
The Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 (section 61(1)) Regulations 2007 (S.I. No. 605 of 2007) 
made by the Central Bank (which came into operation on 31 August 2007) provides that a Monitor 
appointed in respect of an Institution is responsible for monitoring the Institution's compliance with the 
obligation of the Institution under the ACS Acts to include certain particulars in the Collateral Register. 
 
The Central Bank has made, on 2 July 2004, the Asset Covered Securities Act, 2001 (section 
61(3)) [Interest Rate Sensitivity] Regulation 2004 (S.I. No. 415 of 2004) pursuant to which a Monitor 
appointed in respect of an Institution is made responsible for monitoring the Institution's compliance with 
the Asset Covered Securities Act, 2001 (section 91(1)) (Sensitivity to Interest Rate Changes) Regulation, 
2004 (S.I. No. 416 of 2004) as amended by the Asset Covered Securities Act, 2001 (Section 91(1)) 
(Sensitivity to Interest Rate Changes — Mortgage Credit) (Amendment) Regulations 2007 (S.I. No 612 of 
2007) (which came into operation on 31 August 2007) (together, the Sensitivity to Interest Rate 
Changes Regulation). The Sensitivity to Interest Rate Changes Regulation provides that the net present 
value changes arising from any of the scenarios set forth in the regulation must not exceed 10 per cent. of 
an Institution's total own funds at any time. The scenarios set forth in the regulation are: 
 
(a) one hundred basis point upward shift in the yield curve; 
 
(b) one hundred basis point downward shift in the yield curve; and 
 
(c) one hundred basis point twist in the yield curve. 
 
All calculations of sensitivity to interest rate changes are to be carried out in accordance with 
formulae set out in the schedule to the Sensitivity to Interest Rate Changes Regulation. See further Risk 
Management at the Group and the Issuer — Issuer Risk Management — Market Risk. 
 
The Central Bank has made, on 2 July 2004, the Asset Covered Securities Act, 2001 (Section 
61(3)) [Irish Residential Property Loan/Valuation] Regulation 2004 (S.I. No. 418 of 2004). That regulation 
provides that the Monitor appointed in respect of an Institution is responsible for monitoring that 
Institution's compliance with the MCA Valuation Notice. The MCA Valuation Notice makes provision for the 
prudent market valuation, valuation methodology and timing of valuation of Irish Residential Loans and 
related Irish Residential Property Assets and Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets (together with 
related amounts) (see Cover Assets Pool and Requirements under the ACS Acts — Valuation of assets 
held by an Institution). On 2 July 2004 the Central Bank also made the Prudent Market Discount 
Regulation. The Prudent Market Discount Regulation provides that the Monitor when performing its 
responsibilities under the ACS Acts must have regard to any contractual undertakings given by the 
Institution to apply a level of prudent market discount to certain calculations which are to be made by the

--- Page 191 ---
M-57468134-18 
191
Institution in respect of the MCA Valuation Notice and the Monitor is responsible for monitoring the 
Institution's compliance with those undertakings. 
 
On 2 July 2004 the Central Bank made the Overcollateralisation Regulation, which was amended 
with effect from 31 August 2007 (see Cover Assets Pool and Requirements under the ACS Acts — 
Valuation of assets held by an Institution — Valuation of Irish Residential Loans). Under the 
Overcollateralisation Regulation a Monitor appointed in respect of any Institution when performing its 
responsibilities under the ACS Acts must have regard to any contractual undertakings given by the 
Institution to maintain a level of Contractual Overcollateralisation of Cover Assets as against Mortgage 
Covered Securities issued by that Institution and the Monitor is responsible for monitoring the Institution's 
compliance with those undertakings. (see Characteristics of the Pool/Overcollateralisation — Contractual 
Overcollateralisation). 
 
Duty of a Monitor to inform the Central Bank of certain matters 
 
As soon as practicable after the Monitor has become aware, or has formed a reasonable 
suspicion, that the Institution in respect of which it has been appointed has contravened or failed to 
comply with a provision of the ACS Acts (which includes regulations made by the Central Bank under the 
ACS Acts) that relates to the responsibilities of the Monitor, the Monitor is required to provide the Central 
Bank with a written report of the matter. 
 
The Monitor is also required to provide the Central Bank with such reports and provide such 
information as the Central Bank notifies to it in writing from time to time with respect to: 
 
(a) whether or not the Institution in respect of which it has been appointed is, in the opinion of the 
Monitor, complying with the provisions of the ACS Acts that relate to the responsibilities of the 
Monitor; and 
 
(b) if in the Monitor's opinion the Institution is not fully complying with any of those provisions, the 
extent of non-compliance. 
 
Additional duties which may be imposed on a Monitor by the Central Bank 
 
The Central Bank may, by notice in writing to the Monitor appointed in respect of an Institution, 
confer on that Monitor such additional responsibilities as it considers appropriate for the effective 
management of the affairs of the Institution if the relevant Institution: 
 
(a) has become subject to an insolvency process (for a description of the meaning of "insolvency 
process" for the purposes of the ACS Acts (see Insolvency of Institutions — Meanings of 
"insolvent", "potentially insolvent" and "insolvency process" for the purposes of the ACS 
Acts); 
 
(b) is a formerly designated credit institution (for a description of when an Institution may cease 
to be designated for the purposes of the ACS Acts, see Registration of Institutions/ 
Revocation of Registration — Revocation of Registration); 
 
(c) is an Institution to which the Central Bank, reasonably believing that there may be grounds 
for revoking the registration of the Institution under the ACS Acts, has given a direction under 
of the ACS Acts prohibiting the Institution from dealing in assets, engaging in transactions, or 
making payments, except with the Central Bank's permission (for a description of the 
circumstances in which the Central Bank can give such a direction, see Registration of 
Institutions/Revocation of Registration — Direction of the Central Bank requiring an Institution 
to suspend its business); 
 
(d) is an Institution in respect of which a manager has been appointed under the ACS Acts (for a 
description of the circumstances in which a manager can be appointed to an Institution and

--- Page 192 ---
M-57468134-18 
192
the rights and powers of a manager, see Supervision and Regulation of Institutions/ 
Managers — Power of the Central Bank to appoint the NTMA or a recommended person as 
manager of an Institution). 
 
The ACS Acts provide that if a liquidator, examiner, receiver or manager is appointed in respect 
of any such Institution, the Monitor appointed in respect of the Institution may enter into arrangements with 
respect to the management of the Institution on such matters as may be specified in the notice from the 
Central Bank referred to above. Those arrangements must include arrangements relating to the payment 
of the remuneration of, and the costs incurred by, the Monitor, and will be subject to such conditions (if 
any) as are specified in the Central Bank's notice, or as the Central Bank may subsequently notify to the 
Monitor in writing. 
 
The powers of Monitors with respect to security trustees 
 
The ACS Acts makes provision for the holding by a security trustee of security (other than under 
the ACS Acts) over assets comprised in the Pool which are located outside of Ireland in order to augment 
the security provided for under the ACS Acts (see Insolvency of Institutions — Security Interests on the 
Pool). The Monitor may enter into arrangements with the security trustee in connection with: 
 
(a) their respective functions under the ACS Acts and operations relating to Cover Assets which are 
also subject to such additional security arrangements; 
 
(b) their respective functions under the ACS Acts and the enforcement or administration of Cover 
Assets which are also subject to such additional security arrangements. 
 
Duty of a Monitor to provide reports to the Central Bank 
 
If the Central Bank so directs by notice in writing, the Monitor appointed in respect of an Institution 
is required to: 
 
(a) prepare for the Central Bank, or any other person specified by the Central Bank, such reports; 
and 
 
(b) provide the Central Bank, or any such person, with such information, 
 
at such times or intervals, in relation to the exercise or performance of the Monitor's 
responsibilities under the ACS Acts and the performance by the relevant Institution of its obligations under 
the ACS Acts in so far as the Monitor is responsible for monitoring the carrying out of those obligations, as 
the Central Bank specifies in the direction. 
 
Power of a Monitor to enter an Institution's business premises 
 
A Monitor may, upon giving the Institution in respect of which it has been appointed reasonable 
notice, enter at any reasonable time during ordinary business hours any place at which the Institution 
carries on its business for the purpose of carrying out the Monitor's responsibilities in relation to the 
Institution. 
 
A Monitor who exercises its power to enter an Institution's place of business may do any of the 
following: 
 
(a) inspect the place and examine any record found in the place that the Monitor reasonably believes 
to be relevant to the performance of its responsibilities in respect of the Institution; 
 
(b) require the Institution or any person who is apparently a person concerned in the management of 
the Institution to answer any relevant questions or provide the Monitor with such assistance and 
facilities as is or are reasonably necessary to enable the Monitor to exercise or perform the 
Monitor's responsibilities;

--- Page 193 ---
M-57468134-18 
193
 
(c) require any person in the place to produce for inspection records in so far as they relate to the 
responsibilities of the Monitor; and 
 
(d) make copies of all or any part of those records. 
 
Power of a Monitor to obtain information from an Institution 
 
A Monitor may, by notice in writing to the relevant Institution, require it to give to the Monitor, 
within such period as may be specified in the notice, any specified information or record that relates to the 
responsibilities of the Monitor in respect of the Institution, but only if the information or record is in the 
possession, or under the control, of the Institution. 
 
Duties of an Institution to inform its Monitor of certain matters 
 
The ACS Acts provide that an Institution is required to keep its Monitor informed of the following 
matters: 
 
(a) such particulars of payments received by the Institution in respect of Cover Assets included in the 
relevant cover assets pool, and at such times or intervals, as the Monitor requires; 
 
(b) any failure of any person who has a financial obligation in respect of those assets to perform the 
obligation within a period of 10 or 60 days depending on the type of asset (or such other period as 
may be specified in a regulatory notice published by the Central Bank) after it was due to be 
performed; and 
 
(c) any proceedings brought in relation to those assets against any such person by or on behalf of 
the Institution. 
 
An Institution that, without reasonable excuse, fails to provide its Monitor with the above 
information commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding €1,000. 
 
Central Bank powers to require information regarding Pool Hedge Collateral to be given to the 
Monitor 
 
Under the ACS Acts, the Central Bank may require an Institution to provide the Monitor such 
information in relation to Pool Hedge Collateral held by the Institution and at such intervals as may be 
specified to the Institution by the Central Bank. 
 
Remuneration of a Monitor 
 
The appointing Institution is responsible for paying any remuneration to the Monitor in connection 
with the performance of the Monitor's duties. 
 
Priority of a Monitor on an insolvency of the Institution 
 
The Monitor of an Institution, along with any manager and any Pool security trustee that has been 
appointed to the Institution, constitute "super-preferred" creditors of the Institution. The ACS Acts provide 
that the claims of super-preferred creditors rank ahead of those of any other preferred creditors, including 
the holders of Mortgage Covered Securities. For a description of the priority afforded to the claims of 
preferred creditors of an Institution on the insolvency of such Institution, see Insolvency of Institutions — 
Effect of insolvency, potential insolvency or insolvency process with respect to an Institution. 
 
Termination of appointment of a Monitor 
 
An Institution may terminate the appointment of its Monitor only with the written consent of the 
Central Bank. The Central Bank may direct an Institution to terminate the appointment of its Monitor and to

--- Page 194 ---
M-57468134-18 
194
appoint another qualified person in place of that Monitor. The notice issued by the Central Bank making 
that direction must specify the Central Bank's reasons. 
 
Resignation of a Monitor 
 
A Monitor may resign by giving at least 30 days' notice in writing to the Central Bank (unless the 
Central Bank agrees to a shorter notice period) and include in such notice a statement of the reasons for 
its resignation. In the Cover Assets Monitor Agreement, Mazars has agreed that it will not resign as 
Monitor in respect of the Issuer unless another entity has agreed to act as Monitor in respect of the Issuer 
and the Central Bank has approved the appointment of such other entity as Monitor in respect of the 
Issuer in place of Mazars; provided that if a replacement Monitor has not been appointed within six 
months of Mazars having given notice of its intention to resign as Monitor, then Mazars will be entitled to 
resign as Monitor notwithstanding that no replacement Monitor has been appointed. 
 
Effect of the insolvency of an Institution on the appointment of its Monitor 
 
The fact that an Institution, or its parent entity or any company related to the Institution, has 
become insolvent or potentially insolvent does not affect the appointment of the Monitor appointed in 
respect of it and the claims and rights of the Monitor in so far as those claims or rights relate to the 
appointment or arise under the ACS Acts. For a description of the circumstances in which an Institution is 
regarded as insolvent or potentially insolvent for the purposes of the ACS Acts, see Insolvency of 
Institutions — Meanings of "insolvent", "potentially insolvent" and "insolvency process" for the purposes of 
the ACS Acts. 
 
The ACS Acts provide that the obligations of the Institution towards the Monitor continue to have 
effect in relation to the Institution, and be enforceable, despite the Institution, or its parent entity or a 
company related to the Institution, becoming subject to an insolvency process. 
 
If an Institution, or where the Institution has a parent entity or a company is related to the 
Institution, the parent entity or related company, becomes subject to an insolvency process, the obligation 
of the Institution to appoint and maintain a Monitor continues to have effect until the claims of all preferred 
creditors have been fully satisfied and the functions of each Monitor and manager appointed in respect of 
the Institution have been fully discharged. In such circumstances, the Monitor continues to hold office in 
accordance with the terms and conditions applicable to the appointment. For a description of the 
circumstances in which an Institution is regarded as subject to an insolvency process for the purpose of 
the ACS Acts (see Insolvency of Institutions — Meanings of "insolvent", "potentially insolvent" and 
"insolvency process" for the purposes of the ACS Acts). 
 
Powers of the Central Bank in relation to a Monitor 
 
The ACS Acts provide that the Central Bank may at any reasonable time: 
 
(a) enter any premises at which a Monitor carries on its business; and 
 
(b) inspect and take copies of any records kept by the Monitor in connection with the Monitor's 
responsibilities under the ACS Acts. 
 
Limitation on the civil liability of a Monitor 
 
The ACS Acts provide that the Monitor, officers and employees of the Monitor, and persons 
acting under the direction of the Monitor are not liable in any civil proceedings for any act done, or omitted 
to be done, by the person for the purposes of, or in connection with, performing or exercising any function 
or power imposed or conferred on the Monitor by or under the ACS Acts if the act was done, or was 
omitted, in good faith for the purposes of the ACS Acts.

--- Page 195 ---
M-57468134-18 
195
Insolvency of Institutions 
 
Effect under the ACS Acts of insolvency, potential insolvency or insolvency process with respect 
to an institution 
 
Part 7 of the 2001 Act contains provisions dealing with the effect of an insolvency, potential 
insolvency or insolvency process on the rights and obligations of an Institution and other persons 
connected with an Institution. 
 
A reference in Part 7 of the 2001 Act to Cover Assets or a Pool includes: 
 
(a) in the case of mortgage credit assets and substitution assets which constitute Cover Assets, any 
security, guarantee, indemnity and insurance held by the Institution in respect of such assets; and 
 
(b) in the case of cover assets hedge contracts, any security, guarantee, indemnity and insurance 
held by the Institution for, or Pool Hedge Collateral provided to the Institution under, such 
contracts. 
 
In addition, any reference in Part 7 of the 2001 Act to a cover assets hedge contract includes 
Pool Hedge Collateral or security provided to the Institution under or for that contract. 
 
Part 7 of the 2001 Act disapplies with respect to Institutions, the Companies Act (and every 
enactment that is to be construed as one with that Act), the Bankruptcy Acts, 1988 and 2001, the Taxes 
Acts (as defined in section 811(1)(a) of the TCA), legislation relating to the regulation of credit institutions 
in Ireland and any other enactments or rules of law relating to an insolvency process, except insofar as 
they are specified in relation to laws relevant to fraud and misrepresentation. Certain insolvency provisions 
relating to fraud continue to have effect with respect to Part 7 of the 2001 Act, in addition to any enactment 
or rule of law that would render the security or contract void or unenforceable on the grounds of fraud or 
misrepresentation. 
 
The ACS Acts provide that the fact that an Institution or its parent entity or any company related 
to the Institution has become insolvent (to which see the definition under the next heading below) or 
potentially insolvent (as to which see the definition under the next heading below) does not affect: 
 
(a) the claims and rights of holders of Mortgage Covered Securities issued by the Institution; 
 
(b) the claims and rights of a person (other than the holder of a Mortgage Covered Security issued by 
the Institution) who has rights under or in respect of any such Mortgage Covered Security by 
virtue of any legal relationship with the holder; 
 
(c) the claims and rights that the other contracting party has under any cover assets hedge contract 
entered into by the Institution; 
 
(d) the appointment of a Monitor and the relevant claims and rights of such Monitor in so far as those 
claims and rights relate to the appointment or arise under the ACS Acts (for a description of the 
role of a Monitor see The Cover Assets Monitor); 
 
(e) the appointment of a manager in respect of the Institution and the relevant claims and rights of 
such manager in so far as those claims and rights relate to the appointment or arise under the 
ACS Acts (for a description of the circumstances in which a manager may be appointed to an 
Institution, see Supervision and Regulation of Institutions/Managers); or 
 
(f) the functions of the National Treasury Management Agency under Part 6 of the 2001 Act and the 
relevant claims and rights of the National Treasury Management Agency in so far as those claims 
and rights relate to those functions (for a description of the role of the National Treasury 
Management Agency under Part 6 of the 2001 Act, see Supervision and Regulation of 
Institutions/Managers).

--- Page 196 ---
M-57468134-18 
196
 
Where an Institution, or its parent entity or any company related to the Institution becomes subject 
to an insolvency process (as to which see the definition under the next heading below), preferred creditors 
(see below) are, for the purpose of satisfying their claims and rights under Part 7 of the 2001 Act, entitled 
to have recourse to the cover assets that are included in the Pool maintained by the Institution ahead of 
members of, and contributories to, the Institution and all other creditors of the Institution, its parent entity 
or company related to the Institution. This section applies irrespective of whether the claims of creditors 
other than preferred creditors are preferred under any other enactment or any rule of law and whether 
those claims are secured or unsecured. 
 
Preferred creditors are defined in the ACS Acts as all or any of the following persons: 
 
 
the holder of an outstanding Mortgage Covered Security issued by the Institution; 
 
 
a person (other than the holder) who has rights under or in respect of any such Mortgage 
Covered Security by virtue of any legal relationship with the holder; 
 
 
a person with whom the Institution has entered into a cover assets hedge contract, but only if the 
person is in compliance with the financial obligations imposed under the contract; and 
 
 
a person who is a super-preferred creditor (see below) in relation to the Institution. 
 
The claims of a super-preferred creditors rank ahead of those of the other preferred creditors. 
Super-preferred creditors are defined in the 2001 Act in respect of an Institution as a Monitor or 
manager appointed in respect of that Institution. 
 
In addition, the claims (approved by a manager or where no manager is appointed, the Monitor) 
of a security trustee which holds security (other than under the ACS Acts) over assets outside Ireland in 
order to augment the security under the ACS Acts also have super preferred creditor status. 
 
The ACS Acts provide that the claims of the super-preferred creditors and the other preferred 
creditors have effect irrespective of when the Mortgage Covered Security, contract or appointment of the 
Monitor or manager giving rise to a claim was issued or made, of when a claim of a preferred creditor 
arose and of the terms of that security, contract or appointment. 
 
To the extent that the claims of all preferred creditors are not fully satisfied from the proceeds of 
the disposal of the Cover Assets included in the Pool maintained by the relevant Institution, such creditors 
become unsecured creditors in the insolvency process relating to the Institution, the claims of the super-
preferred creditors ranking above those of the other preferred creditors in this regard. 
 
Under Part 7 of the 2001 Act the following obligations of an Institution continue to have effect in 
relation to the Institution, and are enforceable, despite the Institution, or its parent entity or a company 
related to the Institution, becoming subject to an insolvency process: 
 
(a) obligations arising under or in respect of a Mortgage Covered Security issued by the Institution; 
 
(b) obligations arising under or in respect of any cover assets hedge contract entered into by the 
Institution; 
 
(c) obligations towards the Monitor appointed in respect of the Institution; 
 
(d) obligations towards any manager appointed to manage affairs of the Institution; or 
 
(e) obligations towards the National Treasury Management Agency under Part 6 of the 2001 Act. 
 
The ACS Acts provide that in the event that an Institution or its parent or a related company 
becomes subject to an insolvency process, the obligation of the Institution to appoint a Monitor, and the

--- Page 197 ---
M-57468134-18 
197
powers of the Central Bank and the National Treasury Management Agency with respect to the 
appointment of a manager, continue to have effect until the claims of all preferred creditors have been fully 
satisfied and the functions of each Monitor and manager appointed in respect of the Institution have been 
fully discharged. 
 
Part 7 of the 2001 Act provides that if an Institution, or where the Institution has a parent entity or 
a company is related to the Institution, the parent entity or related company, becomes subject to an 
insolvency process: 
 
(a) all Mortgage Covered Securities issued by the Institution remain outstanding, subject to the terms 
and conditions specified in the security documents under which those Mortgage Covered 
Securities are created; 
 
(b) every cover assets hedge contract relating to those Mortgage Covered Securities continues to 
have effect, subject to the terms and conditions of the contract; 
 
(c) each Monitor or manager appointed by or in respect of the Institution continues to hold office as 
such in accordance with the terms and conditions applicable to the appointment; and 
 
(d) the Institution's obligations under those Mortgage Covered Securities, or any such contract or 
appointment, continue to be enforceable. 
 
The ACS Acts expressly excludes Cover Assets that are included in a Pool from forming part of 
the assets of an Institution, its parent or a related company, for the purposes of any insolvency process 
until the claims secured by Part 7 of the 2001 Act are fully discharged. 
 
The ACS Acts provide that Cover Assets that are included in a Pool are not liable to attachment, 
sequestration or other form of seizure, or to set-off by any persons, that would otherwise be permitted by 
law so long as claims secured under Part 7 of the 2001 Act remain unsatisfied. 
 
The ACS Acts provide that an Institution may not be dissolved under an insolvency process until 
the claims and rights of all preferred creditors have been fully satisfied. However, if the High Court is 
satisfied that the Institution has no assets capable of meeting the claims and rights of those creditors, it 
may make an order dissolving the Institution. 
 
Security interests on the Pool 
 
An Institution may not create a security interest in respect of any Cover Assets in a Pool if 
Mortgage Covered Securities are outstanding or if a cover assets hedge contract is in existence and if 
such security interest would, but for Part 7 of the 2001 Act, adversely affect the priority conferred by Part 7 
of the 2001 Act on preferred creditors. If an Institution creates any such security interest, the interest is 
void and any money secured by it is repayable immediately. The ACS Acts provide that, if a cover asset 
included in a Pool is subject to a security interest which would contravene the above provisions of the 
ACS Acts, the relevant Institution is required to replace such cover asset in accordance with the relevant 
provisions of the ACS Acts. 
 
The ACS Acts permit an Institution to create a security interest in respect of its Cover Assets if: 
(a) 
the relevant assets are located outside of Ireland; and 
(b) 
the person who (directly or indirectly) has the benefit of the interest is the same person 
as the person who is entitled to security over those assets in accordance with the order 
of priority prescribed by Part 7 of the 2001 Act. 
 
For the purposes of (b) above, there may be disregarded claims over the relevant assets arising 
from mandatory laws in the relevant jurisdictions and any costs associated with administering the security 
interest and realising assets under the security interest.

--- Page 198 ---
M-57468134-18 
198
 
Meanings of "insolvent", "potentially insolvent" and "insolvency process" for the 
purposes of the ACS Acts 
 
The ACS Acts provide that an Institution becomes insolvent for the purposes of the ACS Acts in 
any of the following circumstances: 
 
(a) if the appointment of an examiner in respect of the Institution under the Companies Act, is not 
terminated or stayed within 30 days after the date of the appointment; 
 
(b) if the appointment of a liquidator in respect of the Institution is not terminated or stayed within 
30 days after the date of the appointment; 
 
(c) if the appointment of a receiver over any part of the property or undertaking of the Institution 
is not terminated or stayed within 30 days after the date of the appointment; 
 
(d) if the Institution is a company and the company is deemed to be unable to pay its debts as 
provided by relevant provisions of the Companies Act; 
 
(e) if the Institution is a building society and the High Court makes an order under the Building 
Societies Act, 1989, directing the society to be wound up on the ground that it is unable to 
pay its debts; 
 
(f) if the Institution is the holder of a banking licence issued under section 9 of the Central Bank 
Act, 1971 and: 
 
(i) the Institution is deemed to be unable to meet its obligations under that Act, or 
 
(ii) the Institution is deemed to have committed an act of bankruptcy or to be unable 
to pay its debts under that Act; or 
 
(g) if the Institution has, in relation to a Mortgage Covered Security that it has issued, failed to 
pay an amount payable in respect of the Mortgage Covered Security within 30 days after the 
amount fell due (unless the failure is attributable to administrative difficulties arising from 
circumstances that are outside the control of the Institution). 
 
The ACS Acts provide that an Institution becomes potentially insolvent for the purposes of the 
ACS Acts in any of the following circumstances: 
 
(a) 
if a petition for the appointment of an examiner is presented in relation to the Institution 
under the Companies Act; 
 
(b) 
if a petition is presented, or an effective resolution is passed, for the appointment of a 
liquidator in relation to the Institution; 
 
(c) 
if a receiver over any assets of the Institution is appointed; or 
 
(d) 
if the Institution has, in relation to a Mortgage Covered Security that it has issued, failed 
to pay an amount payable in respect of the Mortgage Covered Security within 10 days 
after the amount fell due (unless the failure is attributable to administrative difficulties 
arising from circumstances that are outside the control of the Institution). 
 
The ACS Acts define an insolvency process with respect to an Institution as liquidation, 
examination, receivership, reorganisation, a moratorium, bankruptcy or any similar process related to the 
inability of persons to pay their debts, and, in relation to an Institution, includes any process relating to the 
insolvency or potential insolvency of the Institution.

--- Page 199 ---
M-57468134-18 
199
Developments in European and Irish Insolvency Law relevant to Institutions 
 
Directive 2001/24/EC of the European Parliament and the Council of 4 April 2001 on the 
reorganisation and winding up of credit institutions (the CI Insolvency Directive) was required to be 
implemented into the national law of the Member States of the European Community (Member State) on 
5 May 2004. It was implemented in Ireland by the European Communities (Reorganisation and Winding-
up of Credit Institutions) Regulations 2004 (the 2004 Regulations) with effect from 5 May 2004. The 2004 
Regulations were repealed and replaced by the European Communities (Reorganisation and Winding-up 
of Credit Institutions) Regulations 2011 (the 2011 Regulations). 
 
The purpose of the CI Insolvency Directive is to create unified proceedings for EU credit 
institutions that are subject to the imposition of reorganisation measures or the commencement of 
winding-up proceedings (as such terms are defined in the CI Insolvency Directive and the 2011 
Regulations). The CI Insolvency Directive provides that, with some exceptions and exclusions, the 
application of reorganisation measures to, or the winding-up of, a credit institution (including in respect of 
its branches in other Member States) will be effected in accordance with the national law of its "home" 
Member State (the Member State in which it has been authorised as a credit institution). It also provides 
that only the administrative or judicial authorities in that home Member State can authorise the 
implementation of reorganisation measures or the opening of winding up proceedings in respect of the 
credit institution, including branches in other Member States. 
 
To this end, the 2011 Regulations provide, among other things, that the "relevant applicable 
enactment" applies to and in relation to a reorganisation measure imposed, or to be imposed, in respect of 
an "authorised credit institution" (except as otherwise provided by the 2011 Regulations) and also applies 
to proceedings to wind up an "authorised credit institution". 
 
An authorised credit institution is defined in the 2011 Regulations as including the holder of a 
licence under section 9 of the Irish Central Bank Act 1971, as amended, which would include an 
Institution. The term relevant applicable enactment would in the context of an Institution include the ACS 
Acts. Therefore, the 2011 Regulations confirm, subject as described below, that the ACS Acts will apply to 
any reorganisation measure imposed or to be imposed, or any proceedings to wind up, an Institution. 
 
Reflecting the provisions of the CI Insolvency Directive, the 2011 Regulations recognise that 
reorganisation measures or winding-up proceedings in respect of an Irish authorised credit institution 
should not affect certain rights in rem of its creditors to assets of the credit institution located in another 
Member State when the reorganisation measure is imposed or the winding-up proceedings commenced. 
 
Again reflecting the provisions of the CI Insolvency Directive, the 2011 Regulations provide that 
reorganisation measures or winding-up proceedings, in respect of an Irish authorised credit institution 
should not affect certain set-off rights of its creditors where such set-off is permitted by the law that applies 
to the institution's claims. To the extent that such law is Irish law, a creditor of an Irish authorised credit 
institution which is subject to reorganisation measures or winding-up proceedings could only assert a right 
of set-off to the extent that Irish law would otherwise permit. With regard to the prohibition under the ACS 
Acts of set-off against Cover Assets comprised in the Pool maintained by an Institution, see — Effect 
under the ACS Acts of insolvency, potential insolvency or insolvency process with respect to an Institution 
above. However, to the extent that the law that applies to any claim of a relevant credit institution, within 
the meaning of the 2011 Regulations, is a law other than Irish law, the 2011 Regulations, together with 
that law, may operate to displace provisions of Irish law prohibiting the exercise of a right of set-off by a 
creditor against the relevant credit institution, including, in the context of Cover Assets comprised in a Pool 
maintained by an Institution, the provisions of the ACS Acts referred to above. 
 
It should be noted in this regard that neither the 2011 Regulations nor the CI Insolvency Directive 
provide any guidance on the meaning of the term "the law applicable to the institution's claim" and so, in 
the absence of any Irish or EU judicial authority on the point, it is not possible to confirm, for example, 
whether this would comprise the governing law of the claim or, if different, the lex situs of the claim.

--- Page 200 ---
M-57468134-18 
200
Consequences of Issuer's Status as Unlimited Company 
 
The Issuer is an unlimited company. There is no limit on the liability of a then-current member (the 
registered shareholder of record) of an unlimited company to contribute to that company in an insolvent 
liquidation of the company to the extent that the company's assets are insufficient to meet its liabilities. In 
that event, the liquidator of the unlimited company or the court seeks the contributions from each of the 
members. A company's unlimited status does not confer on the creditors of the company the right to seek 
payment of the company's liabilities from the company's members or to seek contributions for the 
company from the members in the event of the unlimited company becoming insolvent or otherwise. This 
right rests with the liquidator or the court on an insolvent winding-up. If the persons who are the members 
of an unlimited company at the date of commencement of the winding-up cannot contribute sufficiently to 
the assets of the company, the liquidator or court may have recourse to persons who were members 
within one year before the winding up commenced, although these former members will only be liable to 
contribute in respect of liabilities contracted by the company while they were members. 
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Bank of Ireland is a member of the Issuer and the other 
members are all direct wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of Ireland. Bank of Ireland beneficially owns the 
entire issued share capital of the Issuer. The Issuer is thus a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bank of Ireland. 
The Issuer's liabilities under the Securities will be contracted by the Issuer on the date when the Securities 
are issued and their issue price is paid up in full. The members of the Issuer on the date on which the 
Securities are issued and the issue price is paid up in full will be liable to contribute in respect of the 
Issuer's liabilities in respect of the Securities on an insolvent winding-up of the Issuer (if the Issuer does 
not have sufficient resources to discharge its liabilities in respect of the Securities in full) if they are still 
members of the Issuer at the date of the commencement of such winding up, or if they were members of 
the Issuer within one year before such winding-up commenced. 
 
Bank of Ireland is not a guarantor of the Securities.

--- Page 201 ---
M-57468134-18 
201
Supervision and Regulation of Institutions/Managers under the ACS Acts 
 
Introduction 
 
The Central Bank is primarily responsible for the supervision and regulation of Institutions. In 
certain circumstances (summarised below) the Central Bank may under the ACS Acts appoint the 
National Treasury Management Agency (the NTMA) or a person recommended by the NTMA as manager 
of an Institution. 
 
In addition, each Institution is required by the ACS Acts to appoint a Monitor. For a description of 
the obligations of an Institution towards the Monitor appointed by it, and the rights and duties of a Monitor, 
see The Cover-Assets Monitor. 
 
Regulation of Institutions under banking legislation other than the ACS Acts 
 
As Irish incorporated credit institutions authorised by the Central Bank under legislation relating to 
banking activities in Ireland, Institutions are subject to regulation under the Irish Banking Code in addition 
to regulation under the ACS Acts in respect of the activities regulated thereby (see further Certain Aspects 
of Regulation of Banks and Residential Lending — Ireland). 
 
As regards the relationship between the Central Bank's powers and functions under the Irish 
Banking Code and those under the ACS Acts, the ACS Acts provide that the Central Bank has, in relation 
to Institutions and other persons to whom the ACS Acts relate, the functions imposed and powers 
conferred on the Central Bank by or under the Irish Banking Code in relation to credit institutions within the 
scope of the Irish Banking Code, except as required or provided by the ACS Acts and subject to such 
modifications to those functions and powers as are necessary in order to adopt those functions and 
powers for the purposes of the ACS Acts. 
 
General functions of the Central Bank under the ACS Acts 
 
The ACS Acts provide that the functions of the Central Bank are as follows: 
 
(a) to designate credit institutions for the purposes of the ACS Acts; 
 
(b) to administer the system of supervision and regulation of designated credit institutions in accordance 
with the ACS Acts in order to promote the maintenance of the proper and orderly regulation and 
supervision of those institutions; and 
 
(c) to perform such other functions as are prescribed by or under the ACS Acts. 
 
The ACS Acts provide that the Minister for Finance may, by order, impose on the Central Bank 
functions additional to those specified above. At the date of this Base Prospectus, no such order has been 
made by the Minister for Finance. 
 
In addition, the Central Bank is given a general power pursuant to the ACS Acts to do all things 
necessary or expedient to be done for or in connection with, or incidental to, the performance of its 
functions. 
 
Various provisions of the ACS Acts oblige, or confer on the Central Bank the power, to make 
regulations or publish regulatory notices to make provision for a range of matters arising from the 
operation of the ACS Acts. In addition, the ACS Acts confer on the Central Bank a general power to make 
regulations, not inconsistent with the ACS Acts, for or with respect to any matter that by the ACS Acts is 
required or permitted to be prescribed, or that is necessary or expedient to be prescribed, for carrying out 
or giving effect to the ACS Acts. 
 
Where the Central Bank makes an order, regulation, regulatory notice or other notice under the

--- Page 202 ---
M-57468134-18 
202
ACS Acts, the Central Bank is required to have regard to the following principals and policies to the extent 
applicable: 
 
(a) the facilitation of the establishment and operation in Ireland of designated credit institutions (which 
include Institutions); 
 
(b) the facilitation of the establishment and operation of a market in asset covered securities (which 
include Mortgage Covered Securities) so as to make available further sources of funds to those 
institutions; 
 
(c) the need to develop the business of one or more types of designated credit institutions having regard 
to domestic or international markets in which the institutions operate or may propose to operate; 
 
(d) the need to protect the interests of preferred creditors or other creditors of one or more types of 
designated credit institutions; 
 
(e) the need for proper and proportionate regulation of one or more types of designated credit institutions; 
 
(f) the Irish CRD Code and any regulations and directives made by competent organs of the EU which 
have been implemented in Irish law relevant to among other types of securities, asset covered 
securities. 
 
Power of the Central Bank to appoint the NTMA or a recommended person as manager of an 
Institution 
 
The ACS Acts set out the circumstances in which the Central Bank may appoint the NTMA or a 
person recommended by the NTMA as manager of an Institution and the role and functions of the NTMA 
and a manager appointed under the ACS Acts. 
 
The ACS Acts provide that the Central Bank may request the NTMA to attempt to locate persons 
who are suitably qualified for appointment to manage asset covered securities business activities 
(described below), or specified asset covered securities business activities, of an Institution in any of the 
following circumstances: 
 
(a) if the Institution has become insolvent or potentially insolvent (for a description of the circumstances in 
which an Institution is regarded as insolvent or potentially insolvent for the purposes of the ACS Acts 
(see Insolvency of Institutions — Meanings of "insolvent", "potentially insolvent" and "insolvency 
process" for the purposes of the ACS Acts); 
 
(b) if as a result of becoming aware of information provided to the Central Bank, it is of the opinion that a 
manager should be appointed in respect of the Institution in order to safeguard the interests of: 
 
(i) holders of Mortgage Covered Securities issued by the Institution; or 
 
(ii) persons who have rights under cover assets hedge contracts entered into by the Institution 
(for a general description of the circumstances in which an Institution may enter into cover 
assets hedge contracts and the rights and obligations attaching thereto, see Permitted 
Business activities — (f) entering into certain hedging contracts for the purposes of hedging 
risks associated with the foregoing activities/dealing in and holding Pool Hedge Collateral); or 
 
(iii) other creditors of the Institution; or 
 
(c) if the registration of the Institution as a designated credit institution is revoked under the ACS Acts or 
the Institution is subject to a direction given under sections of the ACS Acts (for a description of the 
relevant provisions see Registration of Institutions/Revocation of Registration — Revocation of 
registration as an Institution and — Direction of the Central Bank requiring an Institution to suspend its

--- Page 203 ---
M-57468134-18 
203
business). 
 
The ACS Acts define asset covered securities business activities in relation to an Institution, for 
the purposes of Part 6 of the 2001 Act, as: 
 
(a) issuing Mortgage Covered Securities and otherwise financing or refinancing the activities 
referred to in (b) to (d) below; 
 
(b) entering into cover assets hedge contracts; 
 
(c) dealing with mortgage credit assets or substitution assets; 
 
(d) holding Cover Assets and maintaining the related Pool; 
 
(e) the keeping of the Business Register (for a description of the provisions of the ACS Acts 
requiring an Institution to maintain a Business Register, see Cover Assets Pool and 
Requirements under the ACS Acts — Register of mortgage covered securities business); and 
 
(f) administering and servicing those activities. 
 
The ACS Acts also contain provisions in relation to nominations by the NTMA to the Central Bank 
of prospective candidates for manager to an Institution, selection and appointment of the manager by the 
Central Bank and publication of that appointment. 
 
In the event that such a person cannot be located, the NTMA will then attempt to find an 
appropriate body corporate to become the parent entity of the Institution concerned in place of the existing 
parent (if any). 
 
The ACS Acts provide that in the event that the NTMA cannot locate a suitable appointee as 
manager or replacement parent entity, the Central Bank is required to appoint the NTMA as manager to 
manage the asset covered securities business activities of the Institution concerned, or such of those 
activities as are specified by the Central Bank. 
 
The ACS Acts provide that the Central Bank may, while the NTMA is attempting to locate a 
suitably qualified person for appointment as manager or an appropriate body corporate to become the 
parent entity of the Institution concerned, appoint the NTMA as a temporary manager to manage the asset 
covered securities business activities of the Institution concerned, or such of those activities as are 
specified by the Central Bank. 
 
The ACS Acts provide that, on appointment, a manager becomes responsible for (i) managing the 
asset covered securities business of the relevant Institution, or such of those activities as are specified in 
the manager's notice of appointment and (ii) performing the functions, and exercising the powers, of the 
relevant Institution insofar as they relate to those activities. 
 
The ACS Acts provide that the manager is required to assume control of the assets of the 
Institution that relate to the Institution's asset covered securities business activities, or such of those 
assets that relate to the asset covered securities business activities specified in the manager's notice of 
appointment. The manager is required to carry on that business in such manner as appears to the 
manager to be in the commercial interest of the holders of Mortgage Covered Securities issued by the 
relevant Institution and of persons with whom the Institution has entered into cover assets hedge 
contracts, subject to and in accordance with any directions of the Central Bank. 
 
The ACS Acts provide that the provisions set out in schedule 1 to the 2001 Act are applicable to a 
manager appointed in respect of an Institution. Schedule 1 includes provisions relating to the replacement 
of managers in certain circumstances, the vacation of the office of manager in certain circumstances and 
the fees and expenses payable to a manager.

--- Page 204 ---
M-57468134-18 
204
Limitations on the civil liability of the Central Bank/the NTMA/any manager 
 
The ACS Acts provide that the Central Bank, members and employees of the Central Bank, and 
persons acting under the direction of the Central Bank are not liable in any civil proceedings for any act 
done, or omitted to be done, by the person for the purposes of, or in connection with, performing or 
exercising any function or power imposed or conferred on the Central Bank by or under the ACS Acts if 
the act was done, or was omitted, in good faith for the purposes of the ACS Acts. 
The NTMA and any manager, the chief executive of the NTMA, officers of a manager and 
employees of the NTMA or a manager, and persons acting under the direction of the NTMA or a manager 
are not liable in any civil proceedings for any act done, or omitted to be done, by the person for the 
purposes of, or in connection with, performing or exercising any function or power imposed or conferred 
on the NTMA or, as applicable, the manager by or under the ACS Acts if the act was done, or was 
omitted, in good faith for the purposes of the ACS Acts. 
 
The powers of managers with respect to security trustees 
 
The ACS Acts make provisions for the holding by a security trustee of security (other than under 
the ACS Acts) over assets comprised in the Pool which are located outside of Ireland in order to augment 
the security provided for under the ACS Acts (see Insolvency of Institutions — Security interests on the 
Pool). A manager may enter into arrangements with the security trustee in connection with: 
 
(a) their respective functions under the ACS Acts and operations relating to Cover Assets which are also 
subject to such additional security arrangements; 
 
(b) their respective functions under the ACS Acts and the enforcement or administration of Cover Assets 
which are also subject to such additional security arrangements.

--- Page 205 ---
M-57468134-18 
205
Transfers of a Business or Assets under the ACS Acts involving an Institution 
 
Transfer to be effected by means of a statutory scheme 
 
The ACS Acts contain a statutory mechanism for effecting a transfer of a business or assets from 
a credit institution which is not an Institution to a credit institution which is an Institution. The ACS Acts 
also contains a statutory mechanism for effecting a transfer of a business or assets from an Institution to 
another credit institution (which may be another Institution). A transfer is effected by means of a scheme 
which must be approved by the appropriate relevant person. The ACS Acts provide that the transferor 
credit institution and transferee credit institution are required to jointly submit to the relevant person (see 
Transfers of a Business or Assets under the ACS Acts involving an Institution — Approval of the Minister 
for Finance or the Central Bank required) for approval a scheme for the proposed transfer of the business 
or assets concerned. The scheme must contain such details as the relevant person may require with 
respect to that business or those assets and must specify the date or dates on which the transfer is to take 
place or how that date or those dates are to be ascertained. 
 
Transfer may be subject to conditions 
 
As a prerequisite to giving approval, the relevant person may impose on the parties to the 
proposed transfer such conditions relating to the scheme as that person thinks necessary for the purpose 
of: 
 
(a) safeguarding the interests of the parties to the transfer and of persons who have financial 
obligations in respect of the business or assets concerned; 
 
(b) ensuring an orderly transfer of that business or those assets; and 
 
(c) providing for publication of the proposed transfer. 
 
Transfer scheme to be approved by order 
 
On being satisfied that a scheme submitted to the relevant person will achieve the purpose 
referred to in — Transfer may be subject to conditions and that the conditions (if any) imposed by that 
person in respect of the scheme have been or will be complied with, the relevant person: 
 
(a) must, by order, approve a transfer of the business or assets concerned; and 
 
(b) must publish a notice giving particulars of the transfer in one or more daily newspapers 
circulating in Ireland. 
 
The relevant person may, by further order, vary an initial approval. If such an approval is varied, 
the relevant person must publish a notice giving particulars of the variation in one or more daily 
newspapers circulating in Ireland. 
 
Effect of a transfer scheme 
 
The ACS Acts provide that a transfer of a business or assets under the ACS Acts takes effect: 
 
(a) subject to any conditions imposed on the approval of the transfer; and 
 
(b) on the date or dates specified in the scheme. 
On the transfer of a business or assets under the ACS Acts: 
 
(a) the transferee credit institution has the same rights (including priorities) and obligations in 
respect of that business or those assets as the transferor credit institution had immediately 
before the transfer took effect; and

--- Page 206 ---
M-57468134-18 
206
 
(b) the transferor ceases to have those rights and obligations. 
 
The ACS Acts exempt a transfer of an asset under the ACS Acts, whether specifically or as part 
of a transfer of a business, from any requirement to be registered under the Registration of Deeds 
(Ireland) Act, 1707, (which has been repealed and replaced by the Registration of Deeds and Title Act, 
2006) the Bills of Sale (Ireland) Acts, 1879 and 1883, the Companies Act, the Registration of Title Act, 
1964, and any other Act that provides for the registration of assets or details of them. 
 
If legal proceedings are pending immediately before the time when a transfer under the ACS Acts 
takes effect, those proceedings are to continue. At that time, the transferee credit institution: 
 
(a) replaces the transferor credit institution as a party to the proceedings; and 
 
(b) assumes the same rights and obligations in relation to those proceedings as the transferor 
credit institution had immediately before that time. 
 
Approval of the Minister for Finance or the Central Bank required 
 
For the purposes of the transfer mechanism under the ACS Acts, the relevant person is the 
Minister for Finance, if the relevant credit institutions are not associated, or the Central Bank, if the 
relevant credit institutions are associated. 
 
If the approval of the Minister for Finance is required for a transfer of a business or assets under 
this section (i.e. because the relevant credit institutions are not associated), the Minister for Finance is 
required to consult the Central Bank before approving the transfer. 
 
For the purposes of this section, a transferor credit institution is associated with the transferee 
credit institution if: 
 
(a) either of the institutions is the beneficial owner of not less than 90 per cent. of the issued 
share capital of the other institution (whether directly or indirectly through any other person or 
persons); or 
 
(b) a body corporate (other than the transferor or transferee credit institution) is the beneficial 
owner of not less than 90 per cent. of the issued share capital of each of the institutions 
(whether directly or indirectly through any other person or persons). 
 
Transfer of Bank of Ireland's Irish Residential Loan Book and Business to the Issuer 
 
On 5 July 2004, Bank of Ireland transferred substantially all of the Irish residential loans and 
related security held by it and of its Irish residential loan business to the Issuer. The aggregate principal 
amount outstanding of and accrued but unpaid interest on the Irish residential loans transferred by Bank of 
Ireland to the Issuer on 5 July 2004 was €9.1 billion. The transfer was effected pursuant to the statutory 
transfer mechanism provided for in the ACS Acts described above. This statutory mechanism involved the 
putting in place of a scheme in accordance with the 2001 Act between Bank of Ireland and the Issuer on 2 
July 2004 which permits the transfer of Irish residential loans and related security and/or Irish residential 
loan business between Bank of Ireland and the Issuer. Transfers under that scheme were approved on 2 
July 2004 by order of IFSRA, (the responsible authority at the time) as required by the ACS Acts. The scheme 
permits further transfers from Bank of Ireland to the Issuer or from the Issuer to Bank of Ireland in the future. On 
6 February 2006 in accordance with the scheme, the Issuer transferred to Bank of Ireland certain Irish 
residential loans (including the mortgages and other security for those loans) pursuant to section 58 of the 2001 
Act and with the approval of IFSRA (as the competent authority at that date). The aggregate principal amount 
of loans re-transferred from the Issuer to Bank of Ireland amounted to approximately 2 per cent. of the 
Issuer's then total loan book of approximately €13 billion.

--- Page 207 ---
M-57468134-18 
207
Registration of Institutions/Revocation of Registration 
 
Registration of an eligible credit institution as an institution 
 
A person may not purport to issue Mortgage Covered Securities in accordance with the ACS Acts 
unless the person is registered as an Institution in accordance with the ACS Acts. 
 
An eligible person may apply to the Central Bank to be registered as an Institution. A person is an 
eligible person for the purposes of the ACS Acts only if it is a credit institution incorporated or formed in 
Ireland that holds an authorisation issued by the Central Bank authorising it to carry on business as a 
credit institution. 
 
A credit institution is defined in the ACS Acts to include the holder of a banking licence under 
section 9 of the Central Bank Act, 1971. 
 
The ACS Acts provide that the Central Bank may register an applicant as an Institution only if it is 
satisfied that the applicant: 
 
(a) is or will be able to carry out, in a proper manner, the responsibilities that an Institution is 
required by the ACS Acts to carry out; and 
 
(b) complies with, or will be able to comply with, such requirements (if any) relating to Institutions 
as are prescribed by the regulations made and regulatory notices published by the Central 
Bank under the ACS Acts. 
 
The ACS Acts provide that in granting an application, the Central Bank may impose conditions on 
the applicant with respect to the orderly and proper regulation of the applicant's business which it 
considers appropriate. 
 
The ACS Acts provide for the recording of the particulars of successful applicants for registration 
in the register of designated mortgage credit institutions as an Institution (see further below) and the 
issuance of certificates of registration to registered Institutions. 
 
Registration authorises the Institution named in the certificate to carry on the business of an 
Institution. An Institution is required to comply with the conditions contained in its certificate of registration 
or in any document issued with the certificate. A registration of an Institution remains in force until it is 
revoked. 
 
The Central Bank may from time to time vary a condition of an Institution's registration or impose 
on the Institution a new condition, but only after giving to the Institution concerned notice in writing of its 
intention to do so and after giving the Institution an opportunity to make written representations to the 
Central Bank in relation to the proposed variation or proposed new condition. 
 
Register of Institutions maintained by the Central Bank 
 
The Central Bank is required to establish and maintain a register of designated mortgage credit 
institutions (the Register of Institutions). The Register of Institutions must contain the name and address 
of the principal place of business of each Institution and such other information as the Central Bank 
determines. The Issuer is registered in the Register of Institutions on the date of this Base Prospectus as 
an Institution. 
 
Members of the public are entitled, without charge, to inspect the Register of Institutions during 
the ordinary business hours of the Central Bank. The Central Bank must, not less frequently than once 
every 12 months, publish a list of Institutions. If regulations made by the Central Bank so require, the list 
must contain such other particulars as are prescribed by such regulations. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, no such regulations have been made by the Central Bank.

--- Page 208 ---
M-57468134-18 
208
 
Revocation of Registration 
 
The ACS Acts provide for the revocation by the Central Bank of the registration of an Institution at 
the request of the Institution, but only if the Central Bank is of the opinion that the Institution has fully 
satisfied all claims and liabilities that are secured in respect of the Institution as provided by Part 7 of the 
2001 Act (see Insolvency of Institutions — Effect under the ACS Acts of insolvency, potential insolvency or 
insolvency process with respect to an Institution). 
 
The Central Bank may, with the consent of the Minister for Finance, revoke the registration of an 
Institution in circumstances where the revocation is not requested by the Institution. These circumstances 
arise when the Central Bank is satisfied on reasonable grounds that: 
 
(a) the Institution has not begun to carry on any business of a designated mortgage credit 
institution within 12 months after the date on which the registration was notified to the 
Institution; 
 
(b) the Institution has not carried on any of that business within the immediately preceding 6 
months; 
 
(c) the registration was obtained by means of a false or misleading representation; 
 
(d) the Institution has contravened or is contravening, or has failed or is failing to comply, with a 
provision of the ACS Acts or a regulatory notice published by the Central Bank; 
 
(e) the Institution has become subject to an insolvency process (for a description of the meaning 
of "insolvency process" for the purposes of the ACS Acts (see Insolvency of Institutions — 
Meaning of 'insolvent', 'potentially insolvent' and 'insolvency process' for the purposes of the 
ACS Acts); 
 
(f) the Institution no longer has sufficient "own funds" (as referred to in the Irish CRD Code); 
 
(g) the Cover Assets comprised in a Pool maintained by the Institution do not comply with any 
provision of Part 4 of the 2001 Act (for a description of the provisions of the ACS Acts 
governing the composition of a Pool, see Cover Assets Pool and Requirements under the 
ACS Acts); 
 
(h) the business of, or the corporate structure of, the Institution has been so organised to such 
an extent that the institution can no longer be supervised to the satisfaction of the Central 
Bank; 
 
(i) the Institution has come under the control of any other entity that is not supervised by the 
Central Bank to such an extent that the Institution can no longer be supervised to the 
satisfaction, of the Central Bank; 
 
(j) since the Institution was registered as a designated mortgage credit institution, the 
circumstances under which the registration was given have changed to the extent that an 
application for registration would be refused had it been made in the changed circumstances; 
or 
 
(k) the Institution, or any of its officers, is convicted on indictment of: 
 
(i) an offence under the ACS Acts or under any other enactment prescribed by 
regulations made by the Central Bank for the purpose of section 19 of the 2001 
Act (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, no such regulations have been 
made by the Central Bank); or

--- Page 209 ---
M-57468134-18 
209
 
(ii) an offence involving fraud, dishonesty or breach of trust. 
 
In the case of an Institution whose registration has been revoked under the ACS Acts, but which 
is not a company or building society, or, being a company or building society, is not being wound up, the 
Institution is required to continue to carry out the financial obligations of the Institution that are secured 
under Part 7 of the 2001 Act (see Insolvency of Institutions — Effect of insolvency, potential insolvency or 
insolvency process with respect to an Institution below) until all those obligations have been fully 
discharged to the satisfaction of the Central Bank. In relation to such an Institution which is being wound 
up and the position of the liquidator under the ACS Acts, see Position of a Liquidator below. 
 
Direction of the Central Bank requiring an Institution to suspend its business 
 
The ACS Acts provide that if the Central Bank reasonably believes that there may be grounds for 
revoking the registration of an Institution under the ACS Acts, it may, subject to Part 7 of the 2001 Act (see 
Insolvency of Institutions — Effect under the ACS Acts of insolvency, potential insolvency or insolvency 
process with respect to an Institution), give to the Institution a direction in writing prohibiting it from 
engaging in the following specified activities except with the permission of the Central Bank: 
 
(a) dealing with the Institution's assets generally or dealing with any specified class of assets or any 
specified asset; 
 
(b) engaging in transactions generally or engaging in any specified class of transactions or any 
specified transaction; or 
 
(c) making payments generally or making any specified class of payments or any specified payment. 
 
If such a direction is in effect: 
 
(a) winding up or bankruptcy proceedings may be initiated in respect of the Institution concerned; 
 
(b) a receiver over the assets of that Institution may be appointed; and 
 
(c) the assets of that Institution may be attached, sequestered or otherwise distributed, 
 
only if the prior approval of the High Court has been obtained. 
 
The ACS Acts also confer on the Central Bank a power in certain circumstances to give an 
Institution, whose registration has been revoked and which is not a company or a building society, or, 
being a company or a building society, is not being wound up, a direction to a similar effect as one 
described above. 
 
A direction given by the Central Bank under the ACS Acts must include a statement of the Central 
Bank's reason for giving the direction and its duration (not exceeding six months). The Central Bank may 
by notice in writing to the relevant Institution amend or revoke a direction and extend the duration of a 
direction by a further period not exceeding six months. 
 
Position of a liquidator 
 
In the case of an Institution whose registration is revoked under the ACS Acts and that (being a 
company or a building society) is being wound up, the ACS Acts provide that, except as otherwise 
provided by the ACS Acts, the liquidator of the Institution has a duty to ensure that the Institution performs 
the obligations of an Institution under the ACS Acts. The Central Bank may, by notice in writing given to 
the liquidator, substitute the liquidator's obligations referred to above of a similar nature as specified in that 
notice.

--- Page 210 ---
M-57468134-18 
210
Taxation 
 
The following summary of the anticipated tax treatment in Ireland in relation to the payments on 
the Securities is based on Irish taxation law and the practices of the Irish Revenue Commissioners (the 
Irish tax authorities) as in force at the date of this Base Prospectus. It does not purport to be, and is not, a 
complete description of all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, 
buy, hold, sell, redeem or dispose of the Securities. The summary relates only to the position of persons 
who are the absolute beneficial owners of the Securities and the interest payable on them (Security 
holders). Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisers on the implications of 
subscribing for, buying, holding, selling, redeeming or disposing of Securities and the receipt of interest on 
the Securities under the laws of the jurisdictions in which they may be liable to taxation. 
 
Withholding Tax on Interest 
 
In general, withholding tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) must be 
deducted from Irish source yearly interest payments made by an Irish company. However no withholding 
for or on account of Irish income tax is required to be made from yearly interest in the circumstances set 
out below. 
 
Withholding tax on yearly interest does not apply to interest payments made by a company in the 
ordinary course of an Irish banking business. The Irish Revenue Commissioners regard interest payments 
made by an Institution on Mortgage Covered Securities issued by that Institution as interest paid by such 
Institution in the ordinary course of its Irish banking business. In the case of the Issuer and the Securities, 
this exemption would cease to apply if the Issuer at any time ceased to be the holder of a banking licence 
under Section 9 or Section 9A of the Central Bank Act, 1971 (as amended), to be a designated credit 
institution under the ACS Acts, or to carry on business in Ireland. 
 
Separately, section 64 of the TCA provides for the payment of interest on a quoted Eurobond 
without the deduction of tax in certain circumstances. A quoted Eurobond is defined as a Security which: 
 
(a) is issued by a company (such as the Issuer); 
 
(b) is quoted on a recognised stock exchange (this would include Euronext Dublin); and 
 
(c) carries a right to interest (this excludes Zero Coupon Securities). 
 
In addition, there is no obligation to withhold tax on quoted Eurobonds where: 
 
(i) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland; or 
 
(ii) 
the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland; and 
 
(A) 
the quoted Eurobond is held in a recognised clearing system (Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been designated as recognised 
clearing systems for this purpose); or 
 
(B) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the quoted Eurobond and who 
is beneficially entitled to the interest is not resident in Ireland and has 
made an appropriate written declaration in the prescribed format to this 
effect. 
Any requirement to operate Irish withholding tax on interest may be obviated or reduced pursuant 
to the terms of an applicable double tax treaty. 
 
Withholding tax on Discount 
 
Discounts arising on the Securities will not be subject to Irish withholding tax.

--- Page 211 ---
M-57468134-18 
211
 
Encashment Tax 
 
A paying agent outside Ireland is not obliged to deduct Irish encashment tax from interest on the 
Securities. A paying agent in Ireland acting on behalf of the holder of the Securities that obtains payment 
of or realises interest in respect of a Security where interest on that Security qualifies for exemption from 
withholding as a quoted Eurobond (see above under Withholding Tax on Interest) is required to withhold 
tax at a rate of 25 per cent. unless: (i) it is proved, on a claim made in the required manner to the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners, that the person owning the Securities and beneficially entitled to such interest is 
not resident in Ireland; or (ii) the person owning the Securities and beneficially entitled to such interest is a 
company which is within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the interest. In relation to the first 
exemption at (i) above, it is also necessary that such interest is not deemed under the provisions of Irish 
tax legislation to be income of another person that is resident in Ireland. No encashment tax will apply 
where a bank's only role is the clearing of a cheque, or the arranging for the clearing of a cheque, by the 
bank. 
 
Liability of Security holders to Irish Income Tax 
 
In general, persons who are resident and domiciled in Ireland are liable to Irish taxation on their 
world-wide income whereas persons who are not resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland are only liable to 
Irish taxation on their Irish source income. All persons are under a statutory obligation to account for Irish 
tax on a self-assessment basis and there is no requirement for the Irish Revenue Commissioners to issue 
or raise an assessment. 
 
Interest earned and discount arising on the Securities is regarded as Irish source income 
 
Notwithstanding that a Security holder may receive interest payments on the Securities free of 
withholding tax, the Security holder will technically be liable for Irish tax (and the universal social charge if 
an individual recipient) unless an exemption applies. There is an exemption from Irish income tax on 
interest/discounts under section 198 of the TCA in certain circumstances. 
 
These circumstances include: 
 
 
where interest is paid by the Issuer to a person that is not a resident of Ireland and that is 
regarded as being resident in an EU Member State (other than Ireland) or is a resident of a 
country where arrangements have been made with that country which on completion of required 
ratification procedures in Ireland (as required under s826(1) of the TCA) will have the force of law 
or is controlled by a person that is so resident (and is not controlled by a person not so resident) 
or the principal class of shares of the person or its 75 per cent. parent is substantially and 
regularly traded on a recognised stock exchange in an EU or Treaty country, and 
 
(i) 
that interest is paid on an asset covered security within the meaning of section 3 of the 
Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 (which includes the Securities); 
 
(ii) 
the interest is interest exempt from withholding tax because it is paid on a quoted 
Eurobond (see above under Withholding Tax on Interest); or 
 
(iii) 
the interest is a payment to which section 246A TCA applies (which would include 
interest paid free of deposit interest retention tax (DIRT) in accordance with the 
conditions set out under paragraph (C) of the section below entitled Deposit Interest 
Retention Tax); 
 
 
where interest is paid by the Issuer in the ordinary course of its trade or business and the 
recipient of the interest is a company: 
 
(i) resident in an EU Member State (other than Ireland) or in a country where arrangements

--- Page 212 ---
M-57468134-18 
212
have been made with that country which on completion of required ratification procedures in 
Ireland (as required under section 826(1) TCA) will have the force of law and where that 
country imposes a tax that generally applies to interest receivable in that country by 
companies from sources outside that country, or 
 
(ii) where the interest: 
 
(A)  
is exempted from the charge to income tax under arrangements made 
with the government of a territory outside the State having the force of 
law under the procedures set out in section 826(1) TCA, or 
 
(B)  
would be exempted from the charge to income tax if arrangements 
made, on or before the date of payment of the interest with the 
government of a territory outside the State, that do not have the force of 
law under the procedures set out in section 826(1) TCA, had the force 
of law when the interest was paid; or 
 
 
where discount arises to a person which is regarded as resident for tax purposes in an EU 
Member State other than Ireland or is a resident of a country where arrangements have been 
made with that country which on completion of required ratification procedures in Ireland (as 
required under section 826(1) TCA) will have the force of law and the person issuing the 
securities did so in the ordinary course of a trade or business carried on by it. 
 
In addition, no Irish tax liability will arise to the extent that relief is available under an applicable 
double tax treaty. 
 
Non-Irish companies, where the income is not attributable to a branch or agency of the company 
in Ireland (an Irish branch or agency of a non-resident company would be liable to Irish corporation tax), 
are subject to income tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.). Credit is available for 
any Irish tax withheld from income on account of the related income tax liability. Therefore, any 
withholding tax suffered should be equal to and in satisfaction of the full liability. 
 
With respect to an income tax liability arising for a non-Irish resident person who is not regarded 
as being resident in an EU Member State (other than Ireland) or resident of a country with which Ireland 
has a double taxation agreement or is controlled by a person that is so resident (and is not controlled by a 
person not so resident) or the principal class of shares of the person or its 75 per cent. parent is 
substantially and regularly traded on a recognised stock exchange in an EU or Treaty country, it is 
understood that there is a practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners not to seek to collect such liability 
from such non-resident persons unless the recipient has any other tax connection with Ireland such as the 
carrying on of business in Ireland through a branch or agency or a permanent establishment to which the 
Securities are attributable, or a claim for the refund of Irish tax deducted at source. However, this practice 
does not reflect the adoption of a policy on the part of the Irish Revenue Commissioners not to collect the 
relevant tax and there is no guarantee that this practice will continue. 
 
Capital Gains Tax 
 
A holder of Securities will be subject to Irish taxes on capital gains (currently 33 per cent.) on a 
disposal of such Securities unless such holder is a person neither resident nor ordinarily resident in 
Ireland and: 
 
(a) 
who does not have an enterprise, or an interest in an enterprise, which carries on trade in Ireland 
through a branch or agency or a permanent representative to which or to whom the Securities are 
attributable; or 
 
(b) 
the Securities are listed on a stock exchange; or

--- Page 213 ---
M-57468134-18 
213
(c) 
the Securities do not derive their value or the greater part of their value directly or indirectly from 
Irish land or certain Irish mineral or exploration rights.  
 
Stamp Duty 
 
No Irish stamp duty is payable on the issue, transfer or redemption of the Securities. 
 
Deposit Interest Retention Tax 
 
A relevant deposit taker (as defined by section 256 of the TCA) such as the Issuer is obliged to 
withhold tax at 33 per cent. from certain interest payments or other returns on a relevant deposit. The term 
‘deposit’ is widely defined and would include a Security. There are a number of exemptions to the 
requirement to withhold tax, of which the most relevant to the Securities are set out below: 
 
(a) The interest or discount is paid on a deposit which is a Security issued by a bank (which includes the 
Issuer) and is listed on a stock exchange (which includes, Euronext Dublin); or 
 
(b) in cases where the Securities are not listed on a stock exchange, where the person beneficially 
entitled to the interest, discount or premium thereon is: 
 
(i) not resident in Ireland; or 
 
(ii) a company within the charge to corporation tax in Ireland on such interest, discount or 
premium; or 
 
(iii) a pension scheme or charity of the kind mentioned in the definition of ‘‘relevant deposit’’ in 
paragraphs (f) or (h) of section 256(1) of the TCA, 
 
and in each case has provided an appropriate declaration to the Issuer in the case of (i) above, 
and an appropriate reference number in the case of (ii) and (iii) above, as referred to in section 
256 of the TCA; or 
 
(c) where the Security is issued in a minimum denomination of €500,000 (or its equivalent in its currency 
of issue, if it is issued in a currency other than euro or US dollars) or US$500,000 and the Security is 
held in a recognised clearing system, including Euroclear or Clearstream, or any other clearing 
system recognised from time to time by the Irish Revenue Commissioners, and has a maturity of not 
more than 2 years, and 
 
(i) either (a) the person by whom the payment is made, or (b) the person through whom the 
payment is made is not resident in Ireland and the payment is not made either by or through 
the Irish branch or agency of a non-resident; or 
 
(ii) either (a) the person by whom the payment is made, or (b) the person through whom the 
payment is made is resident in Ireland or the payment is made either by or through the Irish 
branch or agency of a non-resident,  
 
(d) pursuant to published practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners in the case of Securities issued 
which are of medium term, which includes Securities issued hereunder for a term of 2 years or more 
(and may include Securities with a term of less than 2 years) which satisfy all of the following 
conditions: 
 
(i) the Issuer does not sell or offer the Securities to Irish resident persons; 
 
(ii) as far as primary sales are concerned, the Dealers comply with their selling commitments 
and undertake as a matter of contract not to knowingly offer to sell the Securities to an Irish 
resident person, or to persons whose usual place of abode is Ireland and also undertake as a

--- Page 214 ---
M-57468134-18 
214
matter of contract not to knowingly distribute or cause to be distributed in Ireland any offering 
material in connection with such instruments; 
 
(iii) the Securities are held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue Commissioners 
(which would include Clearstream, Euroclear and other specified clearing systems); and 
 
(iv) the minimum denomination in which such Securities may be issued is €500,000 or its 
equivalent in another currency. 
 
With regard to the representations required from the Dealers in paragraph (d)(ii) above, see 
Subscription and Sale, Transfer and Selling Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements — Selling 
Restrictions — Ireland at paragraph (iii)(c). 
 
Reporting Requirements 
 
In the case of an Irish resident issuing or paying agent paying to an Irish resident, there is a 
requirement to report to the Irish Revenue Commissioners the names and addresses of the person to 
whom interest was paid or credited, the amount of interest paid or credited and the tax reference number 
of the person to whom the payment was made. In addition, where an exemption from DIRT referred to at 
paragraph (B)(ii) and (B)(iii) above under the heading Deposit Interest Retention Tax (DIRT) is being 
claimed, by a company within the charge to Irish Corporation Tax or a pension scheme or an Irish 
registered charity, the details reported to the Revenue Commissioners must include the tax reference 
number of the person beneficially entitled to the interest. 
 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
 
A gift or inheritance consisting of Securities will generally be within the charge to Irish Capital 
Acquisitions Tax (currently 33 per cent.) if either: 
 
• 
the disponer or the donee/successor in relation to the gift or inheritance is resident or ordinarily 
resident in Ireland (or in the case of gifts/inheritances taken under a discretionary trust, capital 
acquisitions tax will apply where the disponer is resident or ordinarily resident (or in the case of 
discretionary trusts established before 1 December 1999, domiciled) in Ireland irrespective of the 
residence or ordinary residence of the donee/successor) on the relevant date; or 
 
• 
if the Securities are Irish situated property. 
 
Bearer Securities would be regarded as property situate in Ireland if the Securities are physically 
kept or located in Ireland with a depositary or otherwise at the relevant time. Accordingly, if Bearer 
Securities are comprised in a gift or inheritance, the recipient and the disponer may be liable to Irish 
capital acquisitions tax, even though neither the disponer nor the donee/successor is domiciled, resident 
or ordinarily resident for tax purposes in Ireland, if the Bearer Securities are physically located in Ireland at 
the date of the gift or inheritance. 
 
Bearer Securities that are not physically located in Ireland would not be regarded as Irish situate 
property for Irish capital acquisitions tax purposes. 
 
Registered Securities would be regarded as property situate in Ireland if the principal register of 
the Securities is maintained in Ireland. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the principal register of 
Registered Securities is maintained outside of Ireland. 
 
Automatic exchange of information 
 
Irish reporting financial institutions, which may include the Issuer, may have reporting obligations 
in respect of a Security holder under FATCA as implemented pursuant to the Ireland – US 
intergovernmental agreement and/or the OECD’s Common Reporting Standard (see below).

--- Page 215 ---
M-57468134-18 
215
 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting or related requirements.  The issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A 
number of jurisdictions (including Ireland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way 
in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign 
financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an 
IGA from payments that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as Securities, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Securities, are uncertain and may be subject 
to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as Securities, such withholding would not apply prior to 1 January 2019 and 
Securities issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for 
purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a 
substitution of the issuer).  However, if additional Securities (as described under Condition 15) that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Securities are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering 
period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Securities, 
including the Securities offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in Securities. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on the Securities, no person will be required to pay additional amounts 
as a result of the withholding. 
 
Common Reporting Standard (the CRS) 
 
The CRS framework was first released by the OECD in February 2014.  To date, more than 100 
jurisdictions have publically committed to implementation, many of which are early adopter countries, 
including Ireland. On 21 July 2014, the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information 
in Tax Matters (the Standard) was published, involving the use of two main elements, the Competent 
Authority Agreement (the CAA) and the CRS. 
 
The goal of the Standard is to provide for the annual automatic exchange between governments of 
financial account information reported to them by local Financial Institutions (FIs) relating to 
accountholders tax resident in other participating countries to assist in the efficient collection of tax. The 
OECD, in developing the CAA and CRS, have used FATCA concepts and as such the Standard is broadly 
similar to the FATCA requirements, albeit with numerous alterations. It will result in a significantly higher 
number of reportable persons due to the increased instances of potentially in-scope accounts and the 
inclusion of multiple jurisdictions to which accounts must be reported. 
 
Ireland is a signatory jurisdiction to the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement on Automatic 
Exchange of Financial Account Information, which was entered into by Ireland in its capacity as a 
signatory to the Convention on Mutual Administrative Assistance in Tax Matters and which relates to the 
automatic exchange of financial account information in respect of CRS, while sections 891F and 891G of 
the 1997 Act and regulations made thereunder contain measures necessary to implement the CRS 
internationally and across the European Union, respectively.  The Returns of Certain Information by 
Reporting Financial Institutions Regulations 2015 (the CRS Regulations), giving effect to the CRS from 1 
January 2016 came into operation on 31 December 2015. 
 
Under the CRS Regulations, reporting financial institutions, which may include the Issuer, are 
required to collect certain information on accountholders and on certain controlling persons (as defined in 
the CRS Regulations) in the case of the accountholder being an entity, as defined for CRS purposes, to

--- Page 216 ---
M-57468134-18 
216
identify accounts which are reportable to the Irish tax authorities.  The Irish tax authorities shall in turn 
exchange such information with their counterparts in participating jurisdictions.  Where a Security is held in 
a clearing system it is understood that either the clearing system itself or the relevant clearing participants 
are likely to be considered FIs and accordingly the Issuer should not have reporting obligations in respect 
of a Security holder holding such Securities.  In that event the Issuer will make a nil return for that year to 
the Irish Revenue Commissioners.

--- Page 217 ---
M-57468134-18 
217
Subscription and Sale, Transfer and Selling Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements 
 
Subscription and Sale: Programme Agreement 
 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (the Programme 
Agreement) dated 16 December 2021 agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they may from time to 
time agree to purchase Securities. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under Form of 
the Securities, Issue Procedures and Clearing Systems and Terms and Conditions of the Securities. In the 
Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment of the Programme and the issue of Securities under the Programme 
and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. The 
Issuer may pay the Dealers commission from time to time in connection with the sale of Securities. In the 
Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment of any future update of the Programme and the issue of Securities 
under the Programme. The Dealers are entitled to be released and discharged from their obligations in 
relation to any agreement to issue and purchase Securities under the Programme Agreement in certain 
circumstances prior to payment to the Issuer. 
 
The names and address of the initial Dealers are set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. The 
description of each of the initial Dealers is a financial institution. The name, address and description of any 
additional Dealer or Manager, as the case may be, appointed after the date of this Base Prospectus will 
be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and notified to Euronext Dublin and Central Bank. 
 
Transfer Restrictions 
 
Each purchaser of Registered Securities (other than a person purchasing an interest in 
Registered Global Security with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Security) 
or person wishing to transfer an interest from one Registered Global Security to another or from global to 
definitive form or vice versa, will be required to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used 
in this paragraph that are defined in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
 
(i) that it is outside the United States and is not a US person; 
 
(ii) that the Securities are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the 
United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Securities have not been and 
will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable US State securities law and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US 
persons except as set forth below; 
 
(iii) that, unless it holds an interest in a Registered Global Security and either is a person located 
outside the United States or is not a US person, if in future it decides to resell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer the Securities or any beneficial interests in the Securities, it will do so, prior to 
the date which is two years after the later of the last Issue Date for the Series and the last date on 
which the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer was the owner of such Securities, only (a) to the 
Issuer or any affiliate thereof; (b) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 
904 under the Securities Act; or (c) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 
Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all applicable US State securities laws; 
 
(iv) it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Securities from it of 
the resale restriction referred to in paragraph (iii) above, as applicable; 
 
(v) if it is outside the United States and is not a US person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer 
the Securities prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 days 
after the completion of the distribution of the Securities following the original issuance of the 
Securities, as certified by the Dealers in accordance with the Agency Agreement), it will do so 
only (a) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or

--- Page 218 ---
M-57468134-18 
218
(b) in accordance with all applicable US States securities laws; and it acknowledges that the 
Registered Global Securities will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to 
by the Issuer. 
 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE US SECURITIES ACT 
OF 1933, AS AMENDED (the "SECURITIES ACT") AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR 
SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO U.S PERSONS (AS THOSE TERMS ARE 
DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) UNLESS AN 
EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES 
ACT IS AVAILABLE."; and 
 
(vi) that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representation or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall 
promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring any Securities as a fiduciary or agent for one or 
more accounts it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such 
account and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and 
agreements on behalf of each such account. 
 
Selling Restrictions 
 
United States 
 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Securities are 
initially being offered and sold only outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
 
In addition, the Securities in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except 
in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Securities) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Securities (i) as part 
of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the 
Tranche of which such Securities are part, as determined and certified to the Agent- by such Dealer (in the 
case of a non-syndicated issue) or the relevant lead Dealer (in the case of a syndicated issue) within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to 
which it sells Securities during the Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or other notice setting 
out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Securities within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have meanings given to them by Regulation S if 
such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration 
under the Securities Act. 
 
In addition, until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Securities of the Tranche of 
which such Securities are a part, an offer or sale of the Securities within the United States by any dealer 
whether or not participating in the offering of such Tranche may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
 
Each issuance of Exempt Securities which are also Index Linked Securities or Dual Currency 
Securities will be subject to such additional US selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer

--- Page 219 ---
M-57468134-18 
219
may agree as a term of the issuance and purchase of such Securities, which additional selling restrictions 
shall be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
European Economic Area  
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For the 
purposes of this provision the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or 
 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
United Kingdom 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed under the Programme Agreement, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
 
(i) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activities (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Securities in circumstances in which section 21 (1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not 
an authorised person, apply to the Issuer;  
 
(ii) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom; and  
 
(iii) it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in United Kingdom. 
 
For the purposes of this provision, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
 
(a)  
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(b)  
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or  
(c)  
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
 
 
Consequently no key information document required by the UK PRIIPs Regulation for offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation

--- Page 220 ---
M-57468134-18 
220
 
Japan 
 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it will not offer or sell any Securities, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and 
Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from 
the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable 
laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
 
Republic of Italy 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that the offering of the Securities has not been registered pursuant 
to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Securities may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may 
copies of this document or of any other document relating to the Securities be distributed in the Republic 
of Italy, other than: 
 
(i) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
1129 of 14 June 2017 (the Prospectus Regulation) and any application provision of Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the Italian Financial Services Act) and Italian 
CONSOB regulations; or 
 
(ii) in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 
of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, 
as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Securities or distribution of copies of this document or any other 
document relating to the Securities in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must be: 
 
 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation 
No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 
of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Banking Act); and 
 
 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended, and the implementing guidelines 
of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; or 
 
 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB or any other Italian authority 
 
Ireland 
 
Each Dealer has agreed and represented in the Programme Agreement, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
 
(a) 
it has not offered, sold, underwritten or placed and will not offer, sell, underwrite or place any 
Securities other than in conformity with the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union 
(Prospectus) Regulations 2019 (S.I. No. 380 of 2019) and any rules and guidance issued by 
the Central Bank under section 1363 of the Companies Act; and 
 
(b) 
to the extent applicable it has complied with and will comply with all applicable provisions of 
(i) the Companies Act; (ii) the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014)(as amended), the

--- Page 221 ---
M-57468134-18 
221
European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016, and any market abuse rules and 
guidance issued by the Central Bank under section 1370 of the Companies Act; (iii) the 
Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2019 (as amended); and (iv) the European Union (Markets in 
Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) (MiFID II Regulations), including, 
without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation (and certain provisions 
concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, or any rules or codes of conduct made under the 
MiFID II Regulations and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 or, in the 
case of a credit institution, in conformity with the codes of conduct or practice made under 
section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended) of Ireland, with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to the Securities; and 
 
(c) 
in respect of any Securities that are not listed on any recognised stock exchange and that do 
not mature within two years: 
 
(i) 
its action in any jurisdiction will comply with the then applicable laws and regulations 
of that jurisdiction; 
 
(ii) 
it will not knowingly offer to sell such Securities to an Irish resident, or to persons 
whose usual place of abode is Ireland, and it will not knowingly distribute or cause to 
be distributed in Ireland any offering material in connection with such Securities; 
 
(iii) 
it will not offer, sell or deliver any such Securities to any person in a denomination of 
less than €500,000 (or its equivalent in another currency); and 
 
(iv) 
such Securities will be held in a recognised clearing system; and 
 
(d) 
in respect of any Securities that are not listed on any recognised stock exchange and that 
mature within two years, it will not offer, sell or deliver any such Securities in Ireland or 
elsewhere to any person in a denomination of less than €500,000 if the relevant Securities 
are denominated in euro, US$500,000 if the relevant Securities are denominated in US 
dollars, or if the relevant Securities are denominated in a currency other than euro or US 
dollars, the equivalent of €500,000 as at the date on which the Programme was first 
publicised and that such Securities will be held in a recognised clearing system. 
 
Hong Kong 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
 
(i) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Securities except for Securities which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the SFO) other than (i) to “professional investors” 
as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do 
not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the CWUMPO) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the CWUMPO; and 
 
(ii) it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in 
its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Securities, which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the 
securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Securities which are or are intended to 
be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined 
in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
 
Singapore

--- Page 222 ---
M-57468134-18 
222
 
 
Each Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Securities or caused the Securities to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Securities or cause the Securities to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it 
circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Securities, whether directly or indirectly, to any 
person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities 
and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
 
Where Securities are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant 
person which is: 
 
(i) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
 
(ii) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) 
of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Securities pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
 
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
 
Any reference to the SFA is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of 
Singapore and a reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to 
that term as modified or amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may 
be applicable at the relevant time. 
 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, the Issuer has, 
unless otherwise specified before an offer of Securities, determined the classification of all Securities to be 
issued under the Programme as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
 
Switzerland

--- Page 223 ---
M-57468134-18 
223
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in 
the Securities described herein. The Securities may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will 
be made to admit the Securities to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) 
in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Securities constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Securities may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland. 
 
General 
 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree that it will not, directly or indirectly, purchase, offer, sell or deliver any Securities or distribute or 
publish any offering circular, information memorandum, prospectus, form of application, advertisement or 
other document or information in any country or jurisdiction except under circumstances that will, to the 
best of its knowledge and belief, result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and all 
purchases, offers, sales and deliveries of Securities by it will be made on the same terms. 
 
Without prejudice to the generality of the above paragraph, each Dealer has agreed and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission which is, to the best of its knowledge and belief, required for the offer, purchase, 
sale or delivery by it of Securities under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is 
subject or in which it makes such offers, purchases, sales or deliveries and it will, to the best of its 
knowledge and belief, comply with all such laws and regulations. 
 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer(s) will be required to comply with such other 
additional restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) shall agree and as shall be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Secondary Market Arrangements 
 
The Issuer may enter agreements with Dealers or other persons in relation to a Tranche or Series 
of Securities whereby such Dealers may agree to provide liquidity in those Securities through bid and offer 
rate arrangements. The relevant Dealers or relevant persons in such agreements may agree to quote bid 
and offer prices for the relevant Securities at such rates and in such sizes as are specified in the relevant 
agreement and the provision of such quotes may be subject to other conditions as set out in the relevant 
agreement. Not all issues of Securities under the Programme will benefit from such agreements. A 
description of the main terms of any such agreements and the names and addresses of the relevant 
Dealers or other persons who are party to such will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms for the 
relevant Securities.

--- Page 224 ---
M-57468134-18 
224
General Information 
 
 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer authorised the establishment of the Programme and the 
creation and issue of the Securities on 20 May 2005. The update of the Programme and the issue 
of Securities within a period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus has been duly 
authorised by resolutions passed on 13 December 2021 by a sub-committee established by the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer. 
 
 
From the date hereof and for so long as Securities are capable of being issued under the 
Programme, copies of the following documents will, when published, be available at the websites 
detailed below: 
(a) 
the 
Constitution 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.bankofireland.com/about-bank-of-ireland/about-the-group/boig-constitution/);  
(b) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the period 1 January 2020 to 31 
December 2020 and the auditor’s report dated 26 February 2021, by KPMG thereon, each 
as incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (also available on the Issuer’s 
website 
at: 
https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/debt-investors/covered-
bonds/boimb-annual-reports/; and 
(c) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the period 1 January 2019 to 31 
December 2019 and the auditor’s report dated 21 February 2020, by KPMG thereon, each 
as incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (also available on the Issuer’s 
website 
at: 
https://investorrelations.bankofireland.com/debt-investors/covered-
bonds/boimb-annual-reports/). 
 
 
No governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings which may have or have had a significant effect 
on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability have been held against the Issuer in the 12 
months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus and the Issuer is not aware of any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened. 
 
 
Agency Agreement/ Deed of Covenant 
 
The following provides a brief description of the contents of each of the Agency Agreement and 
the Deed of Covenant. A description of the contents of the Programme Agreement is set out in 
the first paragraph under Subscription and Sale, Transfer and Selling Restrictions and Secondary 
Market Arrangements above. 
 
(i) 
Agency Agreement 
 
In the Agency Agreement, the Issuer has agreed the terms of the appointment of the 
principal paying agent, registrar and the other agents specified therein. In particular, the 
Agency Agreement sets out terms governing the issue of Securities, the duties of the 
agents, provisions relating to the payment of the agents’ commissions and expenses, an 
indemnity from the Issuer in favour of the agents and provisions governing changes to 
the identity of the agents. The Agency Agreement also contains in a number of 
schedules, the forms of the Securities and the form of the Deed of Covenant. 
 
(ii) 
Deed of Covenant 
 
Under the Deed of Covenant the Issuer has agreed, subject to the terms thereof, to grant 
certain direct contractual rights to Relevant Account Holders (as defined in the Deed of 
Covenant) in respect of Securities that are issued initially in global form and where a 
Global Security becomes void in accordance with its terms provides for such client rights 
to arise.

--- Page 225 ---
M-57468134-18 
225
 
 
Save as disclosed in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Description of the Issuer and 
the Group – Recent Developments”, the risk factors entitled “The Covid-19 pandemic continues to 
impact the global, Irish and UK economies” and “The Covid-19 pandemic continues to impact the 
Group” above, there has been: 
 
(i) no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published 
audited financial statements; and 
 
(ii) no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Group since the end of the 
last financial period for which financial information has been published to the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
 
The Issuer is not party to any material contracts that are entered into outside the ordinary course 
of the Issuer’s business and that could result in any group member being under an obligation or 
entitlement material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Securities. 
 
 
The Bearer Securities have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Bearer Securities 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Securities). If the Securities are to clear 
through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
 
 
No website referred to in this Base Prospectus forms part of this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
KPMG, Chartered Accountants, Dublin, registered with Chartered Accountants Ireland, has 
audited the accounts of the Issuer in accordance with the International Standards on Auditing 
(Ireland) and issued an unqualified audit opinion for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 
and 31 December 2020.  
 
 
Of the credit rating agencies referred to in this Base Prospectus, S&P, Moody’s France, Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH and Fitch are established in the EU and are registered under the CRA 
Regulation. Moody’s is established in the UK and is registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
DBRS, Inc. and R&I are not established in the EU or the UK and are not registered under the 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 226 ---
M-57468134-18 
226
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
Bank of Ireland Mortgage Bank Unlimited Company 
40 Mespil Road 
Dublin 4 
Ireland 
 
COVER-ASSETS MONITOR 
 
Mazars 
Harcourt Centre 
Block 3 Harcourt Road 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
ARRANGERS 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
Barclays Bank 
Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth 
Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard 
des Italiens 
75009 
Paris 
France 
BofA Securities 
Europe SA  
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Citigroup 
Global Markets 
Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square  
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 
16(Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am 
Main 
Federal Republic of 
Germany 
Credit Suisse 
Securities 
International  
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom 
 
Danske Bank 
A/S 
2-12 Holmens 
Kanal  
DK-1092 
Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
 
Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 
11-17 
D-60329 Frankfurt 
am Main 
Federal Republic of 
Germany 
 
Goldman Sachs
International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 
4AU 
United Kingdom 
 
HSBC Continental 
Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland 
PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland  
 
The Governor and 
Company of the Bank of 
Ireland 
Baggot Plaza 
27-33 Upper Baggot St 
Dublin D04 VX58 
Ireland

--- Page 227 ---
M-57468134-18 
227
J.P. Morgan 
Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
 
Landesbank 
Baden- 
Württemberg 
BO 
Emissionen/New 
Issues 
Department 
(3871/H) 
Am 
Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Deutschland  
 
Lloyds Bank 
Corporate Markets 
plc 
10 Gresham Street, 
London EC2V 7AE, 
United Kingdom 
 
Morgan Stanley 
& Co. 
International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
 
NatWest Markets 
Plc 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA 
United Kingdom  
 
Nomura 
International plc 
1 Angel Lane 
London EC4R 3AB 
United Kingdom  
 
Société 
Générale 
29, boulevard 
Haussmann 
75009 PARIS 
France 
 
The Governor and 
Company of the 
Bank of Ireland 
Baggot Plaza 
27-33 Upper Baggot 
St 
Dublin D04 VX58 
Ireland 
UBS AG 
LONDON 
BRANCH 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 
2QS 
United Kingdom 
 
UniCredit Bank AG
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
 Germany 
 
IRISH PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND REGISTRAR 
 
Citibank, N.A. 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
 
A&L Listing Limited 
International Financial Services Centre 
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland

--- Page 228 ---
M-57468134-18 
228
LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE ISSUER
 
LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE ARRANGERS AND 
THE DEALERS 
 
A&L Goodbody LLP 
International Financial Services Centre 
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
Arthur Cox LLP 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
AUDITOR TO THE ISSUER
 
KPMG  
Chartered Accountants  
1 Stokes Place 
St. Stephens Green 
Dublin 2 
Ireland

--- Page 229 ---
M-57468134-18 
229
Glossary 
£ 8 
€ 8 
2001 Act ...................................................... 11 
2004 Regulations...................................... 202 
2009 Act .................................................... 160 
2016 Addendum ....................................... 162 
30/360 ........................................................ 115 
30E/360 ...................................................... 115 
360/360 ...................................................... 115 
Accrual Period .......................................... 110 
ACS Acts ................................................. 1, 11 
Act ............................................................. 109 
Actual/360 ................................................. 115 
Actual/365 ................................................. 114 
Actual/365 (Fixed) .................................... 114 
Actual/Actual ............................................ 114 
Adjustment Spread .................................. 120 
Agency Agreement .................................. 103 
Agents ....................................................... 104 
ALCO ......................................................... 148 
Alternative Rate ........................................ 121 
authorised credit institution ................... 202 
AY .............................................................. 129 
Bank of Ireland ............................................. 8 
Base Prospectus .............................. 1, 73, 74 
BCBS ........................................................... 34 
Bearer Securities ........................... 1, 67, 103 
Benchmark Event ..................................... 121 
Benchmarks Regulation .............................. 7 
Board of Directors ................................... 147 
BOIG plc ...................................................... 11 
Bond Basis ............................................... 115 
Business Day............................................ 111 
Business Register .................................... 186 
Calculation Agent..................................... 112 
category A country .................................. 174 
category B country .................................. 174 
CCA ........................................................... 159 
CCMA .................................................... 33, 52 
Central Bank ................................................. 2 
CI Insolvency Directive ............................ 202 
CJMLTF Acts ............................................ 158 
Clearing Systems ........................................ 56 
Clearstream ................................................. 56 
CMBS ........................................................... 48 
Collateral Register ................................... 185 
commercial property ............................... 166 
Common Depositary .................................. 67 
Common Safekeeper ................................. 67 
Companies Act ........................................... 11 
Conditions ............................................ 73, 74 
Contractual Overcollateralisation .......... 178 
Couponholders......................................... 104 
Coupons .................................................... 103 
Cover Assets ...................................... 13, 197 
cover assets hedge contract .................. 197 
cover assets hedge contracts ................ 169 
Cover Assets Monitor Agreement .......... 189 
CPA ............................................................ 159 
CPC 2012 ..................................................... 52 
CRA Regulation ............................................ 5 
CRD Code ................................................. 158 
CRD Regulations ...................................... 158 
credit transaction .....................................168 
credit transaction asset ...........................168 
CTA 
Eligible 
Financial 
Institution 
Regulations ...........................................168 
Day Count Fraction ......................... 109, 114 
Dealer ............................................................. 1 
Dealers ........................................................... 1 
Deed of Covenant .....................................104 
Designated Account .................................124 
Designated Bank ......................................124 
Designated Maturity ........................ 112, 116 
Determination Period ...............................110 
development property ..............................175 
DIRT .................................................. 214, 217 
Distribution Compliance Period ..............109 
DM Regulations ........................................164 
DPA ............................................................158 
DRN ..............................................................52 
DSA ..............................................................52 
Dual Currency Securities .................... 17, 54 
duration .....................................................177 
ECAI ...........................................................167 
ECB ..............................................................11 
EEA ................................................................ 1 
Eligible Sustainable Projects ......................60 
ERC ............................................................145 
ESMA ............................................................. 7 
EU Taxonomy Regulation ...........................60 
EUR ................................................................ 8 
EURIBOR ...................................................112 
euro ................................................................ 8 
Eurobond Basis ........................................115 
Euroclear ......................................................56 
Euronext Dublin ............................................ 1 
Exchange Date ............................................67 
Exchange Event ................................. 68, 105 
Exempt Securities ......................................17 
FIEA............................................................223 
Final Terms ...................................... 4, 73, 74 
financial asset ...........................................168 
Fixed Interest Period ................................109 
Floating Rate .............................................112 
Floating Rate Option ................................112 
GAC ............................................................145 
GBP ................................................................ 8 
GIA .............................................................145 
Global Exchange Market .............................. 2 
Global Security .................................. 67, 103 
Group .................................................... 8, 138 
group entity assets ...................................167 
Group mortgage trust services ...............166 
Hedging Contracts ...................................169 
holder of Securities ..................................107 
holders .......................................................104 
Housing Loan Regulations 2015 ...............24 
IFSRA .........................................................136 
Independent Adviser ................................121 
Index Linked Securities ...................... 17, 54 
insolvency process ..................................201 
Institutions ..................................................12 
Interest Amount ........................................114 
Interest Commencement Date ........ 109, 123 
Interest Payment Date ........................ 16, 111

--- Page 230 ---
M-57468134-18 
230
Inverse Floating Rate Securities .............. 17 
Ireland ........................................................... 8 
Irish ................................................................ 8 
Irish GAAP ................................................ 182 
Irish Residential Loan .............................. 179 
Irish Residential Property Asset............. 179 
ISDA ............................................................. 16 
ISDA Definitions ....................................... 112 
ISDA Rate .................................................. 112 
ISIN .............................................................. 70 
Issuer ............................................... 1, 11, 103 
LCRAA ......................................................... 39 
LEI ................................................................ 11 
Lending Criteria........................................ 151 
London Business Day ............................. 116 
Long Maturity Security ............................ 123 
LTI ................................................................ 24 
LTV ...................................................... 24, 152 
Luxembourg ................................................ 56 
MARP ........................................................... 52 
MART ........................................................... 53 
MCR ........................................................... 159 
Member State............................................ 202 
MiFID ............................................................. 2 
MiFID II Product Governance Rules ........... 7 
Minimum Overcollateralisation Level .... 131 
Monitor ................................................ 13, 189 
Moody's ......................................................... 5 
mortgage credit ........................................ 165 
mortgage credit asset .............................. 166 
Mortgage Credit Regulations .................. 159 
Mortgage security .................................... 166 
Mortgage Servicer .................................... 142 
New Global Note .......................................... 57 
New Safekeeping Structure ........................ 57 
NGN ..................................................... 67, 124 
non-performing ........................................ 173 
NPEs ............................................................ 32 
NSS .............................................................. 68 
NTMA ......................................................... 204 
Official List .................................................... 1 
Original Reference Rate .......................... 121 
Origination Market Value ......................... 179 
Overcollateralisation Percentage ........... 131 
Overcollateralisation Regulation ............ 180 
Partly Paid Securities .......................... 17, 55 
Paying Agents .......................................... 103 
Payment Day ............................................. 125 
PDH .............................................................. 39 
Permanent Bearer Global Security........... 67 
PIA ............................................................... 53 
Pool ..................................................... 13, 197 
Pool Hedge .......................................... 48, 148 
Pool Hedge Collateral ........................ 13, 185 
potentially insolvent ................................ 201 
Preferred creditors ................................... 198 
Pricing Supplement ..................................... 4 
PRIIPs Regulation ........................................ 7 
Principal Paying Agent ............................ 103 
Programme ................................................... 1 
Programme Agreement ........................... 220 
Prospectus Regulation ................................ 1 
Prudent Market Discount ........................ 179 
Put Notice ................................................. 127 
quoted Eurobond ......................................213 
Receiptholders ..........................................104 
Receipts .....................................................104 
Record Date ..............................................124 
Redeemed Securities ...............................127 
Reference Banks ......................................114 
Reform Act ................................................156 
Register .....................................................124 
Register of Institutions ............................210 
Registered Global Security .............. 68, 109 
Registered Securities .................... 1, 67, 103 
Registrar ....................................................103 
Regulation S ....................................... 15, 109 
Regulatory Overcollateralisation ............178 
Relationship Framework ............................46 
relevant applicable enactment ................202 
Relevant Date ............................................130 
relevant Dealer .............................................. 1 
Relevant Factor .................................... 17, 54 
Relevant Nominating Body ......................122 
Relevant 
Securitised 
Mortgage 
Credit 
Asset ......................................................179 
Reset Date .................................................112 
residential property ..................................166 
Risk Management Framework .................144 
RMBS ...........................................................48 
RP ...............................................................129 
RWAs ...........................................................34 
section 41(3)/(5) Valuation Notice ...........182 
Securities ....................................... 1, 71, 103 
Securities Act ....................................... 4, 109 
SECURITIES ACT ......................................221 
securitised mortgage credit assets ............48 
Security holder .................................. 71, 107 
Security holders .............................. 104, 213 
Selection Date ...........................................127 
Sensitivity 
to 
Interest 
Rate 
Changes 
Regulation .............................................192 
Series .........................................................104 
Servicing and Agency Agreement . 142, 154 
Significant Institution ...............................156 
SMRT............................................................53 
SONIA ..........................................................17 
SREP ............................................................33 
Sterling .......................................................... 8 
Substitution Asset Deposit Regulations 167 
Substitution Asset Pool Eligibility Notice
 ................................................................167 
substitution assets ...................................167 
sub-unit .....................................................110 
Successor Rate .........................................122 
Super-preferred creditors ........................198 
Supervision Act ........................................156 
Sustainable Securities .................................60 
Talons ........................................................104 
TARGET2 ...................................................112 
TCA ............................................................168 
Temporary Bearer Global Security ...........67 
Tracker Review ...........................................42 
Trade and Cooperation Agreement ..........28 
Tranche ......................................................104 
Transfer Agents ........................................103 
Transformation Plan ...................................27 
UK CRA Regulation ...................................... 5

--- Page 231 ---
M-57468134-18 
231
Undertakings .............................................. 46 
US dollars ..................................................... 8 
US$ ................................................................ 8 
UTCCR ....................................................... 159 
y 129 
Yield ...........................................................110 
Zero Coupon Securities .............................17